Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, last week, Republicans introduced a bill that would fund the government for 2
whatsoever for my home community of Flint, Michigan, struggling with water that was poisoned by State government—no help from Congress, despite the fact that Members of Congress, in both parties, on both sides of the aisle, have expressed their concern, have asked what they can do, and have traveled to Flint. The majority held hearings that concluded that there was clearly Federal responsibility—this is according to Republicans on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee—Federal responsibility for what took place in Flint. Yet, despite the fact that we are including important provisions to keep the government open and providing relief to people in Louisiana who are struggling, which I support, no help for Flint—despite, also, the fact that the language that we are asking to be included is language that passed the Senate 95–3 and is fully paid for. So those that oppose helping Flint can’t say it is because we can’t afford it, because it is fully paid for, and can’t say it is a local problem, because Republicans and Democrats have already concluded that there was a Federal role. The only cost to the Federal Government is the cost of printing ink on paper to include this legislation in the continuing resolution. We have to include Flint. 
SECOND ANNIVERSARY OF STUDENTS’ DISAPPEARANCE IN MEXICO (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 2year anniversary of the disappearance of 43 students from the Raul Isidro Burgos Rural Teachers’ School in Ayotzinapa, Mexico. Sadly, Mexican authorities have yet to secure any criminal convictions or to uncover the whereabouts of these disappeared students. I strongly urge the Mexican authorities to continue to search for the students, to bring to justice those responsible for the disappearance, and to investigate the possible obstruction of justice by public officials. Two years is too long—too long for the students’ grieving families and too long for those of us who care about justice and human rights in Mexico. Let’s not let another anniversary pass without answers. 
HONORING THE VICTIMS OF THE CASCADE MALL SHOOTING IN BURLINGTON, WASHINGTON (Mr. LARSEN of Washington asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of the five individuals who were killed this past weekend in a mass shooting at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, Washington. Sarai Lara was a 16yearold sophomore at Mount Vernon High School, a cancer survivor, and her mother described her as her ‘‘right hand.’’ Chuck Eagan was a Boeing maintenance worker from Lake Stevens, Washington. He had two daughters. He was planning on retiring next year. Shayla Martin was a 52yearold from Mount Vernon and a makeup artist at the Macy’s where the shooting took place. Belinda Galde was a 64yearold from Arlington, Washington. She had served the public for more than two decades as a probation officer at the Snohomish County District Courts. Beatrice Dotson was Belinda’s mother. She was 95 years old. I honor these five individuals and express my condolences to their families and their friends, and I honor and I thank the law enforcement officials whose quick investigation led to the capture of the suspected shooter in less than 24 hours. Finally, I offer condolences to the community of Burlington, Washington, which is undoubtedly struggling to make sense of this senseless gun violence that was brought to their doorstep. f 
SMALLSCALE WEATHER RADARS IMPROVE STORM DETECTION (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the scientists at the University of Massachusetts Amherst on their development of smallscale weather radars to improve storm detection. With funding from the National Science Foundation, these researchers developed neighborhood weather radars that have the ability to sense hazards on a streetbystreet scale. These devices automatically adapt scans to focus on the most powerful parts of a storm. This innovative system will save money and lives as it alerts citizens and emergency personnel of impending danger before storms arrive. The researchers developed algorithms that pinpoint the exact location and velocity profile of a tornado by converting the information in the time series data on successive radar pulses into velocity data. The realtime information produced by this system will give researchers clues about weather patterns that will make weather detection even more sophisticated and accurate. This and other lifesaving technologies should be the priority of Congress and the continued work of scientists through the National Science Foundation. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1877) to amend section 520J of the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for mental health first aid training programs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1877 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mental Health First Aid Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1877, the Mental Health First Aid Act of 2016, introduced by the gentlewoman from Kansas, Representative LYNN JENKINS , and the gentlewoman from California, Representative DORIS MATSUI . This legislation enjoyed broad support on the Energy and Commerce Committee, passing through a full committee markup on a voice vote. The program we are reauthorizing today is an important one. It is a grant program that helps families and individuals in the community, including pastors, first responders, emergency personnel, nurses, teachers, and others to recognize the signs of mental illness. They are also learning how to deescalate a mental health crisis situation and how to help their neighbors in need connect with resources available for mental health treatment in the community. Finally, H.R. 1877 is fully CutGo compliant. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1877, the Mental Health First Aid Act of 2016. This important legislation would bolster our Nation’s efforts to respond to individuals suffering from mental health disorders and crises. It would reauthorize a grant program to train individuals such as teachers, law enforcement, and veterans, who are likely to encounter people with mental illness. The training would provide tools to help those individuals detect mental illness and provide the initial response, including connecting individuals with mental illness to mental health treatment and service providers in their community. Mental illness can lead to harmful outcomes, and that includes things such as suicide, homelessness, and involvement with the criminal justice system. However, access to early intervention and treatment services can help an individual recover from their condition and lead a productive life. Despite the availability of evidence based interventions, we know that there are long delays in individuals seeking treatment after the first onset of a mental health condition, and this legislation hopes to reverse that trend. Mental health awareness training will equip more individuals with the ability to identify the signs and symptoms of mental illness and connect people with mental health treatment and support services. This would help decrease the time from the first onset of mental illness to an individual obtaining the treatment and services that they need. I also encourage my colleagues to support this legislation; but I would like to reiterate that, just like with H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act which awaits action in the Senate, this is a necessary step, rather than a solution, to improving the mental health system in this country. If we are truly serious about fixing our broken mental health system, we have to work together to expand access and make sustained investments. So again, I want to thank Representatives MATSUI and J ENKINS for their leadership on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ). Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. I thank my friend, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ), for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1877, the Mental Health First Aid Act of 2016. The first step to help someone suffering with a mental illness get the help he or she needs is to be able to quickly spot the signs of mental illness and know where to point that friend, colleague, neighbor, or family member. H.R. 1877 will help police, first responders, veterans’ advocates, teachers, and others spot the signs and get people the help they need. It authorizes a grant program that has been included in appropriations bills the past few years and enjoyed great support from Congress and the public. The grant money will go to fund State Bureaus of Prisons, veterans’ advocacy groups, EMT and EMS teams, police officers, and firefighters. These important groups will be educated in spotting signs of mental illness in the people they work and live with so they can find help for these individuals. We hear about the state of our mental health system every day and the state of the VA dealing with injured veterans. We hear about police and first responders called to a scene where someone has become dangerous and they are not sure the best way to respond. H.R. 1877 will help those people know how to respond so that the situation can stay in control and the risk of harm to folks is lessened. b1415 The kinds of education programs that this legislation will provide authorization for have been shown to be effective and efficient at teaching people the signs of mental illness and how to drop the stigma of that illness so that someone in need can get help. I am glad that we have decided to take action here today. It is well known that this piece of legislation has been one of my top priorities since coming to Congress, and I am thankful to my colleagues on the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Chairman UPTON and Congresswoman MATSUI , for taking it up and supporting it. Congresswoman MATSUI  and I worked on this bill because we both saw the need for training in communities so that people in a position to do so could help those suffering with mental illness. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, again, I encourage support of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, many Americans know someone who is struggling with a mental illness . . . but we often do not know how to help. For too long . . . stigma has prevented us from seeking the lifesaving information we need to best help someone experiencing a mental health crisis. By equipping our first responders . . . law enforcement personnel . . . and educators with training and knowledge . . . Mental Health First Aid courses are helping break down barriers and deescalate crises in our communities. We have seen positive results from these courses in Sacramento . . . and across the country. By passing H.R. 1877 today . . . we reauthorize important grant funding that will allow for the implementation of the Mental Health First Aid model nationally. I want to thank Congresswoman LYNN JENKINS for her work on this important legislation. Today represents one step forward in our efforts to address the mental health crisis in this country. Yet . . . the need for comprehensive reform remains. We need to put adequate resources toward our behavioral health workforce . . . and ensure parity between physical and mental health care for all Americans. I will continue to strongly advocate for a legislative framework that supports this entire spectrum of care . . . and I urge my colleagues to join me in those efforts. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1877, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DANGEROUS SYNTHETIC DRUG CONTROL ACT OF 2016 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3537) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3537 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dangerous Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3537, the Dangerous Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2016. I want to specifically acknowledge Congressman DENTfrom Pennsylvania and Congressman KATKO from New York for their tireless leadership on this issue and the teamwork it took to get this bill through the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and to the floor today. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, the DEA, abuse and misuse of designer synthetic drugs is an ongoing threat to public health and safety. These chemical compounds are often designed in overseas laboratories to mimic the effects of illicit drugs and known controlled substances. Criminals who develop and market them in communities across our country have been able to stay one step ahead of the DEA since—while they are designed to closely resemble controlled substances—they are not currently scheduled. H.R. 3537 will add 22 such compounds to schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act, immediately strengthening the DEA’s ability to take swift action and get them off our streets. The compounds on this list include those that are marketed as K2, or Spice, as well as fentanyl derivatives estimated to be 100 times more powerful than morphine and linked to many overdoses and deaths. In addition to the DEA, I would like to thank the Office of National Drug Control Policy, FDA, NIH, and those in the research community who helped review and revise this list of synthetics as part of the legislative process. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : I write with respect to H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 3537 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 3537 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3537 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 3537. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 26, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, there are provisions of the bill that fall within the Committee on the Judiciary’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appreciate your willingness to forgo consideration of H.R. 3537, and I agree that your decision is not a waiver of any of the Committee on the Judiciary’s jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. In addition, I understand that the Committee reserves the right to seek the appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and you will have my support for any such request. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 3537. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3537, the Dangerous Synthetic Drug Control Act, is bipartisan legislation sponsored by Mr. DENTof Pennsylvania and also by Congressman JIM HIMES of Connecticut. It is a targeted approach to addressing the latest threat from synthetic substances that is causing dangerous drug abuse across our communities, and I support its swift passage. Sadly, stories of adults and teenagers abusing synthetic substances to get high have become all too common and have resulted in individuals either harming themselves or others. These drugs are extremely unsafe and can cause convulsions, anxiety attacks, hallucinations, psychotic episodes, and, in some instances, death. The rise of synthetic drug use is an issue we have been dealing with for many years now in my home State of New Jersey. Frightening increases in overdoses and deaths throughout the State from socalled designer drugs led New Jersey to permanently ban synthetic marijuana in 2012. However, synthetic marijuana, commonly referred to as ‘‘K2’’ or ‘‘Spice,’’ is still being sold illegally in my State and others and sends many to the emergency room every week. Last year, according to data from the American Association of Poison Control Centers, New Jersey logged 142 emergency calls, the ninth most in the Nation, for exposure to synthetic marijuana. Despite the devastating impact of these substances, they are, unfortunately, not illegal and, as a result, are 
too readily available. Under its current authority, the Drug Enforcement Agency, or DEA, has difficulty taking action against manufacturers of these substances. By swiftly engineering and reengineering these synthetic compounds, manufacturers have been able to avoid regulation under the Controlled Substances Act. H.R. 3537 would schedule a narrow list of 22 synthetic substances, including 11 used to create synthetic marijuana, and three derivatives of fentanyl—a synthetic opioid that is more powerful than morphine. This targeted legislation was developed with input from the DEA, the Department of Health and Human Services, the National Institute on Drug Abuse, and the Office of National Drug Control Policy to ensure that these substances with known abuse potential have no therapeutic value and, therefore, should be appropriately moved to schedule I. I believe that this legislation will enable the DEA to take needed enforcement actions against manufacturers of these dangerous substances. While the bill does not address the broader concerns that have been raised related to access to schedule I substances for research purposes, I am committed to continuing to work with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, as well as the administration, and stakeholders to find ways we can streamline the registration process for legitimate research purposes. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3537. I thank, again, Congressman HIMES, and I look forward to continue to work with my colleagues to reduce the availability of dangerous synthetic substances. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT). Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman UPTON ; Ranking Member PALLONE ; Messrs. G UTHRIE , KATKO , and H IMES; ELEANOR HOLMES  NORTON ; and Congressman J OLLY , all for helping to bring this bipartisan bill up today in order to officially identify these dangerous synthetic substances and address the public health crisis presented by their continued proliferation throughout the country. I have been working for several years to bring attention to the very serious threat that synthetic drugs pose to the health and safety of communities both within Pennsylvania and across our Nation. Although initially successful after placing a number of synthetic cannabinoids on schedule I and enhancing the DEA’s authorities to protect the public from these drugs through legislation that was signed into law in 2012, we have begun to see a renewed rise in both the number of new substances on the streets and the number of victims affected by these products. This bill simply adds 22 compounds to schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act, and these are, frankly, the very worst of the worst compounds out there. The products targeted by this bill are primarily labeled as synthetic marijuana, bath salts, or synthetic opioids, which are sold under the labels like K2, Spice, and Flakka that allow them to be marketed to unsuspecting young people and some of the most vulnerable members of our society. Through modifications to the chemical formulas of these drugs, their overseas manufacturers have been able to continue to push them on to victims under the false impression that they are safe, despite often being even more potent than the drugs they are designed to mimic. Without action—like the step we are taking here today to pass this critical bill and designate these substances as the dangerous and abusive products that they are—we will continue to see more overdoses, more victims, and, sadly, more deaths. Just this month, there was a gruesome killing in my district that was fueled by the ingestion of the synthetic drug known as Flakka—absolutely gruesome. My friend, Congressman HIMES, can talk about a situation very close to him, too, where there was a tragedy. Unfortunately, data from our health centers, law enforcement entities, and poison control offices show that such cases have become more and more prevalent around the country, and I applaud this proactive action to stop further proliferation. I should note that when we passed a law in 2012, we did shut down so much of these synthetic drugs that were being sold. We shut it down. But these folks overseas have figured out ways to reformulate these compounds, and this problem is back with us today again. We had shut it down. It is back with us, and this is a step that we are taking. So, again, I would also like to thank all of these bipartisan cosponsors for their partnership in this effort and their commitment to work together to address this public health epidemic by getting these dangerous substances off the streets. Finally, I would like to mention one other thing, too—that this bill has gone through an extensive regular order process. There has been a hearing, subcommittee markup, and a full committee markup. The bill is the result of negotiations between the DEA, researchers, and many others. Organizations like the American Hospital Association, the American College of Emergency Room Physicians, the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Convenience Stores, and Former Special Agents of the FBI all support and endorse this bill. So, finally, I urge my colleagues to support passage of this important legislation today so we can save lives. I will continue my efforts to educate the public about the dangers of these synthetic drugs and to protect our communities. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), the Democratic sponsor of the bill. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PALLONE for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Dangerous Synthetic Drug Control Act, which will reclassify 22 dangerous synthetic substances as schedule I substances subject to the control and enforcement associated with schedule I substances. Mr. Speaker, the community I represent, like every community represented in this Chamber, has been visited by the tragedy of fatal drug overdoses. We know the statistics nationally—opioid deaths are in the 30,000 neighborhood. That is a tragedy around the country. The substances that we reclassify today include some of the fentanyl substances that are often associated with the most gruesome overdoses often mixed with heroin. My colleagues will remember that fentanyl is the drug actually responsible for the overdose death of the musician Prince and, sadly, is pervasive through our communities. The synthetic drugs that are being scheduled today through this bill are particularly pernicious because they are marketed often in corner retail establishments and often in ways designed to appeal to young people in colored packages with names like K2 and Spice, clearly targeting our youngest constituents. We are engaged, of course, in a cat andmouse game with the producers of these substances because as soon as a substance is scheduled, a chemist somewhere figures out a slight alteration to the formula in such a way that now they have a drug which is untested and unproven but mimics some of the effects of a scheduled drug; but we have no idea what the effects are, and all too often those effects can be devastating to the individual using them. b1430 This bill, again, will take 22 of those dangerous substances and classify them into schedule I. This is going to make my community in southwestern Connecticut safer, and it will make communities throughout this country safer. I really want to thank, in particular, Congressman DENT for his very hard work on this, and Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member PALLONE for expediting this bill in a way that I know is going to make a very positive difference in our communities. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I encourage the adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3537, the socalled Dangerous Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2016. 
CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF ELECTRONIC SALES OF LIVESTOCK ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5883) to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5883 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clarification of Treatment of Electronic Sales of Livestock Act of 2016’’. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5883, the Clarification of Treatment of Electronic Sales of Livestock Act of 2016. The bill before us today makes simple, targeted reforms to an outdated statute in order to make it compatible with new practices that have come about because of advances in technology. The Packers and Stockyards Act was enacted to protect buyers and sellers of livestock from unfair, deceptive, and discriminatory practices. However, the statute has not undergone a thorough revision since being enacted in 1921, resulting in various outdated requirements. To account for the current practices that businesses use to buy and sell livestock, H.R. 5883 makes clarifying modifications, ensuring that the protections of the Packers and Stockyards Act apply to those who buy and sell livestock online on a commission or other fee basis. The Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921 references only two forms of payment methods acceptable under the act’s prompt payment requirements— checks and wire transfers. To update this provision, the bill adds electronic transfer of funds to the list of acceptable methods of payment and gives the Secretary the flexibility to approve other new methods of payment as deemed appropriate. These commonsense changes are supported by the vast majority of the livestock community—in fact, we know of no opposition—and were unanimously supported by my colleagues on the House Agriculture Committee. I urge my colleagues to support these important modifications with their vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5883 makes a very narrow fix to help bring the Packers and Stockyards Act to the 21st century. The bill is the result of a thorough review of the act to identify areas for modernization. The committee worked with the industry to provide clarity in the law regarding certain practices related to online transactions in the livestock markets. H.R. 5883 passed the Agriculture Committee by voice vote and has the support of seven major agriculture organizations. Again, this is a very straightforward bill, providing for minor, technical changes to the Packers and Stockyards Act. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I want to again urge all of my colleagues in this Chamber to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5883, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM TRAILS STEWARDSHIP ACT Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass bill (H.R. 845) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 845 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETER SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 845, the National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act. In 2013, the Government Accountability Office released a report that recognized the importance of volunteers for trail maintenance and recommended taking steps to improve management of volunteers. The Forest Service is facing a whopping $500 million backlog in trail maintenance costs—$500 million. H.R. 845 would require the Forest Service to produce a national strategy to maximum use of volunteers and partners for trail maintenance. Using eager volunteers across the Nation in the remediation of our deteriorating national Forest Service trails is a cost effective solution. More than 50 diverse recreation and conservation groups requested Congress act to enable volunteers to do more, from the Wilderness Society to the American Motorcyclist Association. I would like to thank my colleague, Representative LUMMIS , for sponsoring this bill, and my fellow committee members, Mr. WALZ, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. THOMPSON , and Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM , for their support of H.R. 845. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan legislation so we can utilize ontheground volunteer efforts to improve Forest Service trails and decrease the costly trail maintenance backlog. Refocusing on volunteers and partners to help the Forest Service is a commonsense way of making progress on the backlog and opening up these trails to public access. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 845, National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act, which was recently ordered to be reported by the Committee on Agriculture. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources, as the bill contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Natural Resources Committee. In the interest of permitting you to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this very important bill, this Committee agrees to discharge from further consideration of H.R. 845. I do so with the understanding that the Natural Resources Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also request that you urge the Speaker to name members of the Natural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 845 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees, and congratulations on this significant achievement. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, September 13, 2016. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I appreciate your support in bringing H.R. 845, National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act, before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Natural Resources will forego action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Natural Resources does not 
waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Natural Resources represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work the Committee on Natural Resources as this bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 845, the National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act, is a bipartisan bill introduced by Representative WALZ, a member of the Agriculture Committee, and Representative LUMMIS , a former member of the Agriculture Committee. A 2013 GAO Trails Maintenance Report found that the Forest Service has a backlog of more than $314 million in trail maintenance, which would be addressed by this legislation. The bill requires that the Forest Service develop a national strategy to double the amount of maintenance work done by volunteers in the next 5 years, ensuring our constituents can continue to use and enjoy these public spaces. The Agriculture Committee approved H.R. 845 by voice vote, and the bill is supported by a wide range of government, recreation, agriculture, conservation, sportsmen, and equestrian organizations. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ). Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ). I also want to thank my former committee chairman on the House Agriculture Committee, now the ranking member, Mr. PETERSON , for his support of this bill, as well as Chairman CONAWAY of the House Agriculture Committee. Mr. Speaker, in the national forests, especially in areas where there have been bark beetle damage, the trees are starting to fall across the trails. I have talked to outfitters who are taking pack trips into the national forests. They are only in there for 2 or 3 days, and when they try to get out they have to chop their way out because so many trees have fallen across the trails, even while they are in the forest. So this maintenance backlog is getting bigger. Mr. Speaker, it makes such sense, practically speaking, when we have a huge budget deficit, to maximize the use of volunteers in the national forests to help maintain these trails. Now, they will be able to avail themselves of workers comp, and that is part of the reason that it has taken this bill such a long time to get to the floor. But it came out of the Agriculture Committee unanimously. It is one of the most bipartisan bills in this entire Congress. It has 86 cosponsors in the House and 23 in the Senate. I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ), who is a cosponsor of this bill, for his work. I am hoping he will tell the tale that he encountered this summer when he was hiking in the West. More than 50 diverse recreation conservation groups wanted a way to increase volunteer efforts in our national forests, including the National Association of Counties. Mr. Speaker, there are a couple of additional provisions I want to highlight in this bill. It directs a study be done on utilizing fire crews for maintenance work during off seasons for wildfire, which is a great way for them to maximize, and for us to maximize, their skills in the forests. And it also requires the Secretary of Agriculture to identify 9 to 15 priority areas throughout the country to incorporate volunteers and to increase trail maintenance. This bill has broad support. It will produce opportunities for young people to volunteer in our forests. It will allow outfitters and guides to offset some of their permit fees through work on trail maintenance performed by the permit holders to construct, improve, or maintain National Forest System trails, trailheads, or developed sites under supervision of our National Park Service. This is kind of a motherhood and apple pie bill, Mr. Speaker, and it has been my pleasure to work with Mr. WALZand the other proponents of this bill to bring it to the floor this afternoon. b1445 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ), a cosponsor of the bill. Mr. WALZ. I thank the gentleman. I echo the statements made by the gentlewoman from Wyoming. First of all, the passion and the work that she and her staff have put into this is thanked by many millions of Americans who use these trails. The gentlewoman has chosen to make this her last session of Congress; so I would like to go on record and say that the people of the great State of Wyoming have been well served by the gentlewoman’s passionate, ethical leadership and by her willingness to put the Nation’s business first and get things done. I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense bill. The Nation’s outdoor industry is a $645billionayear industry which hires 6.1 million Americans. The great blessings that we have in this Nation of the most beautiful outdoor areas in the world are a legacy that we want to pass on. One of the issues is accessing those areas. Trail maintenance is absolutely critical. Listen to the groups of people who are behind this. These are pretty impressive and diverse groups of cosponsors, just to name a few: the National Association of Counties, the Wilderness Society, the Western Governors’ Association, the Back Country Horsemen of America, Trout Unlimited, the American Motorcyclist Association, the National Wildlife Federation, and it goes on and on and on. The gentlewoman was referencing something that happened. This is a real world fix to a realworld problem without its costing taxpayers money. I had the opportunity this summer to be out at Glacier National Park with my family and to be up on Goingto theSun Road at Logan Pass and, I think, hiking one of the most beautiful stretches on the planet—the Highline Trail. We were out about 16 miles; it was midday; and I had my children, my nephew, and my brotherinlaw. We were all there and were enjoying this when we saw two Park Service folks, two young men, over there, working really hard. They had packhorses to pack their stuff in, and they were shoring up a trail from the glaciers that was there. I just walked over to them, and they had no idea there were hikers on the trail. I said: I want to thank you both for the work you are doing. They said: If you really want to thank us, have your Congressman call and support Mrs. LUMMIS ’ bill on trail maintenance. I could not have been more shocked to expect that there, but they understood the importance of it. They understood that they need the help and that the volunteers are there under the guidance and the expertise of the Forest Service. When we cut through some of the red tape, we get people who care about the trails out there, and we fix the problem. I thank the gentlewoman and encourage the bill’s support. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ). Mrs. LUMMIS. I thank Mr. ROUZER  for allowing me to do something I should have done, but Mr. WALZdid it for me. That is to thank my staff, especially Jimmy Ward, for all of his hard work on this bill. He made sure that we continued to be moving this bill forward in his helping us to identify cosponsors and working with the scoring process, which is what brings us here today; so I want to say a particular thank you to my staff. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 845, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TRANSIT SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM FLEXIBILITY ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5943) to amend the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 to clarify certain allowable uses of funds for public transportation security assistance grants and establish periods of performance for such grants, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5943 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We know that terrorists have an interest in and a track record of targeting mass transit. We saw it in London, Madrid, and Brussels, and recently, again, when a terrorist left a backpack of IEDs at a train station in Elizabeth, New Jersey. We must ensure that our first responders and transit agencies have the tools they need to secure our transit systems. That is why I introduced H.R. 5943, the Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act. This bill addresses concerns that were raised during a June 21 field hearing that the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held in Ranking Member PAYNE ’s district on preparedness for incidents that impact surface transportation. As chairman of the subcommittee, I introduced this legislation to ensure action follows our subcommittee’s oversight. Witnesses at this field hearing testified about the importance of the Transit Security Grant Program but found that the period of performance was a challenging time frame to meet, especially for completing vital, largescale capital security projects. H.R. 5943 addresses this challenge by codifying the period of performance for Transit Security Grant Program awards at 36 months for the majority of eligible projects and by extending the period of performance for largescale capital security projects to 55 months. Additionally, Transit Security Grant Program awards can be used to provide personnel with security training. Unfortunately, the recipients of these awards are not allowed to use Transit Security Grant Program funds to pay for backfilling personnel who attend such training. In some cases, that extra cost at the transit agency has resulted in an inability to send staff for security training. My bill will permit Transit Security Grant Program funds to be used for this purpose, which is consistent with other Homeland Security grant programs. With more than 10 billion riders using surface transportation annually, it is vital that the Transit Security Grant Program provide flexible solutions for grant recipients. I am proud to sponsor this bipartisan legislation, which passed out of the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month. I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 5943. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5943, the Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act. Following the March 2016 attacks on mass transit facilities in Brussels, the Committee on Homeland Security’s Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications Subcommittee held a hearing in my district at New Jersey City University to learn more about efforts to secure mass transit domestically. The subcommittee heard from Amtrak, New Jersey Transit, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and MTA about what they are doing to keep passengers safe and how the Federal Government can help. Witnesses lamented the drastic reduction in Transit Security Grant funding from upwards of $385 million in 2008 to only $100 million in 2016. Unfortunately, in the current fiscal environment, prospects for restoring this critical funding are not great. Witnesses also testified that the 36month period of performance limits the ability of transit owners to invest in important securityhardening projects that cannot be completed within that window of time. Fortunately, we can address that problem. H.R. 5943 is a bipartisan bill that would extend the period of performance for transit grant activities that are related to infrastructure hardening to 55 months and would give grantees the flexibility to use the grant money for expenses that are related to covering the costs of staffing backfill for when responders are sent to security training. The threats to our transit infrastructure are real, Mr. Speaker. Two weeks ago, we had a close call outside a train station in Elizabeth, New Jersey, when a backpack containing a bomb was discovered by two citizens. Fortunately, they notified law enforcement; and although there was an explosion, no one was injured. Police found four other devices in the vicinity. H.R. 5943 will help transit owners and operators better address the threats to our critical transportation systems. As such, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5943 was unanimously approved by the committee on Homeland Security on September 13. It recognizes that Transit Security Grant Program grantees can spend their money better and smarter when they have the time necessary to do so. I congratulate my colleague, Mr. DONOVAN , on this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5943. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5943. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5943, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FIRST RESPONDER ACCESS TO INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5460) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a review process to review applications for certain grants to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary consensus standards, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5460 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Responder Access to Innovative Technologies Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I rise in support of H.R. 5460, the First Responder Access to Innovative Technologies Act, which passed out of my subcommittee with bipartisan support on June 16 and was reported favorably by the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month. With threats consistently evolving, it is reassuring to see new technology being developed to ensure the safety of our communities and first responders. b1500 However, emerging technology is frequently developed faster than voluntary consensus standards can be implemented. Recipients of grants under FEMA’s State Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Areas Security Initiative must procure equipment that meets these standards. Unfortunately, if emerging technology or equipment does not have a voluntary consensus standard and a grant recipient would like to use those funds to purchase such technology, FEMA does not have a uniform review process to consider applications for that equipment. This legislation requires FEMA to develop such a process for reviewing these requests. I want to thank the subcommittee’s ranking member, Representative PAYNE , for introducing this commonsense bill. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 5460 because it will ensure first responders have the ability to purchase equipment and emerging technology needed to effectively adapt to the current threat landscape. First responders in multiple jurisdictions in New York and New Jersey were recently called upon to respond to a series of improvised explosive devices. It is clear that the threat to our communities is not going away; and we, as Members of Congress, must ensure our first responders can easily access emerging technology without being hampered by unnecessary bureaucracy. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5460, the First Responder Access to Innovative Technologies Act. Mr. Speaker, a week ago, after we observed the fifteenth anniversary of the September 11 attacks this month, a disturbed man planted bombs in New York City, in Seaside Park, New Jersey, and in Elizabeth, New Jersey. Local law enforcement in my district ultimately apprehended the suspect, but not before a shootout injured two brave officers, Officer Hammer and Officer Padilla of the Linden Police Department. In our Nation’s darkest hours, the bravest among us rush into situations everyone else tries to escape. Those heros need the best, most modern technology on the market to do their jobs better and safer. With the help of the private sector, we have made significant strides in developing first responder technology. Nevertheless, first responders cannot use their Homeland Security grant dollars to purchase the latest technology unless it meets or exceeds voluntary industry standards, which take years to develop. To ensure that our brave first responders have access to the most modern equipment, the First Responder Access to Innovative Technologies Act directs the Federal Emergency Management Agency to develop a transparent process to review requests to purchase equipment for which voluntary industry standards do not exist. H.R. 5460 has the support of the Securities Industry Association and was approved by the full committee by voice vote. Mr. Speaker, our first responders are our heros. Time and time again, they 
put themselves in harm’s way to protect their communities. The First Responder Access to Innovative Technologies Act will ensure that our first responders have the technology they need to keep themselves safe as they keep us safe. I want to thank Subcommittee Chairman DONOVAN for his support of this measure. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5460. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5460. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5460, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CYBER PREPAREDNESS ACT OF 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5459) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance preparedness and response capabilities for cyber attacks, bolster the dissemination of homeland security information related to cyber threats, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5459 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cyber Preparedness Act of 2016’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that to facilitate the timely dissemination to appropriate State, local, and private sector stakeholders of homeland security information related to cyber threats, the Secretary of Homeland Security should, to the greatest extent practicable, work to share actionable information related to cyber threats in an unclassified form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, September is National Preparedness Month, and as chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I think it is fitting that we are here today to consider a number of bills that will enhance our homeland security, including legislation I introduced, H.R. 5459, the Cyber Preparedness Act of 2016. Cybersecurity is a major national security issue, and the threat is real and immediate. For instance, a cyber attack causing widespread power outages could have major cascading consequences on public health and safety; however, it appears that the Nation is not adequately prepared to prevent and respond to cyber attacks. Since 2012, FEMA has released an annual National Preparedness Report, which highlights States’ progress in meeting 32 core capabilities as defined by the National Preparedness Goal. Each year, States have ranked their cybersecurity capabilities as one of their lowest. In May, my subcommittee, the Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications Subcommittee, held a joint hearing with the Homeland Security Committee’s Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies to look at the current state of cyber preparedness and how the Federal Government can help the States address some of the challenges that they face. Witnesses explained that, while great progress has been made in enhancing their cybersecurity capabilities, challenges still remain, especially with regard to information sharing of cyber threats and risks and whether Homeland Security grants may be used for cybersecurity enhancements. I introduced H.R. 5459, the Cyber Preparedness Act of 2016, to address a number of findings from this hearing. My legislation addresses these findings by enhancing cyber risk information sharing with State and major urban area fusion centers; authorizing representatives from State and urban area fusion centers to be assigned to the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, and permitting the NCCIC personnel to be deployed to fusion centers; sharing information on cyber preparedness best practices with State and local stakeholders; clarifying the eligibility of 
State Homeland Security Grant Program and Urban Areas Security Initiative funding for cybersecurity enhancements; and working to combat the overclassification of cyber risk information so that it can be shared more broadly with stakeholders with a need to know. I appreciate that Chairmen MCCAUL and RATCLIFFE and Ranking Member PAYNE have joined me as original cosponsors of H.R. 5459. This bipartisan legislation was reported favorably by the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5459, the Cyber Preparedness Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, in May the Committee on Homeland Security held a hearing to examine how the Department of Homeland Security assists States in preparing and responding to cyber attacks. Historically, States have rated cybersecurity among the core capabilities in which they have the least confidence. At the hearing, we heard compelling testimony from State emergency managers and chief information officers about the initiatives States are undertaking to reverse that trend and prevent cyber attacks within their State. For instance, some States like New Jersey and California have begun developing their own cyber information sharing capabilities akin to DHS’ National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center. One of the consistent challenges witnesses identified, however, was the lack of robust cyber information sharing. H.R. 5459 addresses this challenge by promoting the sharing of cyber threat indicators and information, as well as cybersecurity best practices, with State and major urban area fusion centers. The bill also designates cybersecurity as an allowable use of State Homeland Security Grants and Urban Areas Security Initiative funds. Mr. Speaker, cyber attacks on systems that underpin the operation of critical infrastructure have the potential to wreak havoc on our communities. State emergency managers and chief information officers have made clear that the better sharing of cyber information is essential to preventing cyber attacks. H.R. 5459 seeks to improve cyber information sharing with fusion centers. Moreover, I would note that, with respect to cyber threats to election equipment, the committee adopted an amendment to specifically direct DHS to share cyber threat information regarding election equipment and technology with fusion centers. The right to vote is among the most cherished, and the integrity of our election process is fundamental to our democracy. We must protect it. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5459. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5459. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5459, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SECURING OUR AGRICULTURE AND FOOD ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5346) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5346 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5346, Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act, introduced by Congressman DAVID YOUNG of Iowa. This bill seeks to authorize the Department of Homeland Security’s Food, Agriculture, and Veterinary Defense Program within the Office of Health Affairs. b1515 Earlier this year, the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a hearing to examine the potential devastating impacts of an intentional attack on, or natural disruption of, U.S. agricultural or food production systems. The food and agriculture sector is critically important to our Nation’s economy. U.S. food and agriculture accounts for roughly onefifth of the Nation’s economic activity, contributed $835 billion to the U.S. gross domestic product in 2014, and is responsible for 1 out of every 12 United States jobs. Coming from Iowa, Congressman YOUNG knows all too well the importance of protecting this sector, which 
is vital to the economy and our way of life. I appreciate him introducing this bill, which I am pleased to cosponsor. I want to thank Chairman UPTON of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and Chairman CONAWAY of the Committee on Agriculture for working with us to advance this bill. This legislation received bipartisan support in the Committee on Homeland Security. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for the opportunity to review H.R. 5346, ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Homeland Security, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 5346 from further consideration by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by discharging the bill, the Committee on Agriculture does not waive any future jurisdictional claim on this or similar matters. Further, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of conferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this matter and I look forward to continued cooperation between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write in regard to H.R. 5346, Securing our Agriculture and Food Act, which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Committee on Energy and Commerce takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5346 at this time, the Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward to address any remaining issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5346 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy on Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5346, the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and, accordingly, understand that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Commerce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Energy and Commerce for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5346, the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Agriculture will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Agriculture does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Agriculture for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5346, the Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act. H.R. 5346 would clarify the responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security’s Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs as they relate to the Department’s responsibilities under HSPD–9, the Defense of U.S. Agriculture and Food. Accounting for nearly onefifth of the economic activity of the Nation, agriculture is not only critical to human health, but also to the national economy. Although New Jersey’s 10th Congressional District is not known for its rolling fields of corn or vast cattle ranches, it is home to large international ports. Customs and Border Protection agriculture specialists are on the front lines at the Port of Newark and Newark Liberty International Airport to protect domestic agriculture and food supply from foreign pathogens. These ports of entry are located in the largest consumer market in North America, reaching 23 million local consumers and 100 million more within a 36hour reach. In fact, the Port of Newark and Newark Liberty International Airport are topperforming ports of entry with top interception numbers and several ‘‘FirstinNation’’ insect finds. Despite the large size and enormous volume of these two ports, there are not enough agriculture specialists for the work that we need to be done. That is why I offered an amendment in the committee to direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs to coordinate activities with other DHS components, including Customs and Border Protection. I want to thank the subcommittee chairman for his support, and I am hopeful that the coordination required by my amendment will inform staffing decisions at U.S. ports of entry. We must do what we can to ensure the food and agriculture sector is protected. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman DONOVAN and Ranking Member PAYNE . Last year’s outbreak of the highly pathogenic avian influenza forced a tough and heartbreaking reality for many folks in Iowa’s Third Congressional District, all over the State, and in districts across the country. Iowa suffered the largest animal disease outbreak in State history, devastating many farmers and producers by wiping out millions of layer hens, turkeys, and backyard flocks. Now, as the Federal Government scrambled to respond to last year’s events, efforts revealed problems with their ability to react quickly and communicate with stakeholders. I heard from numerous farmers, producers, and other stakeholders frustrated by this lack of communication and delay in action. Response efforts to the outbreak also highlighted concerns about our country’s ability to share information and quickly respond to potential agroterrorism threats and attacks. Now, as our Nation faces global and complex national security challenges, agroterrorism as well as future large scale animal disease outbreaks pose serious threats to our food, agriculture, and livestock industries in the United States. 
I introduced the Securing our Agriculture and Food Act, H.R. 5346, in order to address this issue by securing our Nation’s agriculture industry, food supply, and ultimately protecting our consumers, our families, across the Nation. This agroterrorism preparedness legislation requires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to elevate preparedness of our Nation’s food, agriculture, and veterinary systems against terrorism and highrisk events. It also authorizes the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, to collaborate with other Federal agencies to ensure food, agriculture, and animal and human health sectors receive muchneeded attention, and are integrated into the Department’s domestic preparedness policy initiatives. Whether we are preparing for future avian influenza outbreaks, animal disease outbreaks, or unforeseen emergencies or attacks, our Federal Government must have the tools and resources to act quickly and keep stakeholders informed. Parents should not have to worry about the safety of the food that they serve their children. We must ensure a safe and abundant food supply for our families; and my bill, this bipartisan bill, enables us to do just that. I want to thank all Members—Homeland Security Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member THOMPSON , Subcommittee Chairman DONOVAN , Ranking Member PAYNE for helping and making this a better bill, and Chairman CONAWAY of the Committee on Agriculture and Chairman UPTON of the Committee on Energy and Commerce— who worked closely with me to bring this important bill to the floor. This was truly a collaborative effort and proves that we can do things in a bipartisan manner and together for the good of the country. I want to thank staff as well, especially those on the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications of the Committee on Homeland Security who worked so hard on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5346 was unanimously approved by the Committee on Homeland Security on September 13. It recognizes the importance of securing our food and agriculture sector. Once again, I would like to reiterate that the proper agriculture specialist staffing at our ports helps to keep the diseases that are likely to jeopardize the agriculture industry and food supply out of this country. I hope that H.R. 5346 will help improve our ability to protect the agriculture industry from biothreats. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5346. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5346. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5346, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SOCIAL SECURITY FRAUD PREVENTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3779) to restrict the inclusion of Social Security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3779 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Security Fraud Prevention Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3779, Social Security Fraud Prevention Act of 2016. This was introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ). Social Security numbers were first created for the sole purpose of allowing the Federal Government to track the earnings history of individuals to determine Social Security benefits. However, over the course of time, both the Federal Government and the private sector found these numbers to be valuable tools to keep track of individuals for a wide variety of reasons, including tax reporting and credit history. You can name how many different things where they require your Social Security number in order to figure out and identify who you are. b1530 Because of these changes, Social Security numbers have become incredibly important in today’s hightech society. In fact, they can be used for a good deal of purposes in a positive way, but they can also be used in a nefarious way to try to create a fictitious identification for somebody. They are necessary for applying to college, getting a credit card, or opening a bank account. However, in the hands of the wrong people, Social Security numbers can lead to identity theft, something that is very destructive to those affected. Troublingly, the sponsor of this bill, Mr. VALADAO , reported an interaction with one of his constituents who received a government document with a Social Security number printed on the outside of the envelope. It was on the outside of the envelope. Mr. Speaker, this is totally and completely unacceptable. Given the dangers associated with identity theft, the Federal Government must do more to safeguard Social Security numbers. Indeed, 2 weeks ago, my committee released a 231page report detailing the majority staff’s investigative findings concerning a data breach of personally identifiable information by the United States Office of Personnel Management. Mr. Speaker, this information included the Social Security numbers of more than 20 million Americans. As a result, an Oversight and Government Reform Committee report recommended Federal agencies reduce the use of Social Security numbers in order to mitigate the risk of identity theft. What the bill does that Mr. VALADAO  has introduced, H.R. 3779, is bring us closer to this goal by requiring Federal agencies to limit the sending of Social Security numbers via mail and to completely ban sending Social Security numbers in a way in which they can be seen on the outside of any package. Ultimately, this bill will protect Americans from having their Social Security numbers needlessly revealed by the Federal Government. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3779, the Social Security Fraud Prevention Act of 2016, as amended. As my colleague, the gentleman from Utah, has noted, this bipartisan legislation has been introduced by Representative DAVID VALADAO and cosponsored by Mr. SWALWELL , both from California. This bill would strengthen efforts to prevent identity theft. In particular, it would prohibit Federal agencies from including the Social Security number of any individual on documents sent in the U.S. mail, unless an agency head determines that it is absolutely necessary to do so. Also, through regulations, agencies would, in the future, specify the precise circumstances under which they would need to include Social Security numbers in printed and mailed documents inside the envelope. This bill would also require agencies to partially redact Social Security numbers, where feasible, and restrict the visibility of Social Security numbers on the outside of any package sent by mail. As reported by the Department of Justice, nearly 18 million Americans are victims of identity theft per year. According to the 2016 Identity Fraud Study conducted by the Javelin Strategy & Research firm, identity theft has resulted in losses exceeding $112 billion over the last 6 years alone. That amounts to $35,600 stolen per minute over the last 6 years. The Javelin study also indicates that, as the U.S. continues to convert to chipenabled credit card technology, identity thieves have become increasingly reliant on the creation of fraudulent customer accounts. This illicit practice is greatly enabled by the accessibility and exposure of Social Security numbers. Moreover, the announcement last week by Yahoo that the account information of at least 500 million users had been stolen by hackers back in 2014 is the latest example of the massive data breaches that we are continuing to experience in both the private and public sectors. In light of the complexity and frequency of these cyber attacks, it is imperative that we take commonsense steps at the Federal level to protect personally identifiable information, including Social Security numbers, against misuse. During our committee’s investigation, as the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the gentleman from Utah, has noted, of the critical breaches of information technology systems at the Office of Personnel Management in 2015, we discovered that the agency had not encrypted the Social Security numbers of over 20 million employees. We are similarly behind the curve when it comes to safeguarding Social Security information sent by Federal agencies in the mail. Mr. Speaker, the Social Security Fraud Prevention Act is a practical piece of legislation that enjoys support on both sides of the aisle. It has also received strong endorsements from organizations such as the American Association of Retired Persons, or AARP, and the National Retiree Legislative Network. Publicly, I want to thank Mr. VALADAO and Mr. S WALWELL for their leadership in this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS), of the 13th Congressional District. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I, too, would like to agree with my colleagues and recognize our colleague from California (Mr. VALADAO ), for being the sponsor of this piece of legislation, which obviously enjoys bipartisan support. I am a cosponsor of this bill. According to the Justice Department, identity theft affects nearly 18 million people, costing more than $15 billion in 2014 alone. This represents roughly 7 percent of all Americans age 16 or older. In Illinois alone, in 2014, it has been recognized that the FTC saw a 65 percent increase in identity theft. Data from the Bureau of Justice Statistics also shows us that women are more likely to be victims of identity theft than men. In addition, more than 14 percent of the victims are elderly. We all know that Social Security numbers are the link to a key piece of information that criminals use to steal people’s identities. So this legislation takes an important step to ensure that our Federal agencies, our government, funded by the hardworking taxpayers of this country, are not making this problem even worse. This is a commonsense step. This is a commonsense piece of legislation that many out there watching may look to us and say: Do you mean this isn’t already the law? Do you mean we are still allowing agencies to send Social Security numbers? We should have known this long ago. We should have stopped this long ago. But it is commonsense colleagues like Congressman VALADAO and Congressman SWALWELL , those fellow cosponsors, in a bipartisan way, Republicans and Democrats, who said: You know what? Let’s solve this problem that should have been solved long ago. But now, we are going to get to it because of the leadership from Congressman VALADAO . I am proud to cosponsor this legislation, which will have a real impact on reducing identity theft in this country. I want to commend each and every one of our colleagues who are supporting this measure. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I know that the gentleman from California, the lead sponsor of this bill, has just arrived, and I want to publicly thank him, as well as the gentleman from Illinois who just spoke. I appreciate his leadership. He joined with Mr. SWALWELL on our side of the aisle. And I agree, this is a long time coming. It should have been done years ago. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), the prime sponsor of this bill. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3779, the Social Security Fraud Prevention Act. This commonsense piece of legislation will help mitigate rising instances of identity theft, which have become a significant problem across our country. What is worse, these crimes tend to affect the populations that need protection the most, including the elderly, children, and veterans. Recovering from having your identity being stolen is a burdensome and expensive process. One way to reduce occurrences of this crime is to prevent the Federal Government from mailing documents that contain the full Social Security number of an American citizen, unless it is absolutely necessary. I realized the need for this legislation after I was approached by a constituent in my district who showed me a letter she received from the Social Security Administration that had her full Social Security number printed on it, as well as her full name and address. Upon further investigation, we found that the Social Security Administration was also printing full Social Security numbers visible on the outside of postcards. This is simply unacceptable. Social Security was established to provide older Americans financial security during their retirement years, not jeopardize their security by handling someone’s personal information poorly. Even more concerning is that the problem is not exclusive to the Social Security Administration but has become a governmentwide problem. My bill, H.R. 3779, would prevent the Federal Government from mailing documents that contain full Social Security numbers, unless absolutely necessary, and require the Federal agencies to partially redact Social Security numbers on documents, whenever possible. Additionally, the bill prevents Social Security numbers from ever being visible on the outside of a piece of mail. Please join me in supporting this commonsense piece of legislation that will help Americans avoid falling victim to one of the fastest growing crimes in the United States. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to thank and congratulate Mr. VALADAO and others who have worked on this bill. It is a commonsense piece of legislation. I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I was privileged to introduce H.R. 3779, the Social Security Fraud Prevention Act, with my friend from California, Congressman VALADAO . Identity theft is a major and growing problem in our nation. Almost 18 million Americans were victims of this crime in 2014, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. Of those who lost money as a result of their victimization, the average loss was over $1,300. This is a serious, complicated problem from which no one is immune. As in most complex issues, there is not just one solution. We must attack it from a variety of angles. For example, the government certainly shouldn’t be making identity theft more likely by making it easier for criminals to get people’s Social Security Numbers. Puffing aside the merits, the reality is that Social Security Numbers right now are used in many ways to identify people and secure accounts. Having someone’s Social Security Number thus can be very helpful in stealing someone’s identity. H.R. 3779 would make it more difficult to steal someone’s Social Security Number by prohibiting any federal agency or department from including it on documents sent by mail unless it is determined to be necessary. And, when it is included it would not be visible from the outside of the envelope and would be partially redacted when possible. This is a common sense, bipartisan bill that is one piece of a larger comprehensive effort we need to successfully combat identity theft. I thank Congressman VALADAO for sponsoring it and working on it with me. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3779. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3779, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TOM STAGG UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2754) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2754 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 2754, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2754, as amended, would designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the Tom Stagg United States Court House. I want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. FLEMING ), for his leadership on this legislation. Judge Stagg served in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. He was appointed to the bench in 1974, served as a chief judge from 1984 to 1991, and assumed senior status in 1992. He served until his death last year. Earlier in his career, he held various executive positions in the private sector and was in the private practice of law. b1545 Judge Stagg served our country during World War II, during our Greatest Generation, as a U.S. Army captain in the infantry. He earned the Combat Infantry Badge, Bronze Stars for Valor and Meritorious Service, and the Purple Heart with Oak Leaf Cluster. Judge Stagg’s dedication to serving our country is clear, and I believe it is appropriate to name this courthouse after him. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. Speaker, I also support this bill, as amended, which honors Judge Stagg by naming the Federal courthouse in Shreveport, Louisiana, after him. He served over 40 years, as was noted, as a district judge in the Western District of Louisiana. He was a lifelong Louisianan, who attended Louisiana State University for both his undergrad and law school education. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend my colleague, Mr. CARSON . As members of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, this isn’t unusual where we come together to do important bipartisan pieces of legislation to recognize some of America’s heroes. I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2754, which would name the U.S. Federal Court House in Shreveport, Louisiana after Tom Stagg. Judge Stagg’s legacy is one which speaks volumes of his exemplar character and distinguished career as a federal judge for the Western District of Louisiana. Upon graduation from high school, Judge Stagg valiantly served in WWII where he would rise to the rank of captain and earn the Combat Infantryman Badge, a Bronze Star for Valor, a second Bronze Star for meritorious service, and the Purple Heart with oak leaf cluster. The patriotism and dedication which he exhibited as a soldier was further built upon when he began his career as a jurist. He was nominated to serve as a federal judge for the Western District of Louisiana in 1974. He held the position as chief judge from 1984 to 1991, at which point he assumed senior status and maintained a full caseload until his passing in 2015. A detailed man who commanded respect whenever he entered a room, Judge Stagg was well known for his institutional knowledge, efficiency, and thoroughness during each and every case. He was heavily admired by his colleagues, many of whom believed that his character reflected the most honorable qualities of a judge. A pillar within his occupation and the salt within his community, Judge Stagg’s life was an example to us all. It is more than fitting to honor Judge Stagg’s service by naming this court house, a court house which he helped design, after him. I introduced companion legislation, H.R. 5011, in the House, and I am thankful that we are able to consider S. 2754 today. I ask my colleagues for their support. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEYDAVIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2754, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘An Act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
R.E. THOMASON FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5873) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5873 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5873. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, this is another example of bipartisanship in this great institution. H.R. 5873 would designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse. Mr. Speaker, as I notice one of my colleagues from Texas here in the Chamber, I will reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my distinguished colleague, who is willing to go beyond political boundaries to get things done for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I also support this bill, which names the Federal building and U.S. Courthouse in El Paso, Texas, after Judge Thomason. He served as prosecutor. State legislator, mayor, even U.S. Congressman, as well as a Federal Judge. In his career as a politician, he was known for his commitment to public works and economic development. In his second career as a Federal judge, he was acclaimed for even handling of highprofile cases and managing a considerable workload of civil and criminal cases. I urge my colleagues to join me in advancing this legislation, which honors a great judge for his dedication to the good of the public. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ). Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Indiana for yielding to me and for his support of this bill. I would also like to thank my colleague from Illinois for his kind words of support in recognizing the accomplishments of Robert Ewing Thomason, referred to as ‘‘R.E.’’ or ‘‘Ewing’’ by his friends in El Paso. Judge Thomason was truly the best among us, somebody who dedicated his life to public service and to serving others, and someone who really distinguished the community that I am so honored to serve, El Paso, Texas. He was first elected to the Texas House of Representatives in 1920 and, remarkably, for an El Pasoan and, really, for anyone in the State of Texas, in his second term only, he was elected by his fellow House members to be the Speaker of the House of Representatives in the State of Texas. This is an accomplishment to which no other El Pasoan since has ever been able to rise. This truly was the high water mark, at least in State politics, for an El Pasoan to reach. There he distinguished himself with his leadership and with his dedication, not just to our community, but to the State of Texas. He then served as the mayor of El Paso, Texas, from 1927 to 1930, where he both reflected and truly guided the growth of one of the great American cities and, certainly, the greatest Southwestern city at the time. He was responsible for attracting industry, promoting local businesses, and developing the first municipal airport in El Paso, Texas. He was then elected to the United States House of Representatives where, again, he served with distinction, rising to the level of the vice chairman of the Armed Services Committee during World War II—I would think, the period of the greatest stress and greatest demand for leadership out of that House committee—and again, he distinguished himself. But it is truly for his service as a Federal judge for the Western District of Texas that we now remember Judge Thomason. He heard thousands of cases, presided over thousands of citizenship ceremonies. But the case, Mr. Speaker, that I want to call to everyone’s attention began in 1954, when 12 African American El Pasoans attempted to enroll in what was then known as Texas Western College, today known as the University of Texas at El Paso, part of Texas’ University of Texas system. Thelma White and 11 friends, one of whom, Mildred Parish Tutt, is the mother of our colleague, BARBARA LEE, of Oakland, California, these 12 young El Pasoans attempted to enroll at Texas Western College; and, because of the segregation clause in our State’s constitution, they were barred entry. Thelma White, who became the lead plaintiff, enlisted the support and advocacy of future Supreme Court Jurist Thurgood Marshall to promote the idea that no institution of higher learning in the State of Texas should bar anyone, including the African American students in question. That case was heard in the courtroom of Judge Thomason, and, in 1955, he enjoined the State of Texas from barring these students from entry. They were able to go to Texas Western College. It absolutely shattered the concept and practice of allwhite higher education in the State of Texas. In fact, he decimated the segregation clause of our State’s constitution and destroyed one of the last bastions of segregation in the former Confederacy. How fitting that his courtroom was in the old Federal courthouse which, today, we seek to name in his honor. And even more fitting is the Tom Lea mural, one of our famous El Paso artists, the Tom Lea mural that graces this Federal courthouse, the old Federal courthouse in El Paso Texas. It has the following legend over the door: ‘‘O Pass of the North, Now the Old Giants Are Gone, We Little Men Live Where Heroes Once Walked the Inviolate Earth.’’ A very fitting description of one of the giants that preceded us in El Paso, Texas, Judge Thomason. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is amazing to be able to come to this floor and learn historical facts about other congressional districts. In my district, I am lucky enough to represent part of Abraham Lincoln’s old congressional district, so the history involved with Abraham Lincoln and what he meant to this country is something that our textbooks teach. We come to this House floor to learn about courageous people like Judge Thomason, who served in the executive branch as mayor of El Paso, the legislative branch in the State and here, and then served in the judicial branch. To be honored, I think it is a testament, and I, once again, want to commend my colleague, Mr. O’ROURKE , for bringing this to our attention and for 
allowing this honor to, hopefully, be bestowed upon that courthouse. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEYDAVIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5873. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VET CONNECT ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5162) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose to nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs health care providers certain medical records of veterans who receive health care from such providers. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5162 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vet Connect Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members would have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks or add any extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5162, the Vet Connect Act. Ensuring that veterans receive high quality care has been a top priority of mine and our committee, and as the access and accountability crisis of 2014 so clearly demonstrated, the Department of Veterans Affairs alone cannot provide the timely access to care that our veterans deserve. While the passage of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act 2 years ago has led to an increase in VA’s use of community providers to treat veteran patients and linked many veterans to care they would otherwise be waiting for, the Department’s struggle to adequately and consistently communicate with community partners about the veterans they are jointly caring for now has presented unnecessary challenges to VA’s care in the communities’ efforts. H.R. 5162 would correct this deficiency by requiring VA to share medical record information with community providers in order to provide care or treatment to a shared patient. Mr. Speaker, this would ensure that any provider caring for a VA patient, whether in a VA medical facility or in a private sector doctor’s office, has the information that they need to provide safe and quality care. H.R. 5162 is sponsored by my friend and colleague and fellow committee member, Congressman BETOO’ROURKE  from Texas. I am grateful to him for his efforts and his leadership in sponsoring this important legislation. This bill is supported by the American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, and the Vietnam Veterans of America, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5162, the Vet Connect Act of 2016. The bill is sponsored by my friend and classmate, Congressman BETOO’ROURKE . In 2014, when Congress passed the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act, we created a program called Choice, to make access to care easier for veterans who were unable to get an appointment at their local VA medical center. These veterans have now been able to get care closer to their home with the provider of their choice. However, current law prevented the community providers from getting records from the VA regarding the previous care veterans had received. This bill gives the VA authority to disclose certain medical records of veterans who receive nonVA care to community providers. Essentially, this would allow the VA to share health information with the veteran’s nonVA doctor without having HIPAA implications. Current treatments are already covered under HIPAA, and this bill would allow previous treatments to be disclosed, thereby improving the continuity of care. b1600 I commend my colleague from Texas for being a leader in ensuring safe, quality health care for veterans. He has been a champion for veterans in El Paso and has turned the concerns that he has heard from his constituents into thoughtful legislation that helps veterans across our country. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation and urge my colleagues to support this bill as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ), the author of this bill. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank my colleague, the ranking member, Mr. TAKANO from California, for his support and his work on the committee and not just promoting commonsense bills like these, but working across the aisle with colleagues on both sides to ensure that we move the concerns and the cares of veterans in this country forward. His leadership at this critical time is so important, and I am grateful for it. I would also like to thank the chairman of our committee, Mr. MILLER  from Florida, for his leadership in really ensuring that the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee remains one of the most important and perhaps one of the last refuges for bipartisanship in Congress. It is really through his leadership—and I have been lucky enough to serve with him now almost 4 years— that we have been able to do some really outstanding things for veterans in this country. I know that he would be the first to agree that we are not there yet. There is no ‘‘mission accomplished’’ banner that hangs behind us, but we have made extraordinary progress under his guidance and his willingness to work with Members from both sides of the aisle—all Members of the committee—and I am truly grateful for his support of this bill. I should also note, Mr. Speaker, that this bill is cosponsored by Dr. BENISHEK from Michigan, a stout defender of veterans and, from his medical background, someone who is uniquely capable of informing important legislation like this one. As both of the previous speakers have stated, this ensures that we connect veterans in our communities, the places that we represent, with the care that they have earned and that they deserve. In the VA today, we have an acknowledged shortage of 43,000 clinical positions. We have to acknowledge that we will not be able to see every single veteran in the instances when they most need care with current capacity within the VA. Therefore, it is incumbent upon us to ensure that we leverage the capacity of the doctors, nurses, and providers in the communities that we represent to the best of our ability. Critical to that is health information exchange records sharing so that the doctors in the community know what they need to know about the veteran they are about to see so they deliver the best, most informed care that they can possibly deliver, and that we get the best outcomes for these veterans. This bill ensures that we share medical information effectively, privately, conforming to HIPAA, maintaining the veteran’s privacy, and yet effectively ensure that that veteran gets the care that they have earned, that they need, 
that they deserve and that—thanks to this committee and its leadership— they are finally beginning to get. Those who are charged with ensuring that we coordinate care between the VA and private providers say that this is the most critical thing for us to do if we are to effectively share patient record information. It is estimated that today only about 3 percent of veterans proactively opt into this records sharing. That means that most of them are not getting the fully informed care that they would otherwise get. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in support of this bill, which would go a long way to ensuring that we do everything we can with the capacity both within the VA and outside the VA to deliver critical care to our veterans who are most in need. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing this legislation, H.R. 5162. I, once again, thank my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ) for his passionate advocacy for veterans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5162. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NO VETERANS CRISIS LINE CALL SHOULD GO UNANSWERED ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5392) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5392 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5392, the No Veterans Crisis Line Should Go Unanswered Act. The Department of Veterans Affairs established the Veterans Crisis Line to ensure that any veteran that was contemplating suicide would be able to call for help no matter the time and no matter the circumstance. Over time, VCL’s mission has expanded to include veterans facing all manners of personal emergencies, and the Veterans Crisis Line services have expanded to include a chat service and a texting operation. Yet the crisis line purpose has remained the same: to provide a place where veterans facing crisis would be able to get the help that they need any time of day or night. However, earlier this year, the VA Inspector General found that some calls to the crisis line were routed to backup crisis centers and ultimately sent to voice mail and that other line callers did not receive the immediate assistance that they desperately needed. The IG also noted that VA failed to provide a directive or handbook detailing the guidance necessary for the proper Veterans Crisis Line processes and procedures, and it failed to provide adequate orientation and training to crisis line staff, it failed to monitor contracted backup call centers, and experienced a number of quality assurance gaps. Though VA has assured us that these issues have been addressed and will never happen again, the risk of leaving a veteran in the midst of a crisis alone and without help is unacceptable to any Member of this body. H.R. 5392 would require that VA develops a quality assurance document that includes clearly defined and measurable performance standards with appropriate timelines and benchmarks to improve responsiveness and outcomes for the crisis line mainline and contracted backup call centers. It would also require VA to develop a plan to ensure that each telephone call, each text message, or other communications received by the crisis line mainline or at a contracted backup call center is answered in a timely manner by an appropriate, qualified live person, consistent with the guidance established by the American Association of Suicidology. This bill is sponsored by my friend and colleague, Congressman DAVID YOUNG from Iowa. I want to thank him for his efforts and his leadership on sponsoring this very important and, to some, very simple fix to something that needs to be taken care of. Nothing could be more important than guaranteed timely access to the veterans’ services and support that they need in an emergency situation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this commonsense piece of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding H.R. 5392, the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act. The Veterans Crisis Line actually provides three ways veterans can access help when they are in crisis. Veterans, servicemembers, and their loved ones can call the 1–800 number, send a text message, or chat online to receive free, confidential support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, even if they are not registered with VA or enrolled in VA health care. The responders at the Veterans Crisis Line are especially trained and experienced in helping veterans of all ages and circumstances, from those coping with mental health issues that were never addressed to recent veterans dealing with relationships or the transition back to civilian life. Since its launch in 2007 through May 2016, the Veterans Crisis Line has answered over 2.3 million calls and initiated the dispatch of emergency services to callers in imminent crisis nearly 61,000 times. This bill requires improvements to the Veterans Crisis Line by having the 
VA create quality assurance guidelines that will include clearly defined and measurable performance indicators and objectives to improve the responsiveness and performance of the Veterans Crisis Line. The bill also requires the VA to develop a plan to ensure that each telephone call, text message, and other communications received by the Veterans Crisis Line is answered in a timely manner by a person, consistent with the guidance established by the American Association of Suicidology. As Suicide Prevention Awareness Month comes to a close, Congress must take these necessary steps to improve the Veterans Crisis Line for all veterans who depend on it. I support this legislation, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I am proud to introduce the sponsor of this important piece of legislation. The gentleman is from the Third District of Iowa, from the small town of Van Meter, Iowa, home to Bob ‘‘The Heater From Van Meter.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I introduced the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act, H.R. 5392, a bipartisan piece of legislation, doing this after hearing from a constituent who called the Veterans Crisis Line for help but never was connected to a live person. Though I have spoken on the floor about this issue before, as well as others, I remain deeply concerned with the many struggles and challenges our veterans face as they transition from Active Duty to civilian life and beyond. These are brave women and men who have sacrificed much in service to their country. Now, our servicemembers have given up holidays, missed birthdays, weddings, and other important life events of their family members, communities, and friends. They have been mobilized or deployed to some of the most volatile regions of the world for months on end, and the list goes on. They are our friends, family, and neighbors, and they make significant sacrifices because they believe in this great Nation and strive to protect the freedoms we have guaranteed. Now, unfortunately, more and more veterans carry deep scars—emotional war wounds—ones we cannot see. These men and women deserve our support. Now, our country has a responsibility to ensure our brave veterans not only have the benefits that they have earned, but have access to services and resources intended to help them through the storms of life. Mr. Speaker, it is hard for anyone to ask for help sometimes, and the sad fact is today and every day this week, 20 veterans will take their lives. So it is unacceptable for any veteran who is reaching out for help and a listening ear to be turned away unanswered, especially when help may mean the difference between life and death. That is why I introduced, with bipartisan support from my colleagues, legislation to make critical improvements to the Veterans Crisis Line. This bipartisan bill requires the VA to create and implement documented plans to improve responsiveness and performance of the crisis line—an important step to ensure our veterans have unimpeded access to the mental health resources that they need. Even the VA has acknowledged these problems, which were also documented in two separate investigations conducted by the VA Office of Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office. This bill drives accountability within the Veterans Crisis Line, ensuring any call or text or messages are answered, and ensuring the quality processes, including those guiding staff training, are addressed and provided to Congress. b1615 Our men and women in uniform have answered our Nation’s call, and we must work to do better and ensure their calls do not go unanswered. Mr. Speaker, I want to especially thank Chairman MILLER and his staff for working so closely with me on this bill. It is a pleasure serving with him, and his leadership on these issues will be missed in his retirement. September is National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month. It is only fitting that we pass this bill today to help our veterans. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ), my colleague and friend, the highest ranking noncommissioned officer to serve in Congress. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) for his unwavering work for the care of our veterans. And to the chairman, as has been noted so often, at a time when partisanship seems to win the day or be on the news, I can assure him that the care of our Nation’s veterans knows no political boundaries, and the work that has been done should be noted. I also want to thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) for bringing this bill forward. Like everything in life, there is a symmetry to things, and I think the story of how we got to this point might be well spoken or told. The gentleman represents the Third District of Iowa, the new one. Back in 2006, there was a young Army Reservist named Joshua Omvig, who grew up in a small community in Iowa, literally down the road from where they filmed ‘‘Field of Dreams.’’ He returned from Iraq a week before Thanksgiving in 2006 and joined his family at that most American of all holidays to be back together. That evening of Thanksgiving, Joshua took his own life in front of his mother. The crushing loss of a son, the crushing loss of a son of the Midwest was overwhelming. But the Omvigs did something that Americans do and something that this Nation always does. They turned their grief into action. They went to their Congressman at that time in the old Third District, Lieutenant Colonel Leonard Boswell, himself a decorated Vietnam veteran and helicopter pilot. They put together what then became the Joshua Omvig Veterans Suicide Prevention Act. This was back in 2007, when nobody was talking about 20 veterans a day and no one was talking about mental health and no one was talking much about transition. We were in the heart of the Iraq war. We were in Afghanistan. Our veterans were coming back, and, rightfully noted, we were unprepared for them. In this piece of legislation, there are a couple of sections in here that are very clear on what Mr. YOUNG ’s legislation does—exactly what it should do and what this Congress should do—provide oversight and improve on legislation. Section 1720F said that the VA would establish 24hour mental health care. In carrying out the comprehensive program, the Secretary shall provide for mental health care availability to veterans on a 24hour basis. It would establish a hotline to carry this out, and the Secretary would provide a tollfree hotline for veterans to be staffed by appropriately trained mental health professionals. And for those who don’t think that that was needed, since that time, 2.5 million calls have been made to that hotline, 300,000 online chats, and 55,000 texts. When someone calls that line, they are at a breaking point. One of our warriors is at a point where they had nowhere else to turn. The intent of this Congress and this Nation—not Democrat, not Republican—was to provide them the resources and the trained personnel necessary. What was noted in a GAO report, what Mr. YOUNG has noted, and what this committee has noted is that the VA was not fulfilling fully what they should have. If one veteran falls through the cracks, we have failed. I don’t care if 2.5 million were picked up. If 2.5 million plus one, and that last one was not picked up, we have failed. Mr. YOUNG ’s piece of legislation is simple, eloquent, asks the VA to do what they are supposed to do, and then do what should expected: report back to Congress so that we can provide our oversight ability. I want to thank the chairman, the ranking member, and this committee for doing exactly what we are supposed to do. We are supposed to make sure that the VA fulfills the commitment that the United States and its citizens want to care for every single veteran that is out there. This was a smart piece of legislation. It was championed by the parents of a warrior who took his own life. 
And keep in mind, when this was championed, we did not even bury our veterans who took their own lives with military honors because it was still something we didn’t talk about. It was believed that they weren’t casualties of war. In the 10 years since that time, we have made strides, we have made progress, and we understand that the cost of war continues on. I want to thank Mr. YOUNG for continuing the legacy that comes out of Iowa, the deep care for those that serve in our heartland, continuing the bipartisan legacy of the Third District of Iowa to improve on a really smart, needed piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this, and I encourage this body to continue to find ways to solve problems, work together, and show that, when it comes to unity around our veterans, there is not an inch of daylight between the two sides of this body. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Second District of Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). He is from the metropolis of Oakland, Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for recognizing that Oakland, Maine, is a central Maine metropolis, and I thank the chairman for quickly bringing this very important bipartisan bill to the floor. I want to salute the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ), the Congressman who has been in the lead with respect to this issue. Mr. Speaker, when I was a boy growing up in central Maine, our brave men and women in uniform who were returning from the battlefield in Vietnam were not treated well. I remember those days, and a lot of us also do. I believe our country, Mr. Speaker, has learned a lesson that that shall never happen again. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, today, 22 veterans commit suicide in our country every day, and the majority of those veterans have served in Vietnam. When one of our veterans, any veteran, is in trouble and they call the crisis hotline, we need to make sure that those phones are answered and the individuals on the other end, our heroes, are not hung up on, inadvertently or otherwise. We need to make sure we take care of our veterans. Mr. Speaker, in the State of Maine, we love our veterans. The character of our country is measured in great part by how we treat our veterans. I am thrilled to cosponsor this bill because it will help correct this issue. I would like to close, Mr. Speaker, with a quote from George Washington: ‘‘The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive how the veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by their nation.’’ Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. YOUNG for bringing this important legislation to the floor. I encourage everybody in this Chamber, Republicans and Democrats, to get behind this terrific bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ), who is also a member of the Hawaiian National Guard and an Iraq war veteran. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, not too long ago, I was woken up abruptly one morning by a text message from a friend of mine that I had both served and trained with in the Army. His message was alarming because it came after many months of struggle in his life: nightmares, posttraumatic stress, many late nights staying up selfmedicating with alcohol, troubles with his family, and a constant desire coming from him that the only way he knew how to deal with the challenges that he had was to deploy again and again and again. Finally, he was home and he got to a point where he felt comfortable asking for help. He summoned up the courage one day—he was at his civilian job during the day—finally to call his local VA hotline, and he got a voicemail. This strong, battleworn, courageous infantryman broke down in tears and ran out of the office building where he worked. His frustration and disappointment and even heartbreak was palpable that, even as he had spent so many years of his life answering the call to duty again and again and again, sacrificing so much, at that one moment that he made that very difficult decision to finally ask for help, no one was there. No one answered the phone. He detailed this in a text message to me. I immediately called him and spent a couple of hours on the phone with him talking things through. I thanked him—he said: Sorry for bothering you about this—but I thanked him for making that call and letting me know what happened to him, giving me the opportunity to not only see how I could help him as my friend, but to see how we collectively can take action to help all of our brothers and sisters, unfortunately, many of whom are going through challenges that are not so different from his. Just a few days ago, a veteran in my district called the Veterans Crisis Line for the first time. Her psychologist had encouraged her to place a test call to the crisis line so she could feel comfortable with how it worked, she could see how it worked, and she would feel comfortable making that phone call in the future if she got to a point where she needed it at a point of emergency. So she called that number with her psychologist and they waited on hold for 24 minutes. It took 24 minutes before someone finally answered the phone. Now, I can tell you, when I call the airlines to change a reservation or when I call the bank to deal with an issue, I get frustrated when I get placed on hold for 5 minutes or 10 minutes. I feel like this is a waste of my time and I am going to hang up the phone. It is virtually impossible for most people to understand that, when someone has a bottle of prescription drugs in their hand or a gun or they are on the verge of taking their own life and they are sitting on hold for 24 minutes, what do we think the outcome will be? Sometimes we are seeing that the shortcomings and gaps of the VA and these help lines have been filled by phone call networks that have been slapped together by troops, whether they are soldiers or marines or airmen or sailors, who are looking out for their buddy, doing what they can to make sure that everyone has got each other’s phone numbers so that, if you get to that point where you need help, you have got someone to call who is going to answer the phone, who is going to talk you down from the edge, helping to make sure that, after they have survived the rigors and horrors of war and combat, they have a chance to live in peace when they come home. With the average of 22 veterans who go through all of that and who do come home yet are still taking their lives every single day, we cannot afford to give up. We cannot afford 24 minutes on hold. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Hawaii an additional 30 seconds. Ms. GABBARD. This is why I strongly support and have cosponsored this critical piece of legislation, and I commend my colleague from Iowa for introducing it, H.R. 5392, the No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act. This bill establishes quality standards and metrics to make sure that every call to the Veterans Crisis Line is answered quickly and by a live trained person. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in passing this legislation today because the lives of our veterans depend on it. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation. I thank my colleagues who came to the floor to speak in support of H.R. 5392. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge all of my colleagues on my side of the aisle to please join me in supporting this particular piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5392. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
VETERANS EMERGENCY TREATMENT ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3216) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the emergency hospital care furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to certain veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3216 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Emergency Treatment Act’’ or the ‘‘VET Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. b1630 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3216, the Veterans Emergency Treatment—or VET— Act. It should be common sense, if a veteran is in need of medical attention and arrives on the grounds of a Department of Veterans Affairs medical facility, that veteran would be seen, assessed, and treated immediately. However, recently, a veteran who experienced a medical emergency in Washington State traveled as far as the parking lot of his local VA emergency room before finding he could go no further, and he called the VA and asked for help in making it through the doors. He was told by the VA staff who answered his call that he should hang up and dial 911. To hear the VA staff express an unwillingness or an apprehension about assisting a veteran in the midst of his having a medical emergency in its own parking lot is not only unacceptable, it is emblematic of how much the VA has lost its way. H.R. 3216 would require the VA to determine whether a medical emergency exists among any enrolled veteran who presents at a VA facility and would prohibit the VA from transferring a medically unstable veteran unless the veteran submits a written request to be transferred or it finds that it is clinically unnecessary. It would also prohibit the VA from taking an adverse action against any employee who refuses to authorize a transfer or who prevents the VA from delaying needed care by inquiring about payment method or insurance status. This legislation would help ensure that, in the case of a medical emergency, a veteran’s health remains the number one priority, which is where it should always belong. This bill is sponsored by my friend and colleague, Congressman DAN NEWHOUSE from Washington State. I am grateful to him for sponsoring this measure, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in support of it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in regard to H.R. 3216, the Veterans Emergency Treatment Act. This bill requires that, if an enrolled veteran in the VA requests treatment at a VA Emergency Department, he or she will get that examination or treatment whether or not it is related to a serviceconnected condition. It also prohibits the VA from transferring a patient to another facility without its having the written consent of that veteran unless a physician deems the transfer medically necessary. It further prohibits the VA from taking adverse action against any VA employee in his refusing to authorize the transfer of an enrolled veteran if it is contrary to the veteran’s wishes. The purpose of this legislation is to have the VA follow the Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from the Fourth District of Washington State (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding me some time to speak on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, President Abraham Lincoln once famously charged all Americans with the responsibility ‘‘to care for him who shall have borne the battle.’’ If you speak with veterans today, you will learn that the quality of health care provided to them, many times, does not reflect this duty. In recent years, we have learned of multiple incidents in which the VA has failed to provide emergency care to veterans in need. In addition to the incidents that happened in my home State, another notable incident occurred in New Mexico, in the year 2014, when a veteran collapsed in the cafeteria of a VA facility, and he ultimately died when the VA refused to transport him 500 yards across the campus to the ER. My legislation will ensure that every enrolled veteran who arrives at the Emergency Department of a VA medical facility and who seeks emergency treatment is assessed and treated in order to prevent further injury or death. This is accomplished by applying the statutory requirements of the Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act, or EMTALA, to emergency care that is furnished by the VA to our veterans. This is a 1986 Federal statute that grants every individual a Federal right to emergency care. It requires a hospital to conduct a medical examination to determine if an emergency medical condition exists. If one does, then the hospital must either stabilize the patient or effectuate a proper transfer at the patient’s request. Currently, VA hospitals are considered to be nonparticipating hospitals and, therefore, are not obligated to fulfill the requirements of EMTALA. The VET Act will remove the nonparticipating designation from VA hospitals and require them to fulfill the requirements of EMTALA, just as every other hospital does. Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to support and pass H.R. 3216. It is time we ensure that our veterans receive proper medical treatment during emergency medical situations, all without requiring additional spending. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3216, the Veterans Emergency Treatment Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to support Mr. NEWHOUSE ’s piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3216. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1832 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at 6 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I was not present during votes on September 26, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5392 and ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 3537. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5978) to amend title 14, United States Code, to clarify the functions of the Chief Acquisition Officer of the Coast Guard, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5978 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a certificate of documentation with a coastwise endorsement for the vessel Apollonia (United States official number 1266527). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5978. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before we talk about H.R. 5978, I would like to talk about what is not in this bill, which is probably one of the most important things that is my duty, Mr. GARAMENDI ’s duty, and the Coast Guard’s duty to get done—and that is build a polar icebreaker. Let me tell you why there is no polar icebreaker in this bill: the CBO couldn’t get their act together in time to score this one way or another. So, again, this body is held ransom by the Congressional Budget Office not scoring something one way or another, whether it is good to go or not. The reason it is so important that we have more polar icebreakers and that we included the language that passed the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee last week is this: we do not have 24/7, 365day polar icebreaking ability for the Arctic. The Russians have over 40 polar icebreakers. That is over 40, some of which are even nuclear. China has got more than 20 now. The United States only has one that is capable of crushing heavy ice, and even that is not available 24/7, 365. The High Latitude Region Mission Analysis revealed the following Coast Guard missions—defense readiness; ice operations; marine environmental protection; and ports, waterways, and coastal security in the Arctic—were significantly impacted by the gap in this mission performance. It is these gaps and the knowledge that, when the Polar Star reaches the end of its extended service life, we will have a period where the Coast Guard doesn’t have a heavy icebreaker at all, let alone what it has now, which is limited capability in the Arctic. Progress is being made on the acquisition front. Mr. GARAMENDI and I and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee granted the Coast Guard the capability to do block buys, which is what the Navy has, where you can purchase more than one vessel at a time, which saves billions of dollars. We also gave them the ability to have leadtime materials, which means they could buy the materials way in advance, which would save tens of millions of dollars. The Coast Guard now has this ability for the FRC and the OPC. We want them to have it for the icebreaker as well, but because of the CBO not scoring this, we weren’t able to get the language in. Here is the specific language that is missing from H.R. 5978: ‘‘The Commandant of the Coast Guard, subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance in subsequent appropriations acts may enter into a contract for the acquisition of no less than three heavy polar icebreakers; and may enter into a contract for acquisition of additional polar icebreakers, except that the total number of icebreakers acquired under this subsection may not exceed six.’’ We are talking about three. Right now we have one. ‘‘Such acquisitions may be made through block buy contracts; may be incrementally funded; may include combined purchases, also known as economic order quantity purchases, of materials and components; and long lead time materials; and may include advance construction funding.’’ This is what the Navy has for every ship that they make. This is one reason we created a joint program office between the Coast Guard and the Navy, so that the Navy can push the Coast Guard to do the right thing. The Coast Guard, let it be said, at the best, has been dragging their feet on acquiring these icebreakers. In fact, they have been pushing back against Congress every inch of the way on this. In my point of view, this is just like UAVs, or the unmanned aerial vehicles that we have now, Predators and the like. Congress earmarked those because the Air Force did not want pilotless airplanes. Then you would have to get rid of pilots. So the Air Force pushed back day and night in the late nineties and this Congress earmarked Predator drones. That is why we have Predator drones. The military pushed back against MineResistant Ambush Protected vehicles, also known as MRAP vehicles, which have saved thousands of lives in Iraq and Afghanistan, also pushed by Congress, not the U.S. military. In things like this, Congress is able to see things outside the box, which the Coast Guard cannot in this case. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) has been an extraordinary leader on trying to address a critical need that the United States has. The Arctic Ocean is opening. There is not only a Northwest Passage, but there is a Northeast Passage. And this year, just a couple of weeks ago—less than 2 weeks ago—a cruise ship passed through the Northwest Passage without the aid of an icebreaker. We absolutely have to have a polar icebreaker. As the chairman said, we have one icebreaker today, and it is going to go in for overhaul. When it does, we have no heavy icebreaker either for the North Pole or the South Pole. We are in trouble. We have to have this. The U.S. Navy has to have it. U.S. security has to have it. And certainly for the commerce in the Arctic, we have to have it. It is a reality. The Arctic Ocean is opening. Commerce will take place. And it will also need military availability in that area. The legislation that is before us today does not have the proper language in it because of CBO sitting on 
their duff and doodling numbers when we know we need this language. The Senate appropriations bill has a billion dollars for icebreakers, but there is no authorization. Unfortunately, because of our rules here, we had to strip the language out. Later, we hope to put the language back in, but it is not available today. We have to have this. We go back meeting after meeting, hearing after hearing, year after year, 4 or 5 years that we have been working on this, and then, at the very last moment, CBO can’t get its act together. Well, I am sorry, CBO. We ought to waive the rules and get on with what we need to do here, which is to provide the authorization. The language that the chairman has worked out with me and others would not only provide the authorization, but would do it in such a way as to give us the very best possible financial deal on the construction of icebreakers—that is a block buy—and also authorizing, should the money be available in the future, an additional three lighter icebreakers beyond the three heavy icebreakers. Not to say we are going to build it all at once, but the authorization is in the law. That then allows the Coast Guard to properly line it up for the very best deal that we can get, maybe one at a time, maybe two or three over a 5 or 10year period of time. Unfortunately, that language had to be stripped out. So when the chairman started his explanation of this bill, he did so to call all of our attention to what is not in the bill that should have been in the bill, but for CBO and the rules that we have that require us to have CBO’s accounting before we move an authorization. That is where we are today. Unfortunately, it is where we are. So we are going to move this bill along. We will probably—hopefully—come back before this session is over in the lameduck session and write this thing properly. Unfortunately, today we are not there. There is more to be said about the rest of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, now we are going to get back to H.R. 5978, which is a very good bill in and of itself that, once again, doesn’t have the language that we tried to get in. H.R. 5978, the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Amendments Act of 2016, is a catchall bill that addresses a number of different Coast Guard and maritime transportation issues. The bill involves improvements to the Coast Guard acquisition authorities to ensure the acquisition program keeps in mind the needs of Coast Guard operating units when acquiring assets. This provision also requires an analysis on the use of multiyear procurement and block buy authorities related to the purchase of Fast Response Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and polar icebreakers, but just a report. We already know from watching the Navy do business for the last few decades that block buys save hundreds of millions of dollars. At the request of the GAO, the bill repeals a GAO report regarding disbursements from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. The information that was collected by GAO will be incorporated into an existing Coast Guard report. Due to certain recent weather events impacting a Coast Guard pier in Wilmington, North Carolina, the Coast Guard is required to issue a onetime report detailing short and longterm plans to replace and maintain the pier. Certain fishing industries will be assisted by the bill, including those that would be affected by a prescribed Alternative Safety Compliance Program to be issued by the Coast Guard by January 1, 2017. If the service does not issue the program by January 1, 2017, which is hopefully the case, the bill would provide a 3year window for industry compliance from the date the Coast Guard issues the program. It has been a longterm interest for many, including Ranking Member GARAMENDI , who has been instrumental—and I would say more instrumental than myself—in preparing the language included in this legislation that there be a reliable landbased positioning, navigation, and timing system to complement, supplement, and back up the Global Positioning System that we now use, the GPS. We have all seen what the Chinese can do now in knocking down satellites. If our GPS goes out, there is no other way for us to navigate the oceans or to navigate land. The eLoran system does this to ensure the continuous availability of uncorrupted or nondegraded signals for military and civilian users. The bill directed the Coast Guard to establish and maintain such a backup system. b1915 Aids to navigation are important tools that allow vessels to safely navigate waterways. The bill would allow the Commandant, subject to appropriations, to reimburse a nonFederal entity for costs incurred by that entity to construct and establish an aid to navigation that would otherwise be constructed by the Coast Guard. Aids to navigation facilitate safe and efficient maritime transportation on federally authorized navigation channels. Specific conditions for reimbursement are outlined. Reimbursements for a single project are limited to $5 million, and the authority expires 4 years after the date of enactment of the bill. There are concerns with the Coast Guard’s Western Alaska Captain of the Port Zone approving alternate planning criteria for areas covering only a portion of the zone. This action would create two adjacent areas with different levels of prevention and response preparedness. This bill requires public notice, an economic study, and a report to Congress on the study before approval of any criteria not covering the full Western Alaska zone. Lastly, the bill makes a variety of technical changes to provisions in enacted Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I join Chairman HUNTER in strong support for the legislation and to advance this new policy initiative to improve the oversight of the Coast Guard and the major acquisition programs, and also to advance the safety and security of the U.S. maritime industry. H.R. 5978, the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Amendments Act, is bipartisan legislation. We have talked about some of the provisions that are not in the bill. I will try to talk about those that are in the bill. It deserves the robust support from Members on both sides of the aisle, and I urge its quick passage, probably as early as today. I thank the gentleman, Mr. HUNTER , for his unwavering support of the Coast Guard and the work that we are able to do together with the members of the committee. Of great significance, this legislation will address an overlooked and underappreciated threat to our national and economic security: the fact that GPS, Global Positioning System, it has been identified for nearly 20 years as the single point of failure, with serious implications for our national security and economy. I know we are not able to use these little machines called cell phones on the floor, but if we could, they are totally reliant on GPS. You go down to the ATM, it will not work without GPS. Our systems of navigation, including such things as positive train control, totally dependent upon GPS. In fact, Wall Street, totally dependent on GPS. It is timing, navigation, and positioning. That is GPS. We have no backup; other countries do. You might ask, why is China, why is Russia, why are they building a GLANbased backup to GPS? Well, they know that if there is trouble, the first thing that is going to disappear is GPS. Right now, GPS can be knocked out by somebody driving down the freeway with their 18wheeler and using an antiradar device. You might ask what happened at the Newark airport. That is exactly what happened. GPS was knocked out by somebody on Interstate 95 with a radar device. It is a very weak signal, but it is an extraordinarily important signal. So this bill provides for a backup system which has been discussed for nearly 20 
years, and we have gone round and round the Bush—I guess that is the right thing—and the Clinton, in between, without any action. So this bill would actually push this forward to give us an opportunity to establish a backup system, which is actually very old but will be updated with the enhanced LORAN system, dating back to the 1940s, which was the first navigational system that we built in the United States. Much of the system is already available; the towers, the locations, much of that is in place. This would authorize a publicprivate partnership to put that in place. I won’t go into it anymore, but it is high time that we get on with this. The chairman laid out how it is going to be done in his talk and, hopefully, we can finally get this underway. There are many, many other pieces that are in this legislation. We have talked a little bit about the Coast Guard icebreakers. We do have a study—oh, my goodness, another study. It is the best we could do at the moment. The chairman and I talked about what we would like to accomplish with more than that with his actual authorization. The block buy, we have got to do it, and, hopefully, we will. There are other things that are in the bill that the chairman has described. I won’t go into them today in any more detail but to say that, in my written statement, it will be covered. One more thing, to back up the GPS, I include in the RECORD about 15 years of studies by Federal Government agencies that all say we have got to have a backup system, and the eLORAN is the best. Mr. Chairman, shall we continue on and beat this for a while longer or shall we say let’s pass the bill and get on with it? I am pleased to rise and join Chairman HUNTER in strong support of this legislation to advance new policy initiatives to improve the oversight of the Coast Guard’s major acquisition programs and to advance the safety and security of the U.S. maritime industry. H.R. 5978, the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Amendments Act of 2016, is bipartisan legislation that was developed to address issues that have arisen since the Congress passed a twoyear comprehensive Coast Guard authorization bill earlier this year. This legislation is deserving of robust support from members on both sides of the aisle and I urge its quick passage by the House today so it can be sent to the other body for its consideration and passage before the 114th Congress adjourns sine die. I want to thank Chairman HUNTER for his unwavering leadership and for the cooperative spirit of this excellent staff in working with me and other Democratic members to address our interests and concerns in this legislation. Of greatest significance, this legislation will address an overlooked need and underappreciated threat to our national and economic security—the fact that the Global Positioning System, or GPS, has been identified as a single point of failure with serious implications for our national security and economy. GPS has revolutionized how we live, work, and play. Signals provided by GPS satellites ensure that literally everything that we routinely depend on not only runs, but runs with unprecedented reliability and precision. We have all benefitted from GPS: whether through the distribution of power from our electric grid; the coordination of timing signals for trains and traffic signals; or, to improve the efficiency of maritime search and rescue missions launched by the Coast Guard. There is no denying that GPS has been a tremendous technological asset. But the reality is that GPS signals are relatively weak and fairly easy to degrade, disrupt or jam. This is not a hypothetical matter; this threat is real, and it is happening now. Just last week, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, Admiral Paul Zukunft, while speaking at a National Harbor Safety Conference in Portland, Oregon, cited over 100 instances in which vessels experienced disruption to their GPS reception. There is nothing we can do to change the underlying physics of the GPS signal. We can, however, take necessary and appropriate actions now to ensure that a reliable landbased backup system for positioning, navigation and timing signals is available when needed. Moreover, if the Russians, the Chinese, the EU, and other nations are developing land based GPS backup systems, the United States should have its own system as well. Since 2001 the Federal Government, notably the PNT Executive Committee, has been evaluating options. The Executive Committee concluded in December, 2014 that an enhanced LORAN, or eLORAN system, would be the most costeffective and reliable backup for GPS signals. What this legislation will do is force the Federal Government to finally take action on its own recommendation. The Coast Guard, which for decades operated the LORANC navigation system (the predecessor of GPS), would be directed to publish a request for proposals, complete a plan for the architecture of an eLORAN system, and get a system built and fully operational within three years. Make no mistake, this is a significant undertaking. But the stakes of doing nothing is a risky roll of the dice we would be welladvised to avoid. I strongly urge members on both sides to support this important provision. I am also very pleased that this legislation continues to move forward in our efforts to recapitalize the Coast Guard’s legacy fleet of polar class heavy icebreakers. It is clear that we are witnessing the opening of the Arctic to maritime commerce, and with it, the creation of a whole new ocean of operational responsibility for the Coast Guard. In this most challenging of maritime environments, it is vital that the Service has the icebreaking capabilities it will need to operate safely and effectively. I must express my disappointment that we were unable to retain the ‘‘block buy’’ provision that was reported out of the Transportation Committee. Nevertheless, the analysis of multiyear procurement and block buy contracting called for in this legislation would be helpful to have on hand when the Congress ultimately does appropriate funds for the construction of these vital new national security assets. I also want to express my support for other provisions in the bill, notably language that will ensure commercial fishermen a full three years to comply with new alternative safety compliance program requirements from the date the Coast Guard publishes these requirements. Additionally, I want to express my support for the provision that would grant to the Coast Guard authority to reimburse private entities for their costs to construct a Federal navigation aid. The additional sideboards that were added have clarified the scope and intent of this new authority. I want to thank Congressman BLAKE FARENTHOLD for his willingness to work to improve this provision. Mr. Speaker, I again want to express my appreciation to Chairman HUNTER and his staff for their support for the Coast Guard and the U.S. Maritime industry, and for their collaboration in developing this legislation. I also want to thank the Chairman of the full Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Congressman BILLSHUSTER , and the Ranking Member on the full Committee, Congressman PETER DEFAZIO, for their leadership and support for the Committee’s maritime agenda. In closing, this legislation is bipartisan and noncontroversial. It deserves the full support of the House. 
NSPD–39: U.S. S PACE BASED POSITION , NAVIGATION , AND TIMING POLICY , DECEMBER 15, 2004 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. There are a lot of good things in it for the Nation. As a former computer technician, I know there is nothing worse than a single point of failure in the network. GPS is a single point of failure for a lot of things; eLORAN is absolutely must have. We can talk about what is not in the bill as well, but I do want to talk about a section that is specifically important to the district I represent. Section 202 grants the authority for the Coast Guard to reimburse nonFederal entities for the cost of construction to certain aids to navigation. This authority ensures these types of safetyrelated navigation projects can move forward in a timely fashion. We are all too aware of how slow the government can be, especially when it comes to funding projects, so we have come up with a way here where we can work with nonFederal partners to improve the safety of our navigation system. It doesn’t cost the government anything. The nonFederal partners go ahead and put in the equipment up to Coast Guard standards with Coast Guard approval and get it done now; and then, when the Coast Guard gets the money, when the red tape and government machine moves through its procedure, they can get reimbursed, while our mariners can enjoin the enhanced safety and our ports can enjoy 
the enhanced economic activity as a result of being able to, for instance, traverse channels in lowlight conditions. It is safety. It is good for the economy. In fact, one of the problems that brought this to my attention was when there was a project in Corpus Christi, the La Quinta Channel. Somehow, the aids to navigation never got built, even though this channel has been dredged and is in use. The pilots say it is unsafe to use in lowlight conditions, and it looks like it could be years before the Coast Guard gets around to funding it. Well, the Port of Corpus Christi is willing to pony up the money today. The Coast Guard says: All right; when we get it, we will give it back. This piece of legislation allows that to happen. It is good government, along with lots of other pieces of this legislation, something we need to pass, and I urge my colleagues to gitrdone. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We need polar icebreakers. This body is going to push; Mr. GARAMENDI and I are going to push and push until we have polar icebreakers and we have at least 
1⁄140the capability of Russia. That is a pretty low bar that we are setting for ourselves, but we are going to set it right here, right now, in this body. Let’s at least have 
1⁄140of the capability or Russia, build those polar icebreakers. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 5978. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the following materials: 
EXELIS , U RSANAV, THE DEPARTMENT OF  HOMELAND SECURITY AND THE U.S. C OAST  GUARD ENTER AGREEMENT TO TRIAL GROUND BASED POSITION , NAVIGATION AND  TIMING SIGNAL  HERNDON , VA, May 22, 2015.—Exelis (NYSE: XLS), UrsaNav, Inc., the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Technology Directorate (DHS S&T), and the U.S. Coast Guard have entered into a cooperative research and development agreement (CRADA) for testing and demonstration at former LORANC sites. These sites are the legacy groundbased radio navigation infrastructure of the decommissioned LORANC service that could be retained and upgraded to provide eLORAN low frequency service. The team will evaluate eLORAN as a potential complementary system to the current Global Positioning System (GPS) currently in wide use throughout the United States. The capabilities and potential utilization methods of eLORAN will be explored in depth to identify all strengths, capacities, and potential vulnerabilities of the technology. Under the CRADA, Exelis will use the former LORANC assets to put eLORAN signals in space for research, test and demonstration of the ability of eLORAN to meet precise positioning, navigation and timing (PNT) requirements of government and privatelyowned critical infrastructure. The first station Exelis will broadcast from is located in Wildwood, NJ. The broadcast will provide a usable signal at a range up to 1000 miles. ‘‘eLORAN is an ideal technology to complement GPS for critical, resilient and assured PNT,’’ said Ed Sayadian, vice president of Civil & Aerospace Systems for Exelis. ‘‘eLORAN is a difficult to disrupt technology that offers PNT and wide area broadcast data capabilities indoors, in underground locations and other GPSdenied environments.’’ ‘‘A preponderance of government, academic, and industry reports have concluded that eLORAN is the best independent, multi modal solution to provide assured PNT as a complement to GPS,’’ said Chuck Schue, president and CEO of UrsaNay. Exelis and UrsaNav have entered into this CRADA because they believe that low frequency signals, such as eLORAN, operate independently of GPS signals and can provide alternative timing, either standalone, or as a component of a PNT service. Exelis also believes that as a result of its wealth of experience in its PNT portfolio, that there are many civil and defense applications that require precise time and/or position in GPS denied environments. Examples include radio frequency interference, both intentional and unintentional; signal attenuation from heavy forest canopy, terrain or buildings; and indoor and underground locations. About UsaNav: UrsaNav, Inc. is a Veteran Owned and ServiceDisabled VeteranOwned Small Business focused on delivering innovative engineering and information solutions, and associated professional services to government and commercial clients worldwide. UrsaNav is the World’s leading supplier of eLORAN technology, equipment, and services with deep experience in the design, development, and deployment of PNT systems. For more information, visit our website at www.ursanay.com. About Exelis: Exelis is a diversified, top tier global aerospace, defense, information and services company that leverages a greater than 50year legacy of deep customer knowledge and technical expertise to deliver affordable, missioncritical solutions for global customers. Exelis is a leader in positioning and navigation, sensors, air traffic management solutions, image processing and distribution, communications and information systems; and focused on strategic growth in the areas of critical networks, ISR and analytics, electronic warfare and composite aerostructures. Headquartered in McLean, Virginia, Exelis employs approximately 10,000 people and generated 2014 sales of approximately $3.3 billion. For more information, visit our website at www.exelisinc.com. 
DECEMBER 8, 2015. Hon. PETER A. D EFAZIO, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN DEFAZIO: Thank you for your August 31, 2015, letter regarding the importance of the Global Positioning System (GPS) and the need for a complementary positioning, navigation, and timing (PNT) capability for the nation. We share your concerns regarding the importance of GPS to our critical infrastructure and security requirements. Seeking to implement the guidance from National Security Presidential Directive 39, the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Department of Transportation established an interagency process in 2014 to assess those information sources that are complementary to GPS and that could be used to ensure the continuity of PNT services to critical infrastructure. Through this interagency process, the National SpaceBased PNT Executive Committee (EXCOM) reviewed several potential solutions and assessed that an enhanced Loran (eLoran) network could be a viable nationwide complementary capability for GPS applications in U.S. critical infrastructure. The EXCOM also assessed that a timingfocused network could be implemented in the near term with properly scoped specifications, costs, and cost sharing arrangements. As you stated, there may be opportunities to work with private and commercial entities to initiate these complementary capabilities. The EXCOM met on September 3, 2015, and agreed to a twofold strategy for activities to explore a national complementary capability to GPS: pursue potential nearterm opportunities to leverage public and private sector capabilities and resources to support a timingfocused eLoran network, while also documenting the requirements for a more comprehensive complementary PNT capability for the nation’s critical infrastructure. The EXCOM acknowledges the challenges associated with this undertaking, especially given the fact that no governmentwide set of requirements has been established for such a complementary capability. However, sufficient data exists from previous studies to produce initial cost estimates and basic system specifications to determine the appropriate scope of the effort. We are building on these data and estimates to develop a more detailed approach for an initial timing focused eLoran capability. This initial timing network could provide a nearterm solution while we continue our efforts to prescribe a complete set of requirements necessary to support a full complementary PNT capability for the nation. We look forward to working with you as we continue our efforts to provide a complementary PNT capability for U.S. critical infrastructure. We have sent a similar response to each cosigner of your letter. Sincerely, VICTOR M. M ENDEZ , Deputy Secretary of Transportation, Co Chair, National Executive Committee for SpaceBased Positioning, Navigation, and Timing. ROBERT O. W ORK, Deputy Secretary of Defense, CoChair, National Executive Committee for Space Based Positioning, Navigation, and Timing. 
[From the DHS Science & Technology Press Office, Apr. 20, 2016] DHS S&T DEMONSTRATES PRECISION TIMING  TECHNOLOGY AT THE NEWYORKSTOCK EXCHANGE  WASHINGTON .—The Department of Homeland security, Science and Technology Directorate (S&T) announced today the successful demonstration of the Enhanced Loren (eLoran), a precisiontiming technology for financial transactions at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). eLoran is a lowfrequency, highpower radio navigation signal that is broadcasted by groundbased transmission stations, allowing the signal to penetrate through buildings and provide precision timing indoors and throughout urban environments. ‘‘Accurate position, navigation, and timing is necessary for the function and integrity of many critical infrastructure sectors, such as the electric grid, communication networks, and financial institutions,’’ said DHS Under Secretary for Science and Technology Dr. Reginald Brothers. ‘‘Ensuring the continuous and uninterrupted availability of critical information ensures our national security.’’ 
DHS S&T, U.S. Coast Guard, UrsaNav, Inc., and Harris Corporation study eLoran through a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement for applicability to provide timing information for critical infrastructure applications. The demonstration at the NYSE was hosted by Juniper Networks on April 19 and presented to technical representatives from the financial services, energy, and communication sectors. We are constantly working with critical infrastructure partners like the financial sector to help build their capabilities and resilience to a variety of hazards, including space weather and other cyber or physical threats to the system’s continuity,’’ stated DHS Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection Caitlin Durkovich. Precise and synchronized timing of financial transactions is critical to markets worldwide and is mandated by regulation in the European Union and is increasingly required in the United States. Today, precision timing capabilities are provided primarily by satellitebased Global Positioning System (GPS). However, GPS’s spacebased signals are lowpower and susceptible to possible disruptions. GPS signals are also difficult to receive indoors and in urban canyons. ‘‘During the technology demonstration inside the NYSE building, we were able to not only provide signals indoors but also provide timing information to within 30 nanoseconds of our UTC reference,’’ said Sarah Mahmood, S&T program manager for the eLoran cooperation agreement. Recognizing the challenges of spacebased signals and the importance of having multiple timingsources, eLoran is one technology being considered to provide a complementary timing solution to existing GPS technology. 
[From the Atlantic, June 13, 2016] WHATHAPPENS IFGPS F AILS? (By Dan Glass) It only took thirteen millionths of a second to cause a whole lot of problems. Last January, as the U.S. Air Force was taking one satellite in the country’s constellation of GPS satellites offline, an incorrect time was accidentally uploaded to several others, making them out of sync by less time than it takes for the sound of a gunshot to leave the chamber. The minute error disrupted GPSdependent timing equipment around the world for more than 12 hours. While the problem went unnoticed by many people thanks to shortterm backup systems, panicked engineers in Europe called equipment makers to help resolve things before global telecommunications networks began to fail. In parts of the U.S and Canada, police, fire, and EMS radio equipment stopped functioning. BBC digital radio was out for two days in many areas, and the anomaly was even detected in electrical power grids. Despite its name, the Global Positioning System is not about maps; it’s about time. Each satellite in the constellation (24 are needed, plus the U.S. has several spares) has multiple atomic clocks on board, synchronized with each other and to Coordinated Universal Time (UTC)—the time standard used across the world—down to the nanosecond. The satellites continually broadcast their time and position information down to Earth, where GPS receivers in equipment from iPhones to automated tractors acquire signals and use the minuscule differences in their arrival time to determine an exact position. While GPS was initially conceived to aid navigation, globally synchronized time is now a much more critical function of the system. Telecom networks rely on GPS clocks to keep cell towers synchronized so calls can be passed between them. Many electrical power grids use the clocks in equipment that finetunes current flow in overloaded networks. The finance sector uses GPSderived timing systems to timestamp ATM, credit card, and highspeed market transactions. Computer network synchronization, digital television and radio, Doppler radar weather reporting, seismic monitoring, even multicamera sequencing for film production—GPS clocks have a hand in all. But last January’s system failure brings up an oftenignored question: What if all these flying clock radios were wiped out, and everything on the ground started blinking 12:00? According to Mike Lombardi, a metrologist at the National Institute for Standards and Technology, ‘‘Nobody knows exactly what would happen.’’ Since so many of these technologies were designed specifically with GPS in mind, the unsettling truth, he says, is ‘‘there’s no backup.’’ This isn’t a secret. Concern for the consequences of the country’s reliance on this invisible utility has been growing among industry and government workers for more than 15 years, after the Department of Transportation issued a report on the need for a backup navigation system, in 2001. But while the means to create one has existed since, a winding bureaucratic path has kept it from actually being implemented. And that leaves many of the everyday tools society depends on vulnerable until one is. There are plenty of reasons GPS could fail. Intentional attack is one, as emphasized by a declassified 2012 risk estimate by the Department of Homeland Security. One of the system’s most basic problems is its signals are weak enough to be easily obstructed. Truckers with cheap jamming devices designed to elude employer tracking have unintentionally interfered with airport systems; criminals thwarting GPS tags on stolen goods in shipping containers have accidentally shut down port operations. On a grander scale, North Korea has tormented South Korea with waves of jamming attacks. (jamming devices are now illegal in the U.S., but not difficult to obtain illicitly.) A few steps up from jamming devices in both complexity and damage are spoofers: systems that get GPS receivers to lock on to mimicked signal. Spoofers don’t trigger equipment alarms, and deliver altered time and position information to unaware users. It’s been suggested that Iran used this tactic to lead astray two U.S. Navy patrol boats captured in the Gulf last January. A plausible worstcase attack scenario would look something like this: Spoofers feed erroneous data to electrical substation equipment in a metro area, which could overheat power lines and transformers, causing widespread outages. Meanwhile, multiple hidden jammers could cripple cellphone service, and also force fire, police, and emergency medicine departments to revert to old, singlefrequency channels. Supplies in this scenario could only be bought in many places with cash, which would be limited without ATM service. According to the DHS report, it could take 30 days or more before the malicious devices are located and disabled. The longer it took, the more systems that would be compromised. As for unintentional threats to GPS, the DHS risk estimate lists space debris, space weather, defective software, and good old fashioned human mistakes, among other things. Of these threats, space weather is the most potentially catastrophic, according to Norwegian geophysicist Pal Brekke, whose country was hardest hit by the January outage. Eruptions of high energy radiation from the sun (known as solar flares) and ejections of electrically charged gases have disabled satellites in the past. With satellites and the chips inside them getting smaller as technology progresses, ‘‘one particle from the sun that penetrates a satellite can ruin things,’’ Brekke says. ‘‘It wouldn’t take that large of an event to take out all GPS.’’ So far, mitigating the loss of GPS signals has involved two approaches. One is interoperability with other global navigation satellite systems like Russia’s GLONASS (which also failed due to a ground control error in 2014) or the European and Chinese systems, both of which are expected to be up by 2020. The other is better clocks, says Lombardi, the NIST metrologist, who’s published numerous articles on the topic. ‘‘The typical cell tower clock has an oscillator similar to that of a wristwatch,’’ he says, ‘‘and can drift out of tolerance in minutes without a signal.’’ How long a clock can maintain time on its own, called ‘‘holdover,’’ also affects electrical grids, many of which rely on GPSdependent devices called synchrophasors used to precisely regulate current flow, as well as help locate faults in the network. A lack of such timing technology was the reason it took some Canadian technicians three months to locate failures after the infamous blackout of 2003. Chipscale atomic clocks the size of a penny are a promising new technology that can hold time for about a day, but are currently too expensive to deploy widely. Moreover, hedging and holdover still aren’t backups for when spacebased signals are simply unavailable. The bulk of a more promising, comprehensive backup system already exists, right here on the ground. After the sextant but before GPS, navigators around the world used Long Range Aids to Navigation, or ‘‘LORAN,’’ a terrestrial system of transmitters and receiving equipment first developed during WWII. By the mid1990s, Loran ‘‘tower chains’’ provided coverage for North America, Europe, and other regions in the Northern Hemisphere. Its use declined in favor of the much finer accuracy of GPS after it became available for civil use in 1995, but the U.S. Coast Guard continued working on an improved system using the existing infrastructure. If adopted, ‘‘Enhanced’’ LORAN, or eLoran, could provide positioning accuracy comparable to GPS. Broadcast at hundreds of thousands of watts, the signal is virtually unjammable, and unlike GPS, can even be received indoors, underwater, and in urban or natural canyons. It also turns out that eLoran can provide a UTC time signal with submicrosecond time resolution across a large geographical area. The technology is available—the Coast Guard demonstrated a working prototype last year—so why isn’t America using it? John Garamendi, a California congressman, asked this question at a July 2015 congressional hearing on the Federal Radionavigation Plan, the nation’s primary planning document for position, navigation, and timing (PNT). ‘‘There are two kinds of time,’’ he opened, ‘‘real time . . . and then federal time, which seems to be the forever time. The eLoran system was identified as a backup 15 years ago, and here we are, federal time, not yet done.’’ Cost doesn’t seem to be a problem. A complete alternate PNT system is estimated at $350 million to $400 million; it costs $1 billion yearly to maintain GPS. And science and industry appears to share a consensus that eLoran is the solution. Even the Air Force Colonel and engineer who created GPS, Brad Parkinson, had been on record for years saying ‘‘eLoran is the only costeffective backup for national needs.’’ In a 2004, a presidential directive tasked DHS and DOT with creating a backup to the GPS system. In 2008, the DHS issued a press 
release that it was committing to the system and transferred control from the Coast Guard to its National Protection and Programs Directorate. But push and pull between DHS and the Coast Guard appears to have slowed progress. After this year’s satellite error, many European officials who had previously followed America’s reluctance to adopt eLoran stepped up development. Meanwhile, pressure from Garamendi, who argued in his address that ‘‘without an eLoran system in place ASAP, this country is in serious, serious jeopardy,’’ prompted a letter to him from the Deputy Secretaries of Defense and Transportation informing that the PNT Executive Committee has agreed that an eLoranbased timing network ‘‘could provide a near term solution’’ (if private entities bore some of the cost) while they ‘‘continue [their] efforts to prescribe a complete set of requirements necessary to support a full complementary PNT capability for the nation.’’ In other words, it seems: federal time. Why is the sense of urgency among decisionmakers so out of sync? Could some of it be similar to why people delay backing up our computers even though they’ve been telling themselves to for weeks? How do we decide, when presented a risk with unknown odds, when it’s time to sacrifice time and resources to prevent it? Now is a critically important time to answer that question, as the world actually been given odds on another, even more catastrophic risk than GPS failure: destruction of the electrical power infrastructure itself. On July 23, 2012, a billionton cloud of electrified gases blasted off the far side of the sun at over six million miles per hour. According to professor Daniel Baker at University of Colorado, this coronal mass ejection (CME) ‘‘was in all respects at least as strong as the 1859 Carrington Event,’’ referring to the strongest solar storm ever recorded, which set fire to telegraph stations and caused auroras down to Cuba. As was widely reported two years ago, if the 2012 CME had occurred one week later, it would have hit Earth. Space Katrina would be biblically catastrophic. Power could be out for years while electrical transformers were repaired, if the resources are even available to do so. ‘‘Collateral effects of a longerterm outage would likely include disruption of the transportation, communication, banking, and finance systems, and government services; the breakdown of the distribution of potable water owing to pump failure; and the loss of perishable foods and medications because of lack of refrigeration,’’ reads a 2008 National Academy of Sciences report. In 2014, physicist from San Diego calculated the likelihood of a Carringtonlevel event in the next decade. The odds he came up with were 12 percent. The predicament of events like this is not that they’re occurring more frequently, but that the rapid development of technology is opening the tools on which humanity depends to an increasingly wide variety of rare but potentially destructive cosmic threats. In the span of a century, we’ve transferred much of the weight of modern society to global infrastructures with wobbly legs. If they collapse, time will very quickly appear to move backward. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5978, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
DR. OTIS BOWEN VETERAN HOUSE Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5509) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indiana, as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5509 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TEMPORARY LODGING FACILITY, INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indiana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House’’. Any reference to such temporary lodging facility in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5509, which will formally rename the home for families of veterans undergoing medical treatment in Indianapolis as the Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House. Passing this bill today is the least we can do to repay an individual who gave so much of himself to serving our Nation, to providing care to his neighbors as a family physician, and to supporting our veterans. As a lifelong Hoosier, Dr. Bowen was born and raised in Indiana and later went on to receive his bachelor’s and his medical degree from Indiana University. As a newly minted doctor, ‘‘Doc,’’ as he became known, courageously served in the U.S. Army from 1943 to 1946. During his service in World War II, he bravely tended wounded servicemen during the first wave of Allied troops in the invasion of Okinawa in 1945. After serving his country, Doc Bowen came home to Indiana and set up a family medical practice in his hometown of Bremen, Indiana. During his 26 years of private practice, he delivered over 3,000 babies in a town with a population of just over 4,500 people. It was during this time that he also became involved with Indiana politics. Rising all the way from local coroner to speaker of the Indiana House of Representatives and, eventually, one of our State’s most popular Governors, Doc Bowen consistently won the trust and respect of Hoosiers with his patented bedside manner. As Governor, Doc Bowen drew upon his war experiences as a combat physician to improve healthcare services in Indiana by pioneering a statewide emergency medical services system. Upon leaving office in 1981, Doc Bowen served as a professor of medicine and director of undergraduate medical practice education at the IU Medical Center in Indianapolis. Doc Bowen returned to public service in 1985, when he answered the call of President Ronald Reagan to become the first doctor to serve as Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. There he spearheaded the Federal Government’s response to the spread of AIDS, promoted public awareness of the dangers of the disease, and worked toward its eradication. Throughout his career, Doc Bowen was active in our community as a force for good and advocate for others. Most notably, Doc Bowen was an active member of the American Legion post in Bremen for 59 years. He was also a member of the VFW, the American Medical Association, and he sat on the board of the Lilly Endowment, a philanthropic organization based in Indianapolis. Through Doc Bowen’s leadership on the Board of the Lilly Endowment, the Richard L. Roudebush Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center secured a $9.9 million charitable grant to construct a home for the families of veterans undergoing surgery at the center. As a doctor, Doc Bowen knew that love is a vital component of the healing process and that a family can’t dedicate their time and energy to the recovery process when they have to worry about where their next meal might be coming from or where they might lay their heads at night while visiting their family members at the hospital. Unfortunately, in 2013, Doc Bowen passed away at the age of 95. Throughout his career, he touched so many Hoosiers and always worked to enrich the lives of others through selfless sacrifice, hard work, and dedication. The eulogy of Pastor Rhode at his funeral summed up Doc’s life most eloquently when he said: ‘‘He only sought to work for others. He took the talents and gifts God gave him and used them to his fullest.’’ b1930 This is a lesson we all can learn from and is the reason I am proud to support 
this bill. I also want to thank all of my Hoosier colleagues from both sides of the aisle who signed on and support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to join my colleague, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) in supporting H.R. 5509, a bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indiana, as the Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House. Dr. Bowen was born near Rochester, Indiana. He graduated from Indiana University and received his M.D. degree from Indiana University School of Medicine. During World War II, he served in the U.S. Army Medical Corps from 1943 to 1946, and was with the first wave of Allied troops in the invasion of Okinawa in 1945, and was honorably discharged as a captain in 1946. When he returned home, he began his private practice, acquiring a respected place in Bremen, Indiana, as the country doctor. After serving in the Indiana Legislature for 14 years, Dr. Bowen was elected the 44th Governor of Indiana and ultimately served as the Secretary of Health and Human Services under President Ronald Reagan. I am very pleased to support this legislation and urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my dear friend and colleague from California (Mr. TAKANO ) for those remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). She is my dear friend from northern Indiana who has also served on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Representative BROOKS from Indiana. I am thrilled to stand here tonight and be a part of naming this facility in Indianapolis the Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House. Dr. Bowen spent most of his life in my district, Indiana’s Second District. He was the consummate Hoosier, known for his personal integrity and leadership in service to this Nation and the State of Indiana. His nickname was Doc, as he was affectionately known, and I would be one person knocking on his door every so often just to check in and see how he was doing. He had a wall of fame in his house like none other. I would love to just sit and listen to his words of wisdom over the years. He was born in Rochester, Indiana, in Fulton County. He graduated from Francesville High School. To this day, today, all of those areas in those counties are proud that he actually resided in those areas. He received his medical degree from IU in 1942, completed his residency at Memorial Hospital of South Bend, joined the U.S. Medical Army Corps, was part of the first wave of troops to storm the beaches of Okinawa during World War II. After leaving the service, he started a family practice in Bremen, Indiana. In 1952, Doc began his career in public service, serving as Marshall County coroner in 1956, when he was elected to the Indiana House of Representatives. He was elected Governor of Indiana in 1972 and reelected in 1976. In 1985, Ronald Reagan appointed him as the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Service, the first medical doctor to serve in that role. His commitment to serving Hoosiers made him one of the most adored public servants in the State of Indiana. His dedication is exemplified by the fact that after all these accomplishments and awards, he said his proudest achievement was delivering those 3,000 babies as a family physician in Marshall County. I can’t think of a more deserving person to name this facility after. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5509. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before we conclude, I would like to take a moment to personally thank Chairman MILLER for all that he has done throughout his tenure in the House of Representatives and in shepherding this bill. I also would like to thank his staff who have helped us bring this bill to the floor. The people of Florida’s First Congressional District couldn’t have asked for a more dedicated public servant. The work that Chairman MILLER has done to advance the rights and care of veterans is truly remarkable. Whether it was in the trenches of war for Doc Bowen or in political office or at his doctor’s office, Doc Bowen had a clear passion for serving others. However, he always reserved a special place in his heart for his fellow veterans, like Chairman MILLER . That is why it is only appropriate that the house—the home—that he helped build for veterans and their families carry his name and serve as a permanent reminder of the character and fortitude of this legendary man. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge passage today. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5509. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HOLD FARC ACCOUNTABLE (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday, Colombians in my Congressional District will go to the polls to vote on the ColombiaFARC deal, deciding whether to hold the narcoterrorist organization known as the FARC accountable for its innumerable crimes committed over more than 50 years. Yet, in a deal brokered by the duplicitous Castro regime, the FARC members may soon get off scotfree— no jail time and no compensation to the family members of their victims. FARC members will even be allowed to run for office. Good grief. This is a bad deal, Mr. Speaker, and it should not be financed by American taxpayers. The only things the FARC and its criminal backers in Havana are interested in are more opportunities to continue running drugs, lining their pockets, and destabilizing Latin America. Colombians in my district can vote on the deal in either Coral Gables, Hialeah, or Kendall, as well as many other places surrounding Miami. For more information on voting locations, they can contact the Colombian consulate in Miami. f 
SHOOTING AT CASCADE MALL IN BURLINGTON, WASHINGTON (Ms. DELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a very heavy heart. On Friday night, there was a tragic shooting at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, where five people were killed. The victims included a 16yearold cancer survivor from Mount Vernon High School, a dedicated public servant from Arlington and her 95yearold mother, a Boeing employee from Lake Stevens, and a Macy’s cosmetic counter worker. As our community comes together during this difficult time, our region grieves for the victims, their families, and all those affected by this tragedy. We will always remember Sarai Lara, Belinda Galde, Beatrice Dotson, Chuck Eagan, and Shayla Martin. I want to thank our local law enforcement for their long hours searching for the shooter who was apprehended less than 24 hours after the incident. While there is no one law that will prevent every single instance of senseless violence, we must do more to end the tragic cycle of gun violence affecting our communities. 
RECOGNIZING THE SECOND HARVEST FOOD BANK OF NORTHWESTERN PENNSYLVANIA’S BACKPACK PROGRAM (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the efforts of an Erie County based food bank to combat childhood hunger across northwestern Pennsylvania, especially in several counties of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. In 2011, the Second Harvest Food Bank of Northwest Pennsylvania launched its backpack program, which enlists the help of volunteers to fill backpacks with enough meals and snacks to help feed children over the weekends of each school year. Over this past weekend, around 70 volunteers, including residents, teachers, and businessowners from Warren County gathered to supply backpacks to around 350 students in the Warren County School District. The backpacks are expected to last those second and third grade students through the end of the year. In Erie County, around 1,100 students benefit from the program in the Erie County School District with meals being distributed to children throughout its 15 elementary schools. Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that a program such as this is necessary, but I am proud that there are folks in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District and the surrounding area who are willing to help step up to the plate for kids in need. 
NATIONAL VOTER REGISTRATION DAY (Mr. HONDA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the 226 million Americans who are eligible to vote and to recognize September 27 as National Voter Registration Day. However, this year is different. With the recent attacks on our democracy, unscrupulous actors seek to gain access to confidential and sensitive information and distort the outcome of elections. In Arizona, the secretary of state just took offline its voter registration database because of credible threats to its system. In Illinois, 15 million records were recently exposed and nearly 200,000 accessed by hackers. The Russian Government hacked the Democratic Party’s emails and files in an attempt to distort our elections. Our elections should be free of foreign influence. As the representative for Silicon Valley, I value technology in our democracy. That is why I introduced legislation to declare our election technology as critical infrastructure, so we can give local and State officials the Federal resources they need to protect our votes and the purity of our democracy. On this National Voter Registration Day, too much is on the line for us not to act. RECOGNIZING KU CHANCELLOR BERNADETTE GRAYLITTLE (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, as a proud Jayhawk, I rise today to recognize a great leader for the State of Kansas who has made a positive impact on the lives of many fellow Kansans—KU Chancellor Bernadette GrayLittle. Last week, Chancellor GrayLittle announced her retirement in 2017, and I wanted to recognize some of the major accomplishments during her tenure at KU. From day one, she set aggressive goals through her Bold Aspirations initiative to advance the university into the 21st century as a leader in education and research. It was a great success, leading to KU being designated as a National Cancer Institute and working towards a Comprehensive Cancer Center designation. The KU Alzheimer’s Disease Center also received national designation from the National Institute on Aging. As someone who utilized both student loans and Pell grants, I was greatly appreciative of her vocal support for these programs to help every student achieve their dreams regardless of income level. Today, on behalf of the United States Congress, I would like to thank Chancellor GrayLittle for her leadership and service to our beloved Jayhawk community and wish her and her husband, Shade, well in their next endeavors. Rock Chalk, Jayhawks. 
VETERAN SUICIDE CRISIS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am holding here in my hand a wristband that was given to me over this weekend. It says: ‘‘22 every day.’’ Unfortunately, shamefully, this is in reference to the number of veterans that commit suicide in this country every day. There are many reasons, but one of the reasons it should not be is that, A, they could not get through on a telephone call to somebody at the VA; or that they had given up hope that they were going to have their needs met after the promise that was made to them wasn’t kept because they could not get what they needed for their health care and for other benefits that were promised them as being members of our military. So my hat is off to AMVETS and many other folks, including people out there on social media, that are dedicated to doing 22 pushups a day to get awareness up amongst their friends for the loss of approximately 22 veterans per day on suicide. We have to get our act together here and pass legislation to make sure they at least will get their phone calls answered, especially at a time of crisis like that, when they are contemplating perhaps a suicide. Mr. Speaker, this needs to be done soon and with the dedication that they have given to us. f 
b1945 AMERICA HAS NOT FORGOTTEN YOU The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, a friend of mine works part time in a hardware store. He is retired from several other careers, but he continues to enjoy helping people in a retailservice environment. Recently, he kindly gave me, as we were talking about gardening, some hosta plants that he had grown. As I drove through his neighborhood looking for his house, I suspected his home was the one flying the large American flag. I knew that Mike, my friend, had served in Vietnam, but, as we spent some time digging up the plants and visiting around his garden, I learned a lot more about his harrowing experience as a marine. You see, Mr. Speaker, Mike’s squad was assigned to protect an area in the northern part of south Vietnam. They were a pesky bunch, as Mike put it, and the north Vietnamese grew tired of the constant haranguing, so they launched a counterassault. Mike’s squad was outnumbered 10 to 1, and they were hit pretty hard. A call went out for help, but the first helicopter to arrive was blown apart. Mike sustained severe wounds. A bullet to the chest collapsed his lung, shrapnel tore through a foot and a leg, and another bullet grazed his head. To breathe, Mike had to keep clearing his throat with his finger to remove the gurgling blood. And at the point where he could no longer physically fight, he crawled to a slightly more secure place and propped himself up on a sack. Mike told me he remembered two things— the wind blowing through his hair and his mother. Who would tell her that he had died? Only three Americans survived that battle. Fortunately, another helicopter quickly landed and a corpsman came to Mike’s rescue, stabilized him, and helped return him to safety. A doctor performed quick and precision surgery, and the medical personnel nursed him back to health, for which Mike was always grateful. But something always nagged him. He never got a chance to thank the corpsman who risked his own life to save him. And, finally, in 2001, he went online, did some research, and found the man 30 years later. Mike wrote to him and said: I have not forgotten you. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that our country’s economic, political, and cultural settlement is straining under a number of very harsh realities. Concentration of economic and political power, coupled with signs of social collapse, are contributing to a growing sense of vulnerability and anxiety in our society. Amid a divisive and disorienting political season, terrorist attacks in San Bernardino, Orlando, Minnesota, and New York have reminded us of the grave threats to life and our cherished liberties. Take a moment, Mr. Speaker, to notice how many Nebraskans and how many Americans like Mike fly our flag. It means something. The flag stands for an ideal, for a value, for the proposition that all persons have dignity. And when that dignity is safeguarded, a people can flourish. That is America. But I think more people need to hear, Mr. Speaker, that we have not forgotten you. The fundamental questions right now before us are, who are we as a Nation, where are we going as a people, and how will we find our greatness again? Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I had an extraordinary privilege. I would like to share the story with you and the body. I was invited to attend the dedication of a new veterans memorial in a small town in the heart of the Great Plains north of Lincoln, Nebraska, where I live. This town is called Wahoo. It was actually made famous because in the old David Letterman show he named it as the hometown office. But Wahoo is more than a late night show’s joke. It is a place where a community lives, works, and has a deep sense of interconnectedness and well being. It is a place of extraordinary greatness. In this small town, about 500 people from the entire county came and gathered right there at the courthouse for the dedication of a new memorial honoring the 101 servicemembers who had been killed from the small farming community and the surrounding area—soldiers, troops, military personnel from World War I to our present day. All of their names were read in an honor roll, many having Czech and German names, who were such an important part of the original settlement of that area, as well as the Swedish. When I approached the microphone to say a few words, I recalled the old movie ‘‘To Kill a Mockingbird,’’ based upon the old novel. Mr. Speaker, as you will recall, in that movie, the lawyer Atticus Finch gives a defense of a man who is unjustly accused of a crime. The community from which that man had come had to sit in the upper balcony of the courtroom because of the prejudice of that time. And as Atticus Finch was getting ready to leave the courtroom, the reverend, who was in the midst of that community in the gallery, says to his young child, the lawyer’s young child: ‘‘Stand up, your father’s passing.’’ At that beautiful ceremony right there in the Great Plains, it started with the public high school choir and the Catholic high school choir singing our national anthem. When that occurred, no one sat on a bench, no one took a knee. We all stood because it was not about us, it was about them, the men and women before us, living and dead, who had answered the call to service. And whether they had cooked or cleaned or computed or were in the worst conceivable firefight, nonetheless, they said: yes, I will serve, I will sacrifice, for the meaning of our Nation. We live in a time, Mr. Speaker, when our world is screaming for meaning. What we are really searching for is not an answer that can be found here in this body. We have an important role to debate the most pressing issues of the day, whether those are national security, economic security, and even cultural security. The most important answers aren’t found necessarily down the street in the White House. They are not going to be answered necessarily in the great debate that is about to occur moments from now on the television. The answer is found in the debate about meaning itself. When we find things that bind us, like this extraordinary ceremony yesterday nestled in the heart of America, where people young and old came to honor our veterans, when we look back to those who came before us, giving them their due in a memorial that appropriately honors them, we bind ourselves in a noble idea that sacrifice for one another, sacrifice, even for a nation, is sometimes not only necessary, but it is worthy of the fullness of the call in the human heart. But we still have hard questions before us. So what should we do? The first pathway, Mr. Speaker, to finding solutions is to adequately identify the problem. And in one word, I believe the problem is fragmentation. What do I mean by that? It is a creeping separateness, whether in economic affairs, government affairs, foreign affairs, or our own basic exchanges in local community life. People are feeling alone, isolated. In many cases, they feel like they lack control over the most basic things, the simple things in their own life. Far remote systems seem to be the new governing order. Informative institutions that used to provide the continuity of tradition and nest people into an ongoing desire and pathway toward hope by giving them the gifts of that tradition and the responsibility nested within community, as well as the accountability, have all become fragmented. These burdens press upon our people in a most profound way, and, in particular, in regards to their own economic wellbeing. These days, economic measures are on everyone’s mind. There is a tremendous amount of anxiety, even hopelessness, in our uncertain times. And while the stock market has certainly rebounded and corporate profits have soured, many families are facing downward mobility, stagnant wages, decreased opportunity, the feeling of disenfranchisement, and the inability to achieve financial security. Part of our problem is our country’s damaged microenterprise sector, that entrepreneurial space where most new jobs in the country are actually created. And we are not even talking about corporations that are 100 to 500 employees. We are talking about shops that are 1 to 5 people. This morning, I made a phone call as I was getting on the plane to return here from Nebraska because, Mr. Speaker, I received this in the mail. This is a flyer announcing a doorsclosing sale from a small business called Havelock Furniture. This furniture company anchors the north end of a little community called Havelock, which is now subsumed into the greater community of Lincoln, Nebraska. It distressed me when I received this. At first, I thought they might be another victim of corporate consolidation, an inability to compete as a small furniture store in a sector that might be, again, increasing the concentration into fewer and fewer hands. So I just picked up the phone, and I called Sue. Now, this is an advertisement for a closingbusiness sale, and it is giving me a discount if I want to come there and buy something. But Sue lays out, in very heartfelt terms, the reality of their circumstances: The family has been in business for 61 years, and now I am retiring forever. She goes on to say: And I am offering our friends and employees and preferred customers a special discount. Well, I can’t ever recall if I have met Sue. And, by the way, at the top of this, Mr. Speaker—I don’t know if you can see it—is a picture of the founder, Mel Everson, and it says: In loving memory. As I recall, Sue is his daughter. I called Sue just to find out what was going on, and also to express my thanks for their willingness to be in business this long, carry on an important tradition for an important part of our town, and be an integrated part of an old Main Street that still occupies a unique part of the community where I live. We talked a little bit about what happened. And, fortunately, it wasn’t the result of any type of pressure coming from outside economic forces that were beyond her control, it was simply the necessary decision that had to be made for family reasons. But, nonetheless, I felt a heartfelt loss. And why? Because on a deeper level, Sue’s business is the loss of a symbol of community mutuality and economic affairs, a gathering place where human interaction reinforces social vibrancy. Mr. Speaker, our country needs a 21st century vision of what economic success can look like. Benign competition with a robust small business sector creates the conditions for a sustainable dynamism, a humane economy that prioritizes personal relationships and 
community ties, fosters stronger entrepreneurialism, forges better consumer products, and creates more jobs for persons who need them. b2000 Just as a healthy society and the principle of selfresponsibility are the preconditions for prosperity, properly ordered markets support social cohesion. Markets at their best are driven by startup innovation and sustained by widespread ownership. The return of small business, with a new participatory economy, can extend the dignity and just rewards of meaningful work. It will help us fight poverty and help us to rebuild our economy in this century. Now, what are some good examples of this economic mutuality I am referring to where no person or no thing is thrown away? I recently saw a presentation by a CEO of a major corporation. He threw up a PowerPoint on the screen, and I thought we were getting ready to look at some boring quarterly earnings projections or something like that; but instead of rolling out the PowerPoints and graphs, the CEO showed a simple picture. It was a picture of a young woman on her wedding day, a bride on her father’s arm. The CEO then said this: ‘‘Everyone is someone’s daughter. Everyone is someone’s son.’’ In other words, persons matter—persons matter in a society; persons matter in a business; persons matter as we debate the great public policy issues before us because, ultimately, that is the purpose, the well being of persons. The point was powerfully made. The understanding of work and the workplace—the proper understanding of work as nested within the workplace— are essential to human dignity and to human happiness; and this CEO of a very large corporation said he believed business could be the greatest force for good in the world. That is a strong and proper perspective. Mr. Speaker, as I was recently looking around my garage, looking to clean out a few things, I came upon an old, antiquated pickax. It is really a substantial piece of hardware. I bought this years ago and used it numbers of times in my yard. Then the handle finally broke, and I had a hard time throwing it away—it is a bad habit I have, I guess. But it sat there in my garage, a substantial piece of iron. So, instead of throwing it away, I took it with me to the local hardware store, and then I went to look at some new ones. I asked the clerk: ‘‘What do you think? Do you sell handles?’’ He said: ‘‘No, we do not sell new handles.’’ He said: ‘‘You are probably better off buying a new one and putting this one on the wall in the man cave.’’ So I went and looked at a new one and toyed with the idea; but then the clerk said: ‘‘Well, look. Let me do a little research for you, and I will get back to you.’’ So he did. He went out and found a company in America that made pickax handles out of hickory. He took it a little further. He went ahead and ordered the handle for me, and he replaced it himself. When I went to the store about week later, there it was—a piece of old, old hardware, ready to be put back to work with a replacement handle proudly made in America and made of hickory. If you had done a straight analysis of the cost involved in this repair project, it was not worth it. I only saved about $10 by repairing versus buying a new one. I had to wait a week or so, and I had to go to the store twice, but there are unmeasured benefits here. Let’s talk about those. First of all, an old piece of iron is not in a landfill; a renewable resource of hickory wood was deployed; an American company made a little profit; and the hardware store’s clerk had the satisfaction of a hand built opportunity. I will tell you, I must say, I am pretty proud of my refreshed, repurposed pickax, and I put it right to work on some old bushes I had in the yard. More importantly, Mr. Speaker, if we are going to rebuild our economy, thinking about how we manufacture, how we maintain, and how we rebuild what is still useful can unlock the benefits of a wellfunctioning market system. This small act of taking something old but solid and getting it back into useful service provides some insights on how to better secure economic wellbeing. The disposable nature of so many goods as they are now manufactured, with the intended life expectancy ever more narrowed, decreases costs in the short term—but cheaper isn’t always best. The ability to repair and recycle and to repurpose—to keep the useful life of a resource as long as possible—is smart economics. It is a fundamental principle of conservation, and it is a key to reviving the small business service sector. Perhaps, Mr. Speaker, this is an emerging trend. I was watching the Olympics. During it, I noticed a commercial in which a major retailer gave a subtle message about cheap imports. During the commercial, as the song ‘‘Dream On’’ built up steadily in the background, the commercial featured people waking up, going about the routine of life, getting their kids to school, and making their way to a factory, where they used their hands to make things—tough and gritty work, but connected to a deeper meaning. At the end of the commercial, the company stated it will invest $250 billion in American manufacturing in the years to come. Maybe we are on the front end of a trend, Mr. Speaker. I certainly hope so. An economic model that chases more and more output alone is not a valid measure of value. Our country’s economic reboot requires a return to a humane economy—one focused on quality, durability, and the work of human hands and, as much as we can, made in America. Without this focus, we will forever chase that which we cannot find, and perhaps more and more people are realizing that we should shift to what is dependable, not disposable; to what is fixable, not forgettable; to what is reparable and not just replaceable. Using my repurposed hickory handled, Americanmade pickax gives me a great deal of time to think about these things, Mr. Speaker. It also gives me a pretty good workout—a winner all the way around. Mr. Speaker, I want to reference something else that I happened to see. There is a show—I am not sure if it is still on—that is called ‘‘Undercover Boss,’’ and I have seen it a few times. I find the program to be quite engaging and very, very human. The premise of the show is that the CEO, the chief executive officer, of a major company goes undercover as an employee. Then, from there, he participates in the gritty work of building things, of cleaning up, of working the phones, and of performing basic administrative tasks. During this particular episode that I saw, the boss spent some time out in the field, repairing a broken sewer line. Then he was in an office, answering calls, and was at a manufacturing plant where the equipment was crafted. The CEO was assigned to one of the company’s top welders for training at the manufacturing facility. As part of his disguise, he wore safety glasses and a dorag. The first mistake that the CEO made was that of burning a hole through the metal that he was supposed to be joining. After the welder who was supervising him gently corrected his technique, they took a break, and the conversation turned to job security. The middleaged welder, who was a longtime, dedicated employee and a team leader at that corporation, told the boss about the worry that he has and that he overhears at the manufacturing plant. Would they just show up one day and see a ‘‘closed’’ sign hanging on the cyclone fence? Given what is going on in America, no one knows for sure whether the company would just pack up and move overseas like so many others have. The simple conversation in the break room in middle America captured what so many Americans are justifiably concerned about. Although the government’s aggregate statistics show an overall unemployment rate of about 5 percent, the numbers hide a disturbing reality. For too many people, the rhetoric of free markets has not translated into better opportunity or security. As I mentioned, stagnant wages and downward mobility, staggering student loan debt, job insecurity, and the increased cost of living are all real difficulties marking the new normal for an increasing number of families in our society. In another segment of the television show, the disguised CEO had to work on a home drainage system. The elderly woman who lived in the wellkept 
but very simple house was told that the bill to fix the problem was $1,200. She responded in a very worried voice about her many doctor bills and about how much medicine she had to buy. The employee who was supervising the CEO then paused, considered the situation, and gently spoke back to the elderly woman and said to her: ‘‘Well, how about $500?’’ The employee, as it turns out, had taken it upon himself to cut his own commission in order to help this elderly, vulnerable person, all while his undercover boss watched. After several other meaningful encounters with his employees, the show concluded with the CEO’s revealing his true identity and commending everyone with whom he had interacted. He made some poignant points about his experiences—how deeply they had touched his life and how they would now impact his management style. To the welder, he said: ‘‘I want you to take the message back: ‘We are staying in America.’ Give them that assurance from me.’’ To the man who reduced the bill at the cost of his own salary, he rewarded him for his compassion and dedication. Business can be a force for great good, Mr. Speaker. The true potential of companies depends upon their people for their greatness. In this case, the CEO was willing to do a selfevaluation of his own leadership style and of the very fundamental purpose of the company, itself. Perhaps a scorecard should be kept to feature businesses that do the right thing: trying to keep the best jobs in America, consistently innovating, and paying just salaries to persons who work hard to support themselves and their families. In order to discover—to discover, perhaps, something about himself, to discover the true meaning of work, to discover the true value of the persons under his authority—the CEO went undercover. By doing so, he found what he had not seen: a properly functioning market economy that genuinely works for both profits and persons, repairing fractures in our society, and enhancing community interdependency. That is the point, Mr. Speaker: community interdependency is the true source of our Nation’s strength. When I was a much younger man, I owned a rearwheel drive Ford Bronco II. They don’t make them anymore. I loved that little truck. I sold it shortly after I was married. That little truck was great for that time in my life, but navigating winter conditions could be a bit tough. One night, while traveling on an interstate during really forboding weather, I came over the crest of a hill, and what lay before me was surreal. It must have happened just seconds before. A large 18wheeler truck had jackknifed. Cars were spun in every direction, flung into the median. There was a clear sheet of ice that no one had expected. b2015 In an instant, my reality changed. In an instant, everything changed. I had to make a choice. I rapidly decreased my speed, gripped the wheel, and focused my total attention on the road before me only just barely navigating the treachery. Mr. Speaker, many Americans feel that they have been tossed around in a bewildering unpredictability of our current policy, economic, and political dynamics. Many Americans are looking for new leadership that offers a compelling, inspirational, and stable vision that can restore the true security of our Nation. If we so choose, one of the strengths of the American system of government is its capacity for constant replenishment. In the midst of an unpredictable government transition season, it may sound a bit peculiar to speak of opportunity. But could this moment give us the chance, as a people, to reassess and realign? Perhaps so, if we so choose. As we began this conversation, Mr. Speaker, I talked about pointing to the problems in order to understand solutions. I think a stronger America might be glimpsed through four mutually supporting principles: government decentralization, economic patriotism, foreign policy realism, and social conservation. Mr. Speaker, just like every football game has four quarters, let’s think of our solutions as our fourquarter game plan: government decentralization, economic patriotism, foreign policy realism, and social conservation. What do I mean? First, a return to a more decentralized form of government will restore an important source of America’s strength. I, in no way, wish to belittle the essential important debates that occur in this body and elsewhere in the Federal Government. We have a role. We have a role to create the conditions so that the rest of society can flourish. The ultimate role we have is to seek justice and the just structures that can bring about order for persons and communities to flourish. When the Federal Government grows beyond its effectiveness, it infringes upon basic liberties, it stifles innovation, it crushes creativity, and it also takes away the responsibility that we have for one another. A creeping tendency to nationalize every conceivable type of problem erodes community resolve. Now, while the Federal Government does have a central role in maintaining the guardrails for stability, the rule of law, and a fair opportunity economy, America’s governing system is designed to operate most effectively at different levels. Those close to an opportunity or a problem ought to have the first authority to seize the opportunity or solve the problem. I find it notable that the veterans memorial ceremony that I went to just yesterday did not include any government funds. It was made up of community resolve and community sacrifice. As a quick civics lesson, as an aside, the Rules Committee on which the gentleman from Georgia sits is still working tonight, trying to craft the structure for the debate that will occur on certain pieces of legislation to come before us in short order. Let me return to something I said, Mr. Speaker. Just like every football game has four quarters, I believe we ought to think of our solutions as a fourquarter game plan. The first is returning to a healthy concept of decentralized government, a healthy Federalism where those closest to a responsibility or opportunity have first order priority in taking responsibility or seizing that opportunity, again, not to denigrate the very essential role that the Federal Government plays in creating the conditions for stability and rule of law and a just playing field, particularly in the economy, as well as national security, but other levels of governance are essential to community wellbeing. Second, economic inclusion or economic patriotism should help America recover from an arthritic economy. As I mentioned earlier, although the government’s aggregate statistics show an overall unemployment rate at about 5 percent, these numbers continue to hide certain realities. There are stagnant wages and downward mobility making life very difficult for a number of families. Mr. Speaker, it is sad to say this, but this WashingtonWall Street axis, which promotes the transnational corporation as the new ruling entity for society, cannot secure the wellbeing of our economy. They cannot. Instead of a globalized supplyside elitism, America needs a vibrant marketplace of her own that expands the space for constructive interdependency and community dynamism which will fight poverty and drive innovation, at the heart of which, again, is small business. Small business is the key, along with a fair regulatory environment and the right type of healthcare reform that will actually end up decreasing cost, while protecting vulnerable persons and reset the architecture so that we have a 21st century healthcare system that is truly just, that is fair, that is actually going to achieve the conditions for creativity and innovation in the marketplace. What we have now is a healthcare system that is an increasing drag on the small business sector; and, therefore, the number of jobs that we see created are going down. We are living in an entrepreneurial winter— the number of jobs being created are less from small businesses, are less than the number of small businesses that are actually dying. We are in an entrepreneurial winter. This has never happened before in the history of our country. So, focusing on the small business sector and returning to, again, a fair regulatory environment and appropriately addressing a new architecture for health care, which doesn’t simply shift costs but, at its heart, protects vulnerable persons, improves 
healthcare outcomes and reduces cost is a key to restoring the small business sector. Third key is foreign policy realism. What do I mean? Foreign policy realism charts a course between overinterventionalism and isolationism. America has an important role to play on the global stage today. However, many Americans are alarmed at an exhausted, drifting, and often counterproductive foreign policy. The posture of foreign policy adventurism, sometimes coupled with naive assumptions about democracy promotion, requires a recalibration. Leveraging American strength through strategic international relationships and authentic friendships will help us navigate the 21st century marked by a changing geopolitical framework. Mr. Speaker, I believe in the three Ds: strong defense, smart diplomacy, sustainable development. That is the right balance in our foreign policy considerations. Fourth key is social conservation. Social conservation provides the conditions for order, opportunity, and happiness. We usually don’t put those together, social and conservation. We think of conservation as the important protection of our land and water and the air we breathe, not throwing things away unnecessarily. Thinking of the ideals of the ecosystem where all things are interdependent, or looking out into the vast horizons of nature and letting it pull ourselves to a higher realm of that which is beautiful, even that which is divine, we have all had that experience. We know it in nature. We see it. Could we possibly see the idea of an ecosystem of community where we actually think that it is more than politics for the promotion of sustainable values? As society has become more fragmented, it is harder and harder for us to craft policies that meet society’s needs. Washington cannot spend enough fast enough to fix the deep wounds in our culture, Mr. Speaker. Social conservation recognizes that family life, faith life, and civic life provide a continuity of tradition, giving meaning to life and creating stability, particularly for children. Those of us who have had the scarring experience of coming from broken situations, we know this intuitively. Those of us who struggled with the deep scars of having what you know and what keeps you safe torn from you, we know that the formative institutions that preserve the good are invaluable to opportunities later in life. Our sense of wellbeing, the strength of our Nation ultimately does depend upon the strength of the formative institutions that give rise to family life, faith life, and civic life. That is the strength of America. We are confronting intensifying struggles about the direction of our country, and the fault lines are, sadly, widened. I think there are things that still bind us. I would like to think that what I am saying speaks to every Member of Congress here, that it transcends the superficial political boundaries that we set up that are, yes, based upon the different philosophical perspectives on the nature of what Washington ought to be and not. But I would like to think, again, that this rises above, because they are binding elements of the human heart. It is what we all long for: to be nested, to be secure within a community of loving persons around us who care enough to hold us accountable, who care enough to demand that we take responsibility for them and with them. Although we are encountering rough weather in our country, we can choose to rediscover this best sense of ourselves. We can choose to rediscover commonsense governance, which will uphold these ideals and be built upon them. We can choose rightsized economic models. We can choose to rediscover universal foundational values that are consistent with the desire of all persons’ hearts. This is how the greatness can be restored again. This is how we make America great again. This is how we find ourselves and find one another and find a vision that binds us together and makes us all proud to stand as America’s flag is flown. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 954, COOP CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. WOODALL (during the Special Order of Mr. FORTENBERRY ), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–791) on the resolution (H. Res. 893) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 954) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the individual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO OP) program, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and for the balance of the week on account of personal reasons. Mr. CARTER of Georgia (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Ms. JACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Ms. MATSUI (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of travel delay. 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 21, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 5936. To authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, California, to make certain improvements to the enhanceduse lease authority of the Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 5985. To amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, September 27, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII Committee on Appropriations discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6004 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3537 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Ms. ADAMS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. K EATING , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. TITUS, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. M CNERNEY, Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. DESAULNIER ): H.R. 6164. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize the use of title III funds for the establishment LGBTQ resource centers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 6165. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to take action relating to promoting broadband Internet access service for veterans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 6166. A bill to provide an additional allocation of lowincome housing tax credits in response to the Superfund site related condemnation of lowincome housing in Indiana; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H ILL, Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. NEWHOUSE ): H.R. 6167. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to authorize agricultural producers to establish and contribute to tax exempt farm risk management accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. AGUILAR (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. SIRES, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. S ERRANO ): H.R. 6168. A bill to encourage programs that support Dreamer student success in completing postsecondary education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6169. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to permit removal to United States district courts of certain civil actions filed in State courts; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee 
on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6170. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act with respect to the consolidation of public water systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6171. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to eliminate the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to grant a waiver from the work requirements for participation in the supplemental nutrition assistance program on account of an area’s high unemployment rate or limited employment availability for individuals who reside in the area; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 6172. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to make grants to support fire safety education programs on college campuses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for herself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. FUDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. DESAULNIER ): H.R. 6173. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable credit against tax for commuting mass transit costs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. BILIRAKIS , and Mr. PAYNE ): H. Con. Res. 162. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress that the Parthenon Marbles should be returned to Greece; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. STEWART (for himself, Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S ALMON , Mrs. LOVE, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. ROSS, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. LUMMIS , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. M CCAUL, Mrs. BLACK , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. HARDY , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. MARINO ): H. Res. 891. A resolution expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for herself and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H. Res. 894. A resolution expressing support for designation of October 2016 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee): H. Res. 895. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of September 26, 2016, as National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6164. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoring Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 6165. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 6166. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 6167. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which include the power to ‘‘regulate commerce . . . among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6168. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6169. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with Foreign nations and among several states, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6170. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constituion. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6171. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 6172. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6173. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 611: Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 711: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 932: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 1025: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. K EATING , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. PINGREE , and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 1151: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1192: Mr. LOBIONDO and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 1198: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1209: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 1258: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1542: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1559: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1728: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1861: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1877: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1942: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2224: Ms. LEE. H.R. 2302: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2500: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 2640: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 2656: Mr. RUSSELL and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 2698: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 2715: Mr. TONKO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. PERLMUTTER , and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 2737: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. ZELDIN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. R OONEYof Florida. H.R. 2739: Mr. POEof Texas, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H.R. 2762: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington. H.R. 2783: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2849: Mr. CROWLEY and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 2896: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 2903: Mr. OLSON and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 2980: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 3084: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. BYRNE , and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 3164: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 3268: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 3323: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3355: Mr. MEEKS and Mr. Y OUNG of In diana. H.R. 3381: Mr. GRIFFITH and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 3513: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 3632: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 3693: Mr. COOK. H.R. 3706: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 3742: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 3765: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 3849: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3886: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 3967: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 3978: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 3991: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4151: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4247: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4410: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 4514: Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4592: Mr. BOSTand Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 4622: Mr. NOLAN and Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 4625: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4626: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. CULBERSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. CONAWAY , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 4657: Ms. PINGREE and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4671: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 4683: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 4729: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 4764: Mr. KINGof New York and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4766: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4770: Mr. REED. H.R. 4784: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 4907: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 4919: Mr. LOBIONDO , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 4927: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4932: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 4938: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. JOYCE , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 5029: Mr. PETERS and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5061: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 5067: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 5082: Mr. COOPER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. PERRY . H.R. 5180: Mr. SCALISE , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 5204: Mr. POLIQUIN and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 5219: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5224: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 5232: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5265: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 5329: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 5334: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5369: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 5410: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 5418: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. LOUDERMILK , and Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 5474: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 5489: Mr. ROUZER , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. SHUSTER . H.R. 5589: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5600: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5667: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 5683: Mr. HECK of Nevada and Mr. HIMES. H.R. 5685: Mrs. WAGNER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Ms. STEFANIK , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . H.R. 5689: Mr. GRAYSON and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 5691: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5695: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5721: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 5727: Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 5730: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 5732: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 5790: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 5799: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 5807: Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 5814: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 5816: Mr. HURTof Virginia, Mr. W ITTMAN, and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 5830: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 5853: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5879: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5904: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 5954: Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. FARR. H.R. 5961: Mr. TROTT , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 5980: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia, Mr. LEVIN, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 5984: Mrs. TORRES and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 5989: Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. B ERA, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. POSEY . H.R. 5999: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 6000: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 6016: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 6025: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 6030: Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. S LAUGH TER, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 6041: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 6043: Ms. MOORE , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. WALZ. H.R. 6045: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 6047: Mr. GARRETT , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 6058: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 6072: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 6073: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 6078: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 6088: Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 6094: Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mr. BABIN, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. MCKINLEY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. D ENT, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. GOWDY , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 6097: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6100: Mr. LATTA , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. MULVANEY , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. SHIMKUS , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 6108: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. KUSTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. DESANTIS , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 6116: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 6133: Mr. DESANTIS and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 6149: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 6161: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.J. Res. 11: Mr. POSEY . H.J. Res. 55: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.J. Res. 98: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. C ONYERS . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. C APUANO. H. Con. Res. 160: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. PINGREE , and Mr. L OUDERMILK . H. Con. Res. 161: Mr. LANCE . H. Res. 28: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. BARLETTA . H. Res. 289: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 346: Mr. HIMES. H. Res. 586: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 590: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 754: Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 850: Mr. TAKANO . H. Res. 852: Mr. HIMES and Mr. C OSTA . H. Res. 853: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. W ITTMAN . H. Res. 865: Mr. COFFMAN . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6071 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 No. 145 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JONI ERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, the fountain of all of our blessings, we rejoice because of the majesty of Your Name and power, for Your glory fills the Earth. We see Your handiwork in the beauty of spacious skies and in the splendor of amber waves of grain. Today, inspire our Senators so that the thoughts they think, the words they speak, and the deeds they do will please You. Lord, as our lawmakers strive to live worthy of Your blessings, continue to surround them with the shield of Your favor and prompt them to strive to find common ground. As we all experience Your favor, help us to remember the needy and those crushed by the iron feet of injustice. May we strive to stay within the circle of Your providential will, remembering Your promise to supply all of our needs. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 