Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today is primary day in the MidAtlantic and Northeast States, the socalled Acela Primary, the five States all served by Amtrak. Fortunately, we are going to get a break, briefly, from a primary season that is truly cringeworthy. But for hundreds of people who were privileged to watch high school students from across America participate in the We the People constitutional competition, there is hope. These teenage scholars, most not old enough to vote or to drive, compete in a contest demonstrating their knowledge of the Constitution and democratic principles as well as their ability to think on their feet. At a time when civics education doesn’t appear to be a priority for most of American education, this shows the appetite and the capacity to fill that gap. I have more than a little hometown pride in this undertaking. The Classroom Law Project has been a priority of my family for years and continues to be so. For the last 4 years, two public high schools in Portland, Oregon, have alternated the National Championship, with Lincoln High School finishing first in 2012 and 2014 and Grant High School in Portland winning the national trophy in 2013 and 2015. This year Oregon was able to send both teams to the national finals, and the pattern continued, as Lincoln won its third trophy in 5 years and Grant, given an opportunity to compete, finished third, an unprecedented accomplishment for one town’s high schools. This amazing success speaks to the dedication of the young scholars and the amazing support of their families that was evident in the competition, the finals of which were held here in our Nation’s Capital. Both teams have a core of volunteer coaches who are lawyers and judges, citizens who focus on these kids and civics. They care deeply. Having watched one of these young scholars several years ago in our household, I can testify to the intensity, the depth, and the passion for the Constitution and for our government. Time doesn’t permit me to recognize all these outstanding young people and their mentors, the team that brought them here, but I must acknowledge the presence and advocacy of Peyton Chapman, the principal of Lincoln High School, their main coach, Steve Griffith, representative of all these amazing adults who invest so much in the young people, and Instructor George Ten Eych, because all of these programs rely on a dedicated professional in the classroom to make it happen. I had an opportunity on the floor of the House to meet with both of these teams late last week. Listening to their comments and questions, I celebrated their insights and hard work, their commitment, even as I wish we could have all of them on the floor of this House to elevate the discussion and deliberation, and I think they would add, frankly, to the decisionmaking. But until their time will come—and it can’t come soon enough—in the meantime, we celebrate five consecutive National Championships for two public high schools in Portland, Oregon. Congratulations, Lincoln Cardinals, on your championship, and Grant High School, finishing third. Together, you have dominated this elite competition for 5 consecutive years. Congratulations. f 
NATIONAL DRUG TAKEBACK DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, many people have unneeded or expired medications in their medicine cabinets. It can be hard to know how to dispose of these medications properly. On Saturday, April 30, we have an opportunity to safely dispose of unused, expired, or unwanted prescription medications. Saturday is National 
Drug TakeBack Day, where you can take medicines to an official dropoff site to have them disposed of responsibly. This is a noquestionsasked chance to clean out your medicine cabinets and improve the safety of your own homes. West Virginia and this Nation are in the grips of a drug epidemic, and it will take all of us working together to solve this problem. Each one of us can do our part. While it may seem like something small, safely disposing of unused medicines and medications is one of these measures. Drug TakeBack Day is a chance for our communities to come together and show that we are united in combating the drug epidemic. Small efforts can make a huge difference. Please go to DEA.gov and find a local Drug TakeBack Day location near you. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Blessed are You, merciful God of us all. You have given us a new birth and made us a living hope for the world. As a nation, we have inherited great natural resources and unfailing principles to guide our destiny. By Your power, You have safeguarded faith in Your people. You have made us ready to reveal in our time Your creativity and goodness active in us, but for the common good of all. We rejoice in Your blessings upon this Congress and the people they represent. Even during times of various trials and moments of struggle, our gaze is fixed on You as the source of all goodness and foundation of peace. May genuine faith, which is more precious than gold tested by fire, be proven in us. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
A DEDICATED EDUCATOR (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor St. MichaelAlbertville superintendent Dr. Jim Behle whose approaching retirement will mark the end of a 39year career in education. In addition to his time as superintendent, throughout the past four decades Dr. Behle has served as a teacher, principal, guidance counselor, and associate superintendent. Dr. Behle is one of the most beloved and revered members of our community because of his dedication to our children. Under his strong leadership, the district had many achievements, including ranking among the top 15 percent in the State for reading and math scores. As a testament to Dr. Behle’s hard work, the school board reluctantly accepted his resignation before making the statement: ‘‘This is a great loss to the district, and if at any point you change your mind, don’t hesitate to let us know.’’ His service to our community will surely be missed, and we thank him for his years of commitment to generations of St. MichaelAlbertville students and their parents. Enjoy your retirement, Dr. Behle. 
FLINT, MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, so far this House of Representatives has done nothing to help the people of my hometown of Flint, Michigan. I left Flint this morning, and I left behind a city of 100,000 people who for 2 years now have not been able to drink the water coming out of their tap. It is a disaster, it is a public health crisis, and it demands a response not just from the State government, which clearly is principally responsible for what happened. The people of my hometown are American citizens and have a right to have their national government, the Federal Government, step in and help them in the moment of their greatest need. This is the job of the United States Congress. We have legislation that would provide relief to the people of Flint rather than arguing over blame. That will come in time. There has been plenty of time devoted to that subject. The legislation that I offer would have the Federal Government and the State government equally share in the cost of putting this community back together and getting the people in Flint, Michigan, something that every American ought to be able to get up in the morning and take for granted, and that is that the water they drink is clean, safe, and will not make them sick. It is time for this House to act. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CYBERKIDS PROGRAM AT BETHLEHEM ELEMENTARY SCHOOL (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month I visited with students in the Cyberkids afterschool program at Bethlehem Elementary School in Alexander County. This program enriches learning through research, team collaboration, and communication in the STEM areas. We started the visit by discussing the U.S. Constitution. Then the students staged a skit that explained the process of how a bill becomes a law. In the performance, they detected a problem, came up with a solution, and collected signatures for a petition they presented to their representative, who introduced a bill, and demonstrated how Members of the House and Senate arrive at a compromise and turn legislation into law. I had the honor of signing the legislation, and the students held a mock press conference to discuss the new law. The aptitude these students showed during my visit was impressive and inspiring, and I commend everyone involved in this innovative educational program. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
declares the House in recess until approximately 3 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1500 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ) at 3 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4096) to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4096 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4096, the Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act. I want to thank the primary sponsors of the legislation— the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS )—for their work in bringing this very technical, yet needed, legislation to the floor of the House today. Mr. Speaker, during this time of divided government, it may come as a surprise to some that the Committee on Financial Services has generated a significant amount of bipartisan legislation since the beginning of 2015. In fact, this Congress our committee has approved over 70 bills, with the vast majority of these receiving bipartisan support, and in many cases unanimous support. I am pleased that we are able to bring to the floor today a number of bills that received the backing of both Republicans and Democrats out of our committee. One of these bills is the Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act, which passed out of the committee by a voice vote. What does that bill do? Well, this bill corrects a statutory error made in section 619 of Dodd Frank, more commonly known as the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule limited the ability of bank holding companies or their affiliates to invest in hedge funds or private equity funds, collectively known as covered funds. Now, we had a number of debates in our committee as to the general wisdom of the Volcker Rule and whether it actually reduces systemic risk and protects taxpayers or not. I think one thing we can all agree on is that so long as section 619 is the law of the land, Congress should do what it can to limit any negative and unintended consequences of the Volcker Rule. Because of the way that DoddFrank was drafted, a bank or one of its affiliates was prohibited from sharing its name with a covered fund that it was invested in. By disallowing a covered fund to share a name with the sponsoring entity, this provision of the Volcker Rule could actually lead to more and widespread investor confusion about who is actually managing the assets of that particular fund. As Jeffrey Plunkett of Natixis Global Asset Management told our subcommittee at a hearing back in February, he said: ‘‘We believe that compliance with the namesharing prohibition of the Volcker Rule . . . risks confusion among investors and burdens firms that are affiliated with banks, leading to a lack of transparency for clients.’’ So the fix envisioned here today in H.R. 4096 is really a simple one. It allows a covered fund to share its name with a sponsoring entity in order to provide clarity and transparency to the investor. I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4096. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also rise to support H.R. 4096 for the exact reasons that Mr. GARRETT just pointed out. I would like to be as clear as I can. I am a strong proponent and supporter of the Volcker Rule, and I would not support anything that would undermine that rule. That is not what this does. This is simply a clarification of an item that was never intended. Even as a supporter of that rule, this is not the outcome we intended. It is simply to clarify naming abilities by certain entities. I want to be also clear that nothing in this provision would allow something like the Bank of America Fund. You still cannot name it after a bank. These are subsidiaries of some banks. In this particular case, Natixis happens to be located in my district. They are the ones who brought this issue to my attention. They also happen to be affiliated with Loomis Sayles. Loomis Sayles is not a bank, but it is an affiliate of a bank. Therefore, Loomis Sayles would not be allowed to say this is a Loomis Sayles item. They have to call it some funny name, ABCD Fund or whatever it might be. That was never the intention of the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule was to make sure that the finances of this country and this world are as stable as possible so that people couldn’t have conflicts of interest and on and on and on. This is a technical amendment, something that I strongly support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as the gentleman has yielded back, has no other speakers, I don’t believe that we have any other speakers on this side of the aisle. I will close by saying thank you to the gentleman for working with us on this and a bunch of other legislation I also hope to bring to the floor sooner rather than later. I encourage Members on both sides of the aisle to support this bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4096. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FAIR ACCESS TO INVESTMENT RESEARCH ACT OF 2016 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5019) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5019 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any other extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5019, the Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2016. I want to thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), who will be speaking in a little bit, for his diligent work on this piece of legislation, as well as for his valued work and his input that he has brought all 
year long to the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises. Mr. Speaker, one of the most positive developments in our economy over the last several decades is what has been dubbed the ‘‘democratization’’ of our capital markets. Because of the advances in technology and market competition, more Americans than ever have the ability to take control of their own investments and have access to products that used to be reserved for the rich and the professionals. The $200 trade has now become the $7 trade, and many investment funds have become more costeffective over the years as well. One of these products is the exchangetraded fund or the ETF. What are ETFs? Well, ETFs are securities made up of a basket of stocks or bonds and which trade over an exchange like an individual stock. Because of their diversity and costeffectiveness, they have become increasingly popular with investors. In fact, ETFs now hold roughly $2 trillion in assets, and some 5.7 million households hold ETFs as part of their investment portfolio. That being said, unfortunately, due to a longstanding technicality in securities law, there is a dearth of research on ETFs’ availability to investors, depriving them of valuable information they need to make their informed decisions. The SEC, in the past, has provided safe harbors under securities law for brokers that provide research reports for listed stocks or corporate debt. Despite this and despite broad public support, the SEC has not provided a similar safe harbor for ETF research reports. Because of this, brokers are hesitant to publish reports out of fear for legal action either from the SEC or another private party. So we have this today, the Fair Access to Investment Research Act, which would correct this anomaly by providing a safe harbor for ETFs similar to the ones that currently exist for equities or corporate debt. This is a simple, yet muchneeded, piece of legislation to help investors, particularly your momandpop type investors, to understand more about the products that they are putting their hardearned money into. Again, I thank Mr. HILLnot only for his work on this legislation but, truly, for all the expertise and advice that he has brought to the committee this session. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. CARNEY), the primary Democratic sponsor of this bill. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ) for yielding me this time. I would also like to thank all those who have worked hard to improve this bill. I would like to recognize and thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for introducing this legislation. I appreciate his continued willingness to work with me on this important issue and to fine tune this bill to address concerns that we have heard, particularly from Members on this side of the aisle. The FAIR Act has a very simple purpose, to provide investors better access to research on exchangetraded funds and other similar products. ETFs are one of the fastestgrowing investment vehicles in the market. Net assets in ETFs have grown from $102 billion in 2002 to $1.8 trillion in 2014. The number of ETFs on the market has increased 23 percent over the same period of time, but compared to other asset classes, there is limited research about them available. As interest in ETFs continues to grow, we need to make sure that investors have access to reliable information on these funds and on their underlying investments. The SEC has been looking at expanding a safe harbor for ETF research for over 15 years, and every time this issue has come up before the SEC, it has received favorable feedback. In fact, during the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises hearing, there was unanimous agreement among the witnesses—which is not easy to come by in our subcommittee—that the SEC should promulgate a rule providing a safe harbor for ETF research. Since this legislation was originally introduced, a lot has gone into improving it. We have worked very closely with Ranking Member WATERS , the SEC, and FINRA to ensure this legislation does what it is intended to do. We have taken their suggestions to improve numerous provisions of the bill, and I want to thank Mr. HILLagain for his flexibility in doing that. This new version reflects a year of collaboration among Democrats, Republicans, and the regulators. The finished product is a clarified, more effective version of the original bill. I am proud to say I believe that we have arrived at an agreement that works for everyone. Again, I would like to thank Mr. HILL for his leadership on this issue. I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for his leadership of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises. I appreciate greatly the kind comments, sponsorship, and good work of my friend, the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. CARNEY). Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5019, the FAIR Act, Fair Access to Investment Research Act. This bill is similar to a bill that I introduced with Mr. CARNEY that passed the House as a part of H.R. 1675 and passed our committee by a strong bipartisan vote. b1515 As my friend from Delaware said, we have worked diligently to improve this legislation and we have worked carefully with our colleagues in the minority to make sure that this bill fully represents the bipartisan consensus on the intent of the FAIR Act. This bill is very simple: it allows brokerdealers involved in a distribution to issue research reports on the rapidly growing medium of the exchangetraded funds, or the ETF, market. Since I started my most recent investment firm in the late 1990s, I have personally seen the ETF market grow from about 100 funds and $100 billion in assets to over 1,400 funds and nearly $2 trillion in assets. And some reports predict an additional $1 trillion might shift into ETFs should the Department of Labor’s recent fiduciary rule actually go into effect. Further, today’s ETFs frequently are more complicated and require more analysis on the part of investors. Yet despite their rapid appreciation and growth in popularity and increasing importance to retail investors, most brokerdealers do not publish research on ETFs due to anomalies in the securities laws and regulations that Mr. GARRETT so ably discussed. Throughout this process, there has been essentially universal support for increasing investor knowledge and access to information on ETFs—that a safe harbor in this regard simply makes good sense. As Mr. CARNEY said, this issue is not unfamiliar to the Commission, as it has been raised both to the SEC and by the SEC several times over the past 17 years, most recently in 2004. As a part of its Securities Offering Reform proposal, the Commission requested comment on whether ‘‘reliance on proposed rule 139 should be permitted if the issuer is an openend management investment company or other investment company.’’ The comments were universally supported, but the rule was never adopted. Given the importance of ETFs to today’s market, steps to facilitate research and allow investors access to this useful information is long overdue. The FAIR Act directs the SEC to provide a safe harbor for research reports that cover ETFs so that these reports are not considered ‘‘offers’’ under section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933. This mirrors other research safe harbors implemented by the SEC for other categories. The bill also helps the SEC organize, in my view, its ‘‘50 front burners’’ and holds it accountable to follow Congress’ direction by requiring the Commission to finalize rules within 180 days or an interim safe harbor will take effect until the rule is proposed and finalized. With close to 6 million U.S. households holding ETFs, investors need access to this research to be 
better informed and make better long term investment decisions. Again, I would like to thank the chairman, Mr. CARNEY ; Mrs. M ALONEY , the ranking member; and all of the staff on both the majority and minority side for working to develop this commonsense proposal to provide more information to American investors. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, having no further speakers at this time and appreciating the fact that this prioritizes the 50 front burners at the SEC, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5019. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FLOOD INSURANCE MARKET PARITY AND MODERNIZATION ACT Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2901) to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2901 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Providing American homeowners and businessowners more affordable consumer options in the flood insurance marketplace has been one of my top priorities since I was elected to Congress to represent central Florida and the Tampa Bay region in our Nation’s Capital. Private competition in this market will lead to greater innovation and more affordable and comprehensive policies for consumers. We have seen numerous floods devastating communities across the country in recent years, most recently in Houston, and last August in my very own congressional district. Every State and every congressional district is at risk for flooding. With hurricane season just a few weeks away from beginning, it is time for Congress to take action to benefit and better protect consumers. Unfortunately, regulatory barriers and the bias of regulators favoring National Flood Insurance Program policies have prevented the development of a private flood insurance marketplace. This was not the intention of the BiggertWaters Act. Rather, it was an unintended consequence. With that in mind, I worked with my colleague from across the aisle, Representative PATRICK MURPHY , to introduce H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. This bipartisan legislation will remove the unnecessary regulatory barriers and require Federal agencies to accept private flood insurance that complies with the laws and regulations of the State of an insured property. Under current law, consumers are limited to the coverage options provided by the NFIP. For example, an NFIP policy only covers up to $250,000 of damages related to a residential home. In addition, an NFIP policy does not cover a homeowner’s living expenses, such as temporary housing, if they are displaced as a result of a flood. In the case of a business, an NFIP policy does not provide coverage for the financial losses suffered by businesses as a result of a flood. While the NFIP is limited in what their policies can cover, the private sector is not. The private sector will provide more incentives for property owners to invest in mitigation and resiliency. Ultimately, this increased emphasis on mitigation will benefit homeowners and taxpayers alike. Studies have shown that, for every $1 of investment in mitigation, communities see a savings of up to $4 in government funded disaster relief. I want to take a moment and thank Chairman HENSARLING and my subcommittee chair, BLAINE LUETKE MEYER , for their support of this legislation and their leadership on this important issue. I also want to thank the ranking member, MAXINE WATERS , for working with my staff and me through this entire process. This legislation is supported by a number of stakeholders, from the Realtors, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, to a broad coalition of taxpayer advocates, environmental groups, housing organizations, and mitigation advocates. On March 2, 2016, the legislation passed out of the House Financial Services Committee by a vote of 53–0. With such strong bipartisan support, I am encouraged Congress is taking such an important step on behalf of consumers not only in Florida, but across the country. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in passing this commonsense, bipartisan legislation that will encourage the expansion of a wellregulated, more affordable private flood insurance option for homeowners. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, H.R. 2901, and I want to congratulate Mr. ROSSand Mr. M URPHY for coming up with a piece of bipartisan legislation. I want to be clear that the issues surrounding flood insurance are difficult and complicated, and there are differences of opinion as to how much of a role private insurance can play. This bill threads that needle. This bill says we all agree that there is more role for private insurance and we should remove any barriers that might be there so that people can be better served and have better competition. I think this bill does a pretty good job doing that. I don’t think private insurance is ever going to—I am not sure that is possible, but it is a different debate— take the place of national flood insurance. And we are working on that. Mr. ROSShas been a great leader on that, as has Mr. MURPHY . I want to thank them and congratulate them, and I look forward to working with them further to do more as we move forward. This particular bill is one good step in the right direction, and I want to congratulate the two authors and thank them for their leadership. I look forward to supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. Since its inception back in 1968, the National Flood Insurance Program was never intended to cover policies that the private sector was able and willing to underwrite. In fact, one stated goal for the program was ‘‘the Federal Government would create an opportunity for private industry to obtain . . . experience in operating a flood insurance program . . . and that sometime in the future, the program could become an allprivate program.’’ Nearly 50 years have passed and, to no one’s surprise, private sector flood insurance risk modeling and analytics have dramatically improved. While this House may not be ready to take up complete privatization, it is time to provide a role for the private market to underwrite primary flood insurance policies. Passage of this bipartisan bill means more consumer choice, more market competition, and more product information. Consumers, for the first time, will be able to shop for a flood policy that fits their particular needs. This bill also has the added benefit of decreasing the aggregate flood insurance exposure to the Federal Government and decreasing the potential for a future taxpayerbacked bailout, which is very, very important. So I commend both gentlemen for their work on this important issue, and 
I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), my good friend. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding time to me. You might wonder: Why is someone from New Mexico even speaking about flood insurance problems? We get about 9 inches of rain a year in my district. Also, it is the high desert. They call it that because we begin at around 3,500 feet of elevation and work up from there. The way the National Flood Insurance Program has worked out in the past is that people are required, because they happen to be in a flood plain—and we are not dealing with whether or not they should be in a flood plain; we are dealing with the fact that they get no competitive bids—to only get the one government size bid. And that is never very functional. So the most egregious circumstance that exists is one that one of my constituents mentioned. He said: I live at the top of a 7,000foot mountain. The water is down here at about 4,000 feet, 3,000 feet below me, and I have to buy flood insurance. Well, the fact that he has to buy flood insurance is egregious enough, but the fact that he has to live and pay premiums based on the actuary standards that might exist in Florida is the egregious part. What it does is keeps houses from selling and people from being able to buy houses in New Mexico because they have been defined as being in a flood plain. b1530 If the market were out there, there would be companies that say: Wait. That guy is never going to flood. I can charge him a minute amount and still make money on his policy. Yet, nothing like that exists. So we find ourselves paying to the same standards as the people in Florida pay when we get 9 inches of rain a year. So I really appreciate the gentleman’s attempt to bring some competition into the workplace. I appreciate Mr. CAPUANO ’s support of the bill, Mr. MURPHY ’s underlying cosponsorship. I am here to support heartily H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, you learn something new every day. I am one of those people. I never expected a guy from New Mexico to be speaking on the flood insurance bill. I thank Mr. PEARCE for educating me even further. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ) for his efforts and leadership in this regard. Look, this isn’t the bealltoendall, but it is the best first step that we can have as a Congress to make sure that we give our consumers affordable options in flood insurance. As we address the reauthorization of the BiggertWaters Act next year, this will provide a bridge for bringing the private sector back into the market to show that they are willing to assume some of this risk to the benefit of the consumers. There are quite a few groups out there that support this particular legislation. To name a few, that includes the Reinsurance Association of America, National Multifamily Housing Council, National Apartment Association, National Taxpayers Union, American Insurance Association, National Association of Realtors, Mortgage Bankers Association, and R Street. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join us and overwhelmingly pass this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HILL). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2901, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
GREAT LAKES RESTORATION INITIATIVE ACT OF 2016 Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 223) to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 223 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 223, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to bring up H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016, introduced by my Ohio colleague, Congressman DAVEJOYCE , on the floor today. The Great Lakes are an important resource for the United States. More than 30 million people live in the Great Lakes region, and the lakes help support over $200 billion a year in economic activity. The Great Lakes Interagency Task Force of Federal agencies was created in 2004 by executive order to help ensure coordination between the Federal, State, and private parties protecting and restoring the Great Lakes. In 2010, the task force released an action plan as part of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative to accelerate efforts to protect and restore the Great Lakes. Under the Initiative, the Environmental Protection Agency collaborates with other Federal partners, including the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force, to select the best combination of projects and activities for Great Lakes protection and restoration. In September of 2014, the Federal agencies released an updated Action Plan II, which summarizes the actions that the Federal agencies plan to implement during fiscal years 2015 through 2019. The Action Plan aims to strategically target the biggest threats to the Great Lakes ecosystem and to accelerate progress toward longterm goals. H.R. 223 will formally authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative for 5 years and modifies the program based on recommendations that the Committee received from stakeholders, hearings, and the GAO reports on EPA’s activities during multiple years of oversight. The bill is a positive step forward for the Great Lakes region and the United States as a whole as we continue to prioritize protection and restoration of one of our Nation’s most valuable resources. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016. This bill extends the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, a program which has had bipartisan support among the Great Lakes delegation for 5 years. I want to thank my colleagues, Representatives DAVID JOYCE , DANLIPINSKI, and R ICKNOLAN , for their hard work and effort to extend the authorization of appropriations for this program through fiscal year 2021. These and other members of the Midwest delegation worked diligently to get this legislation to the floor for consideration. I want to thank them all for a job well done. It accelerates efforts to protect and restore the Great Lakes, the largest system of surface freshwater in the world. Through unprecedented Federal agency coordination and the development of partnerships with the Great Lakes States and local communities, the initiative has already funded more than 2,000 projects to improve water quality, protect and restore native habitats, and prevent and control invasive species in the Great Lakes. Mr. Speaker, legislation similar to this bill was included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016. However, that authorization was only for 1 fiscal year. This legislation provides for a full 5year reauthorization. That timeline is necessary to allow many longer term projects to be planned, capitalized, and completed. Further, this bill will allow States and local communities to coordinate their efforts to combat harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes for the first time. The harmful algal blooms that shut down the drinking water system in Toledo, Ohio, for 3 days in 2014 and that reemerged in 2015 are still fresh in our memories. For this reason, I am pleased that this legislation includes the text of H.R. 1923, sponsored by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), to require EPA to appoint a Federal coordinator to work with the Federal agencies, the States, the tribes, and other stakeholders to address the recurring challenges of algal blooms in the Great Lakes. This coordinator will ensure that GLRI funds are utilized in the most efficient and effective way to reduce nutrients finding their way into the lakes. Lastly, this bill includes a savings clause to clarify that the GLRI authorization does not expand the regulatory authority of EPA related to restoration of the Great Lakes. I did not advocate for this provision. However, let’s make it clear here today on the floor that this language should not be interpreted as preventing EPA or other Federal agencies from continuing to utilize their existing authorities to address ongoing water quality challenges facing the lakes. Accordingly, this bill should help ensure that the Federal departments are able to fund work using all the existing tools in the toolbox that cause harmful algal blooms and other pollution and prevent Asian carp from invading the lakes, which would be a disaster, and clean up areas of concern and other highpriority threats. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 223. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to my colleague from Ohio 
(Mr. J OYCE ), who has been a strong advocate for the protection of the Great Lakes and a sponsor of the bill. Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016. First, I want to thank my good friend, BOBGIBBS of Ohio, for helping me to shepherd this legislation through the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. I also want to thank Chairman SHUSTER for lending a hand and providing guidance on this. Now, I know I may sound like a broken record, but one of the greatest natural resources and economic powerhouses we have in the United States and the world, for that matter, is the Great Lakes. I think the resource is incredibly important because, in the future, freshwater is going to be the new gold. And, if you believe that like I do, you understand why the Great Lakes are so important. Let me give you a few quick facts about this treasure. The Great Lakes contains onefifth of the world’s fresh surface water. The Great Lakes contain about 85 percent of the fresh surface water in North America. In the U.S., the Great Lakes account for 95 percent of the fresh surface water. That is a lot of fresh water. If you took the water and spread it evenly across the Continental United States, the Great Lakes would submerge our country under 9
1⁄2feet of water. These lakes provide more than 35 million people with their drinking water. These Great Lakes support more than 3,500 species of plants and animals. Studies have shown that more than 1
1⁄2million jobs are connected to the five lakes, and they generate $62 billion in wages. Now, I know I have uttered those facts around the Capitol like a broken record since I got here, as have others, but these are powerful in telling our story. An investment in protecting this national treasure is a small down payment in protecting the drinking water for millions of people. This legislation will continue to make sure that we look at these Great Lakes as a national treasure and coordinate our investment in protecting them. Please stand with me today in sending a message to protect and preserve our Great Lakes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN). Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I also thank my colleagues from Ohio. This has been one of the true bipartisan issues that we have dealt with. So I would like to thank Mr. GIBBS, Mr. JOYCE , Ms. K APTUR , MARCIA FUDGE , JIMRENACCI , also, P ETEVISCLOSKY , and CHRIS COLLINS . As you just heard from Mr. JOYCE , the Great Lakes are a huge issue. But, also, for us, Lake Erie is a huge issue. My legislation was put into this bill to require the EPA to appoint a coordinator to address the issue of harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes. We have so many groups that are interested, but we need the EPA to help coordinate. Our friends helped get this language into this bill, and I am deeply grateful for that. These harmful algal blooms affect over half a million Ohioans. It did in 2014. Lake Erie provides clean drinking water for approximately 3 million Ohioans, many of them up and around the Cleveland and Toledo areas. In August 2014, we had an environmental disaster caused by a harmful algal bloom that left nearly 500,000 residents of Toledo and the western basin without safe drinking water for 3 days. Lake Erie’s tourist industry generates $12.9 billion in visitor spending, including 119,000 jobs, and contributes $1.7 billion in Federal, State, and local taxes. This crisis just continues to build, and it is critical that we start working together to come up with a plan to stem the growing tide. The Great Lakes’ abundance of fresh water is a vital resource and a strategic advantage, and it is critical that we do everything in our power to combat the threats to the Great Lakes that threaten the health and wellbeing of Ohio and other States surrounding the Great Lakes. So we must do everything we can. This language helps to make that happen. This language will ensure that there is a coordinator at the EPA to work with the appropriate Federal, State, local, tribal, and foreign governments to address this critical issue affecting the State of Ohio. As we see the changes in our economy and as we see what is happening out west, we are reminded every single day how critical and how lucky we are, those of us who live in the Great Lakes region, to be able to access this fresh water. So, again, I thank my friends from Ohio. I thank Mr. SHUSTER from this committee, Mr. DEFAZIO, and others who helped make this happen and for including this language in the bill. 
Hon. T IMRYAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN RYAN: We write in support of H.R. 1923, your bill requiring the administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to appoint a Great Lakes Harmful Algal Bloom Coordinator, which is now part of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2015. Thank you for your leadership and for being a champion for our Great Lakes, particularly Lake Erie. Currently there are many efforts underway to reduce the number of harmful algal blooms throughout the Great Lakes, such as in Lake Erie, Saginaw and Green Bays, and Fox River. These efforts, however, are not always coordinated to leverage resources and share vital information. Appointing a coordinator ensures resources are used effectively and efficiently and that federal, state, and local agencies, tribal governments, universities and nongovernmental organizations are working collaboratively to reduce phosphorus flowing into the Great Lakes. The first step is a coordinator to ensure everyone is working together to address these complex issues. A coordinator could not come quickly enough. Lake Erie is the canary in the coal mine of what is to come for freshwater bodies if the nation does not solve this problem. In 2015, Lake Erie experienced a HAB that stretched from Michigan to well past Cleveland and was the biggest bloom on record. In 2014 and 2013, residents in the Toledo area and Carroll Township, respectively, went without tap water because of the toxins produced by these blooms. As you know, over 30 million people rely on the Great Lakes for their drinking water. We must take action now because the longer we wait, the more serious and expensive this problem becomes. Please let Kristy Meyer with the Ohio Environmental Council know how we can be helpful in seeing this vital piece of legislation become law. Sincerely, Heather TaylorMiesle, Executive Director, Ohio Environmental Council; Jill Ryan, Executive Director, Freshwater Future; Molly Flanagan, Vice President, Policy, Alliance for the Great Lakes; Cheryl Nenn, Riverkeeper, Milwaukee Riverkeeper; Carol A. Stepien, Professor of Ecology, Director, Lake Erie Science Center, University of Toledo; Howard A. Lerner, Executive Director, Environmental Law & Policy Center; Deanna White, State Director, Clean Water Action Minnesota; Jennifer McKay, Policy Specialist, Tipp of the Mitt Watershed; Melinda Hughes, President, Nature Abounds; Michael Griffin, Executive Director, County Executives of America; George Meyer, Executive Director, Wisconsin Wildlife Federation. Sandy Bihn, Executive Director, Lake Erie Waterkeeper, Inc; Jim Stouffer, President, Lake Erie Improvement Association; Lynn McClure, Midwest Regional Director, National Parks Conservation Association; Mike Shriberg, Regional Executive Director, Great Lakes, National Wildlife Federation; Matt Misicka, President, Ohio Conservation Federation; Paul Pacholski, President, Lake Erie Charter Boat Association; Ray Stewart, President, Ohio Wetland Association; Nicole Barker, Executive Director, Save the Dunes; Joy Mulinex, Director of Government Relations, Western Reserve Land Conservancy; Indra Frank, MD, MPH, Environmental Health & Water Policy Director, Hoosier Environmental Council; Brian Smith, Associate Executive Director, Citizens Campaign for the Environment. Rick Novickis, MPH, RS, Director of Environmental Public Health Services, Cuyahoga County Board of Health; J. Meiring Borcherds, Watershed Coordinator, Mill Creek Watershed Partnership; Ivan J. Hack, Jr., President, Headwaters Chapter, Izaak Walton League of America; Sr. Rose Therese Nolta, SSpS, Justice and Peace Coordinator, Holy Spirit Missionary Sisters; Irene Senn, Coordinator, Religious Coalition for the Great Lakes; Robert Stegmier, National Director, Izaak Walton League of America; Josh Knights, Executive Director, The Nature Conservancy, Ohio Chapter; Christi Carlson, President, Friends of Euclid Creek; Charlotte Jameson, Government Affairs Director, Michigan League of Conservation Voters; Katie Rousseau, Director, Clean Water Supply, Great Lakes, American Rivers; Denny Caneff, Executive Director, River Alliance of Wisconsin; Todd Ambs, Campaign Director, Healing Our Waters—Great Lakes Coalition. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ), who has fought for years to protect the Great Lakes. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. I thank the chairman for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my very, very, strong support for H.R. 223, which is the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2016. b1545 Actually, as the chairman has said, protecting and preserving the Great Lakes has always been a principal advocacy for myself in all the years that I have been in public service, way before I came to the Congress. I actually grew up on the Great Lakes. I still live on the Great Lakes. My family was in the marina business, so for us, the lakes were more than just a source of recreation, they put food on the table for my family. Like so many from the region, the Great Lakes are such a very proud, proud part of our heritage and of our identity. Our Great Lakes, as has been said, generate billions of dollars each and every year through the fishing and shipping industries and recreational activities. They account for 85 to 90 percent of this country’s freshwater drinking supply and over 20 percent worldwide. There is actually more freshwater under the polar icecaps, but you cannot get at it. You can’t get at it to drink it. You can get at the Great Lakes. That is why we are always wanting to protect the Great Lakes. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, we have not been the best stewards of these magnificent lakes, and we owe it, I think, to future generations to help assure that they are protected and that they are preserved as well. One of the ways to do that, I believe, is through continued funding and support of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. For years, the administration has proposed budgets that include cuts of millions of dollars to the GLRI, but it is Congress—this Congress—that has always stepped in to recover this funding. That is just one of the reasons that I support this bill, because it does authorize funding at the essential levels— $300 million—for the next 5 years. Mr. Speaker, I will also join my colleagues in pointing out that this is truly a bipartisan effort, as you can tell from the people that are on the floor this morning talking about this. Most of us are from the Great Lakes, whether it is Ohio, Michigan, or some of the other Great Lakes States. But it is not just a regional jewel, just a regional treasure, the Great Lakes are a national treasure and deserve to be protected in that way. Mr. Speaker, over the years I have seen firsthand the impact that GLRI is having on our lakes, whether that is dredging, or beach and shoreline restoration, fighting invasive species, all of these projects are so critical. Just last fall I was delighted to be part of the unveiling of $20 million of GLRI grants for the Clinton River Restoration. The Clinton River, which flows through a major metropolitan area in southeast Michigan, is in desperate need of restoration. So this funding will go a long way in ensuring that the Clinton River is no longer an area of concern and has a thriving ecosystem and a watershed. Mr. Speaker, God gave us these magnificent, magnificent Great Lakes that have provided us with so much, but we need to be better stewards of them. Quite frankly, we have a lot of making up to do to Mother Nature—a lot of making up. I believe this bill goes a long way in bringing the necessary attention and the resources to a problem that we have long ago identified and need to address. Mr. Speaker, again, I strongly support H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act, and I urge all my colleagues to support it as well. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the ranking member, for yielding. I also want to thank the folks on both sides of the aisle for their great work on this Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, particularly my colleague from Michigan, Congresswoman MILLER , who just spoke and who will be leaving Congress at the end of this year. She has been a defender of the Great Lakes for her entire time here. I think it is a fitting part of her legacy that this legislation, hopefully today, will pass this House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, being from Michigan and being a part of the Great Lakes, really growing up around the lakes and in the lakes gives us a lot of pride in my home State. It is the greatest freshwater source, surface freshwater source on the planet, and provides drinking water to over 30 million Americans. It is a great economic resource as well with great benefits to our entire Nation. It supports millions of jobs, and billions of income every year is derived from the dependence that we have on this great resource. It supports commerce, agriculture, transportation, and tourism. It is home to over 3,500 species of plants and animals. It is an incredible ecosystem. But we know that the threat to the lakes—the threats—multiple threats to the lakes—are real. From invasive species like Asian carp to toxic chemical contamination and to habitat loss, we have to do everything we can within our power to protect the Great Lakes and combat these really clear present threats. So I am really proud in a very bipartisan fashion to support full funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative to protect and restore that which we have lost in the largest system of fresh water in the world. In the short time that the GLRI has been in place, we have made progress— and we know that this is an effective program—addressing longstanding environmental problems confronting the lakes. Over 2,500 individual projects have already been implemented to improve water quality, to clean up contaminated shorelines, to protect and restore native habitats and species, and to control invasive species. Mr. Speaker, we are here because we know we have to do more. I join my colleagues in urging Congress to join us in supporting the economic and environmental health of the Great Lakes and making this a permanent part of American law. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to make a couple of closing comments. We had some hearings in my subcommittee on this, and part of our oversight responsibility is to make sure that taxpayer dollars are being spent the way they should be. We requested a GAO—a government accountability—report, and I am pleased to announce that the report came back very favorable, that the monies to be invested to protect the Great Lakes is being spent the way it is intended to be. The only negative that was in the report—which is really minor—was the agencies, the EPA needed to do a better job working together and communicating, and they already had started that when they got the report. So I want to assure our fiscal hawks out there that this money is being spent the way it is intended by Congress, and we got that as part of our oversight duty. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I urge our support of H.R. 223 and to continue to protect and enhance the Great Lakes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 223, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AMENDING THE FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT TO REAUTHORIZE THE NATIONAL ESTUARY PROGRAM Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1523) to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1523 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 1523. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are here to reauthorize the National Estuary Program found in section 320 of the Clean Water Act. Last June, here in the House, we passed Mr. LOBIONDO ’s H.R. 944, and today we are passing S. 1523, which was introduced by Senator WHITEHOUSE . Estuaries are unique and highly productive waters that are important to the ecological and economic bases of our Nation. Congress first authorized the National Estuary Program in the 1987 amendments to the Clean Water Act to promote the protection of nationally significant estuaries in the United States that are deemed to be threatened by pollution, development, or overuse. Unlike many of the programs under the Clean Water Act, the National Estuary Program is a nonregulatory program. Instead, it is designed to support the collaborative, voluntary efforts of Federal, State, and local stakeholders to restore degraded estuaries. Using consensus building and a collaborative decisionmaking process instead of a topdown driven regulatory approach, the National Estuary Program has been effective at promoting locally based involvement. In addition, NEP leverages nonFederal money for restoration activities by providing funding for the program. In reauthorizing the National Estuary Program, S. 1523 makes prudent fiscal adjustments. The amendment to S. 1523 strikes the text of the Senate bill and instead uses the legislative text of the Housepassed bill, H.R. 944. An agreement was reached to split the difference in authorized appropriations levels of the two bills. As amended, the bill reauthorizes section 320 of the Clean Water Act through 2021, at an amount of $26.5 million a year. This amount is consistent with appropriations over the past 5 years and in recognition of the fiscal realities of today. S. 1523 also directs more funds to where they need to be, the individual estuaries in the program. The bill achieves this by reducing the amount of discretionary funds made available to the EPA. Finally, the bill allocates a portion of the eligible program funds for competitive awards to Federal, State, and local stakeholders to address certain highpriority estuary needs, including algal blooms, hypoxia, flooding, and invasive species. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of S. 1523. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House is again considering legislation to reauthorize EPA’s National Estuary Program. Last summer the House approved by voice vote a similar bill championed by my colleagues, the gentlemen from Washington (Mr. LARSEN ) and Florida (Mr. MURPHY ). I thank them for their hard work and dedication to produce this important piece of legislation. Estuaries are integral to the health and vibrancy of our national economy and environment. They are formed, as we all know, when fresh water drained from land mixes with salty seawater, and they serve as a nesting and feeding grounds for many plants and animals that form the basis of the aquatic food chain. Estuaries also help to maintain healthy ocean and coastal environments by filtering out sediments and pollutants that flow through our rivers and streams before they reach the ocean. Moreover, during storm and flood events, estuaries help defend our shores by softening the blow of storm surge. More than onehalf of our population lives in coastal areas, and countless Americans depend on estuaries for storm and flood protection, and for the cultivation of their livelihoods. Estuarine habitats provide for millions of jobs in our country and contribute trillions to our national economy every year. These jobs are created by commercial and recreational fishing and boating, as well as tourism and other forms of recreation taking place just off our shores. As one of my colleagues noted during previous consideration of this legislation, restoring our estuaries can create more than 30 jobs for every $1 million invested. Regrettably, before we understood— fully understood—the extraordinary and irreplaceable value of estuaries, numerous activities were undertaken that have led to the decline in the health of our estuaries, leaving these coastal areas of our country vulnerable to pollution and more frequent and severe storm events. It is also undeniable that the population growth near estuaries has led to increased storm water runoff and sewage discharges fed into these fragile environments. Simply put, estuaries are too ecologically important to leave their fate to chance. With that in mind, today we consider S. 1523, desperately needed legislation that will reauthorize EPA’s National Estuary Program. Since 1987, the National Estuary Program has operated at EPA in partnership with State and local partners and has developed innovative solutions to local water quality problems in estuarine environments. This nonregulatory program currently works to improve the health of 28 estuaries across the country, including three estuaries in Northwest: Puget Sound, Tillamook, and Columbia River estuaries. These estuaries are of great support to my home State, Oregon, and our regional and national economies. 
Restoring and protecting these areas should be one of our highest concerns. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill would ensure that logical organizations across the country in partnership with the EPA can protect and restore estuaries for the benefit of future generations. I support passage of this legislation and hope that this is the last time this House must act to send this important bill to the President. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting S. 1523. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ), who is a sponsor of the bill and has worked tirelessly to protect estuaries throughout the Nation. b1600 Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman G IBBS, Ranking Members DEFAZIO and N APOLITANO , as well as my colleagues Mr. LARSEN , Mr. POSEY , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida for helping to draft this legislation and reauthorization. We all share the hope that this is the last goaround to get this done. Estuaries across the country, including the Delaware Bay and Barnegat Bay estuaries in my district, have immeasurable economic, ecological, and environmental benefit. They deserve continued congressional support. This version of the National Estuary Program reauthorization is a bipartisan, fiscally responsible compromise with the Senate that reduces the authorization by $8.5 million. The important part is it ultimately increases the amount of money each estuary program will receive. Unlike many programs under the Clean Water Act, the National Estuary Program is a nonregulatory program, uniquely designed to support the collaborative, voluntary efforts of Federal, State, and local stakeholders to restore degraded estuaries. Unfortunately, the NEPs have been losing money due to increasing EPA administrative costs. We have heard that before, but, in this particular case, it is really hurting. To correct that, our legislation details precisely how the EPA is to spend the authorized and appropriated money. By setting limits of 5 percent for the EPA’s administrative costs, we can guarantee 80 percent of the funding goes directly to the needs of the estuary and not bureaucratic salary and red tape. Also, in this year’s reauthorization, we have set aside 15 percent of the funding for a competitive award program. This program seeks applications to deal with urgent and challenging issues that threaten the ecological and economic wellbeing of coastal areas. By structuring how the money is spent and lowering authorization levels, this legislation strikes the right balance of fiscal and environmental responsibility. I want to thank my colleagues once again for their strong support of this, and I urge all Members to support the bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this important legislation to protect estuaries throughout the country. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1523, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FOREIGN SPILL PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1684) to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to impose penalties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and damages in connection with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1684 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Spill Protection Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1684. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, following the Exxon Valdez disaster in Alaska in 1989, Congress passed the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, or OPA. The basic premise of OPA is that the party responsible for the spill is responsible for all of the costs of cleaning up the mess. The Deepwater Horizon spill in 2010 reminded us of the impact a spill of its size can have on waters, coastlines, people, and our economy. It is important to note that these offshore facilities, as defined by OPA, are limited only to the navigable waters of the United States, and foreign rigs cannot be designated as responsible parties. Therefore, if there were an oil spill originating in foreign waters, the most the responsible party would have to pay to clean up American waters and shores is $150 million. This issue is of particular concern to Gulf States. Mexico, Cuba, and the Bahamas are actively looking at expanding their offshore drilling operations. Of particular concern is Mexico, which is looking into ultradeep wells, exceeding 6,000 feet in depth. In 2012, Mexico’s top oil regulators said they were not prepared to handle a serious accident or major oil spill. But it is not just the Gulf States that could be negatively affected by a spill. On the Canadian side of Lake Erie, offshore energy exploration is being conducted for natural gas. While Canadian law prohibits oil extraction from the Great Lakes, the risk of a spill persists. Again, under current law, the responsible party would only have to pay a maximum of $150 million for cleanup. In response to these concerns, my friend from Florida, Representative 
PATRICK MURPHY , and I introduced the legislation that is being considered here today. The bill ensures that the responsible party, regardless of origin, pays for all American cleanup costs by applying OPA. This will also apply Clean Water Act penalties to the responsible foreign party. I am proud that this legislation has broad bipartisan support and has been endorsed by environmental fishing and other groups that depend on the water for their livelihoods. Our coastal communities need peace of mind that if they are harmed by a foreign spill, resources are available to clean up their shores and help them recover. American taxpayers should not have to foot the bill to bail out the mistakes of foreign companies. I would like to thank and commend the Coast Guard and the majority and minority staffs of the committee, particularly John Rayfield and Dave Jansen, for their work on this important legislation. H.R. 1684 is a very straightforward bill that looks to hold the party responsible for a foreign oil spill that affects U.S. waters or lands accountable. I urge all Members to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this noncontroversial legislation that will clarify existing Federal authority regarding the liability for and enforcement of offshore oil spills originating from a foreign source outside the U.S. exclusive economic zone. H.R. 1684, the Foreign Spill Protection Act of 2016, clarifies that owners and operators of oil production facilities located offshore and outside the United States are liable for cleanup costs and damages from oil spills. These foreign entities are responsible for oil spills that originate outside U.S. waters if they threaten or cause damage in the United States. The foreign entities would be subject to criminal and civil penalties, Federal removal authority, and any Stateauthorized remedy currently allowed under Federal and State law. I would like to commend the cooperation shown by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Chairman SHUSTER , Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee Chairman HUNTER , and Ranking Member GARAMENDI in working out the final details of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, the Deepwater Horizon disaster painfully reminded us of how catastrophic an offshore oil spill can be, both in its geographic reach and in its environmental and economic costs. The settled liability and enforcement regimes authorized under the Oil Pollution Act and the Clean Water Act have proven themselves to be comprehensive, durable, and effective. In the event of a spill, this response regime has ensured time and time again that the Federal Government has clear, unequivocal authority to respond to a spill, restore the environment and communities harmed, and recover damages for the harm caused. This legislation will in no way impede or change those indispensable authorities. In closing, it is a helpful enhancement to clarify that spills originating from foreign sources fall under this wellestablished legal regime. I ask Members on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to thank the ranking member, Mr. DEFAZIO, for his statement and for his cooperation on this legislation. I also want to thank Chairman SHUSTER . As the gentleman mentioned, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is oftentimes an example of how we can put politics aside to work together and do good things for the American people. This legislation is very important to my constituents in south Florida, in the Florida Keys, and, really, to coastal communities all over the country. So I thank the gentleman for his statement. I thank everyone who had a part in crafting this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MURPHY ), who is vitally interested and concerned about this legislation. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida and I thank the gentleman from Oregon for their tireless efforts to protect our environment. As the gentleman from Florida and I know firsthand, so much of our economy is based on our environment. Making sure that we have clean water and clean air is exactly what we need to be focused on. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, ensuring the party responsible for such oil spills is held liable. Hopefully, we get bipartisan support going forward. I thank the two gentlemen for their work putting this forward. I would also like to rise today in support of H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. I was proud to put this bipartisan legislation forward with my good friend, another gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS) to clarify that private flood insurance may be an available option for homeowners to satisfy mandatory coverage requirements under the National Flood Insurance Program. For Florida homeowners, this is a winwin, giving them more options for flood insurance coverage and using new competition to drive down prices and expand coverage options for consumers. The National Flood Insurance Program is an important tool that empowers and protects homeowners all across America. The BiggertWaters Act of 2012 took an important step in opening up the market and allowing private flood insurance policies to satisfy mandatory coverage requirements under the program. However, as we have learned, sometimes even the best laid plans can have unintended consequences. With a lack of clarity as to which private flood insurance policies are allowed in the program, the market has not been able to expand, and consumers have been left with just one choice to insure their properties from flood risk: the National Flood Insurance Program. I recently heard from one of my constituents in Martin County, Florida, about how the premium for just 1 year of flood insurance coverage through the NFIP ended up being five times the price they expected it to be. To make matters worse, the maximum coverage was only half of what they paid for the home itself; yet they were required to purchase the higher priced plan that did not provide the coverage they needed because there were no other options. This highlights the urgent need to allow competition in the flood insurance marketplace to meet homeowners’ needs and drive down costs. But to do that, we must allow the States to license and regulate flood insurance policies, exactly like homeowners insurance, car insurance, or health insurance. Yet, almost inexplicably, Florida’s private flood insurance market remains restrained because homeowners are not given the choice to look to private market policies for more flood insurance options. The bank will not accept other policies because their regulators haven’t approved them. This bill will solve this problem by allowing State insurance commissioners, who have long been considered by Congress as the most appropriate regulators of insurance, to certify private insurance plans to provide equivalent or better protections for flood insurance other than the NFIP plan. Everyone I talk to agrees that Florida’s insurance commissioner is certainly better equipped to regulate flood insurance in our State than the Federal banking regulators. By breaking this down, we break down a major barrier to marketplace expansion. This legislation will foster more competition, greatly benefiting homeowners across Florida and the Nation. I thank the gentleman from Texas, Chairman HENSARLING , for his leadership on this issue. I also extend my deep gratitude to the gentlewoman from California, Ranking Member WATERS , for her relentless advocacy for consumers and for working with us to improve this legislation and produce a solid, bipartisan outcome. I appreciate all of my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee for moving this commonsense measure forward with unanimous, bipartisan support. 
b1615 I am hopeful that today it will be passed by the full House with similar support and will be swiftly considered in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2901, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Florida (Mr. MURPHY ), whom I saw in the Everglades on Friday. We were celebrating another great victory for Floridians there. Here today we are again celebrating that we have been able to get something done with the support of our colleagues on behalf of the people of our State. We decided early on in this Congress that we would work together to protect our coastal communities, and that is exactly what we are doing here today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1684, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMBATING TERRORIST RECRUITMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4820) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or estranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4820 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials to the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016. I commend Mr. FLEISCHMANN for offering this bipartisan counterterrorism bill at a time when we are in the highest terror threat environment since 9/11. We have more than 1,000 homegrown terror investigations in all 50 States, and we have arrested over 80 ISIS supporters in our country, many for plotting attacks. Terrorists are radicalizing our citizens online and across borders, which is why we need this legislation. It requires that the Secretary of Homeland Security use the testimonials of former extremists and defectors to help stop terrorist recruitment. President Obama himself—and I agree with him on this issue—argued last year: We need to lift up the voice of those who know the hypocrisy of groups like ISIS firsthand, including former extremists. He also noted: ‘‘Former extremists . . . can be powerful messengers in debunking these terrorist ideologies.’’ Our foreign partners are already using these types of testimonials overseas. So is our State Department. But we need to be doing this countermessaging here at home. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in front of my committee last month: My priority has been focusing on communities that I believe are most vulnerable to the appeals from ISIS, al Qaeda, and other terrorist groups overseas who are actively targeting individuals in these communities . . . This is as important as any of our other homeland security missions. I commend Secretary Johnson for his words and his work, but we are not acting quickly enough. That is why this bill was one of the top recommendations of the bipartisan task force we created last year to look at this threat. In their final report, the Democratic and Republican Members who led the task force said America needed to launch a concerted effort to use the testimonials of former extremists to combat terrorist propaganda. This is from a Virginia defector. Just last month an ISIS defector from Virginia was picked up in Iraq. He said he wanted to send a message to the American people that life with ISIS was miserable and that the group did not represent Islam. These are the types of voices we need to amplify so as to keep others from making the same mistakes. Some have argued that this bill limits the DHS in allowing it only to countermessage groups like ISIS and al Qaeda, but that is simply false. In fact, at our markup, legislative counsel told the members: ‘‘The current language in the bill is extremely broad based. It does not place a limitation on anything.’’ Although our bipartisan task force focused on foreign terrorist threats, the bill gives the Secretary the flexibility to address the full array of dangerous groups that threaten our people both here at home and abroad. I am proud to say that the majority of Republicans and Democrats on the House Homeland Security Committee support this legislation. Terrorists are recruiting our citizens at the speed of broadband. So we can’t move at the speed of bureaucracy. Today Congress has an opportunity to fight back. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H.R. 4820, the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016. It is troubling that some of my colleagues have circulated misinformation about this bill. Let me set the record straight. The Department of Homeland Security has repeatedly told my committee that H.R. 4820 is unnecessary insofar as the Department can already integrate public testimonials of former terrorists and violent extremists into its efforts to counter violent extremism and terrorism. In fact, yesterday I spoke with Secretary Johnson, and he reiterated that DHS has the authority it needs to carry out its countering violent extremism efforts and that this bill is unnecessary. I oppose H.R. 4820 today for the same reason I opposed it when it was considered earlier this month in committee. H.R. 4820 is nothing more than a message bill, a bill that sends the message to DHS to focus its countermessaging efforts on foreign terrorist groups. 
Domestic terror groups, like foreign terrorist organizations, recruit and spread propaganda through social media and online platforms. This bill ignores the fact that domestic terror groups, like foreign terrorist organizations, kill Americans. Since September 11, terrorists who have espoused their ideology of foreign terrorist organizations have been responsible for killing 45 innocent Americans on U.S. soil. During that same period, members of domestic terrorist organizations have murdered more than 48 Americans. If you ask law enforcement leaders across this country what keeps them up at night, they will likely say the prospect that there is a sovereign citizen group or militia plotting in their jurisdictions. Just last month the Atlanta police chief testified before my committee that he is deeply concerned about homegrown extremists and militia activity. His testimony echoes the results of a recent survey in which 74 percent of law enforcement identified antigovernment extremism as one of the three terrorist threats in their jurisdictions. In the last 2 months, we have seen the development of domestic terrorists: an attack on police officers in Georgia by a selfappointed wizard of the Ku Klux Klan; the conviction by a Federal grand jury in Mississippi of two members of the Aryan Brotherhood of Mississippi for their participation in various criminal acts, including those of drug production, trafficking, kidnapping, and murder; the indictment of two members of a sovereign citizen group in Columbus, Ohio, for building a bomb that was modeled after the suicide vests that were used in the November Paris attack; a fourcount indictment against a member of a Michigan sovereign citizen group for selling women and children into sexual slavery. Such abusive activities are chillingly similar to those of ISIL. In recognition of these facts, I, together with likeminded committee Democrats, made multiple proposals during and after the markup to fix the bill. We offered an amendment to define ‘‘violent extremist’’ to encompass not only those engaged in ideologically motivated international terrorism, but also in domestic terrorism. It was rejected. We offered an amendment to insert ‘‘domestic terrorist organization.’’ It was also rejected. Even after the markup, we made three more proposals to fix the bill. Each was rejected. By refusing to include any mention of domestic terrorist organizations, H.R. 4820 represents a significant departure from the holistic, comprehensive approach that has been espoused by the Obama administration to counter ideologically based violence. Since 2011, with the publication of the ‘‘Empowering Local Partners to Prevent Extremism in the United States’’ strategy by the White House, Federal efforts to prevent such terrorism have been guided by the recognition that violent extremists are inspired by a range of religious, political, or other ideological beliefs. The passage of H.R. 4820 would send the wrong message. As such, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Chattanooga, Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ), the sponsor and author of the bill. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 4820, the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act. I wish to thank Chairman MCCAUL and the members of the Homeland Security Committee for all of their hard work on this bill. I will never forget the moment back in July—I was standing on this floor— when I was told about the shootings at two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the town in which I live and proudly represent. As many of you may remember, four marines and one sailor were killed in the attack while several others were wounded. Just this past December, following the FBI investigation, Director James Comey concluded that the shootings ‘‘were motivated by foreign terrorist organization propaganda.’’ Given the recent attacks in Chattanooga and San Bernardino, as well as in Paris and Brussels, we need to use every tool in the toolbox to combat this new brand of extremism. This bill implements one of the key recommendations made by the Homeland Security Committee’s bipartisan task force, one that is specifically designed to counter terrorism and foreign fighter travel. This bill does not forbid DHS from countering all forms of extremism, but the bill does provide examples of how DHS can fulfill the requirement, such as countermessaging foreign terrorist organizations, which are actively recruiting in our country at an alarming rate. This bipartisan legislation requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to amplify the testimonials of former extremists and defectors to fight the propaganda and the recruitment of terrorist groups like ISIS. Foreign terrorists are using technology to radicalize Americans at a troubling pace, which continues to increase. More than 250 Americans have traveled or have attempted to travel to fight with jihadists in Syria and Iraq, and the FBI says there are open counterterrorism investigations in all 50 States, mostly ISIS related. Many of these individuals were pulled in by terrorist propaganda. b1630 ISIS is luring Americans with empty and false promises that do not reflect the true reality on the ground in places like Syria and Iraq. The true reality centers on fear, suffering, and the murder of innocent people throughout the region and around the world. Several recent defectors from ISIS have admitted that joining the group was a terrible mistake. One young fighter said he found it very hard to live there and no longer believes the group represents their religion. We need to do all we can to amplify the messages from these disillusioned terrorists who have firsthand experience with the evil and hypocrisy of these extremist groups. The State Department and many of our key allies already utilize the testimony of those disaffected by the true reality of these terror groups, and the concept was also endorsed by the Department of Homeland Security’s Homeland Security Advisory Council last spring. Unfortunately, there may be partisan opposition to this bipartisan bill. The majority of the Homeland Security committee members, on both sides of the aisle, supported the bill in committee. I will say it again: this bill received a majority of votes from both sides of the aisle in committee. Let’s not put partisanship ever ahead of our Nation’s security. This is a commonsense measure to hinder those recruiting efforts of groups like ISIS with the testimony of those who have seen the evil of these groups firsthand. I urge the support of my colleagues. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4820, the socalled Combating Terrorist Recruitment Bill. H.R. 4820 omits any mention of domestic terrorist organizations, a significant departure from the holistic, comprehensive approach that is adopted by the administration to counter ideologically based violence. This bill isolates the enemy to be those who are Islamist, those who are foreign, and those who are being radicalized by foreigners. How does this bill address the threat of terror from those who are not just jaded jihadists, like this bill was initially titled, but, rather, a part of domestic militia or part of a rightwing, ultraconservative, racist organization that wants to kill African Americans or other vulnerable populations? A recent study by the Police Executive Research Forum and the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security found that State and local law enforcement personnel are almost twice as concerned about rightwing and antigovernment terrorism as they are about the threat from al Qaeda, ISIS, and similar groups. The concerns of State and local law enforcement about domestic terrorism are well placed. Within the last year, we have seen a rightwing terrorist kill 
nine people at Mother Emanuel in Charleston and an antiabortion terrorist kill three people at the Planned Parenthood facility in Colorado. Since the attacks of 9/11, within the United States, domestic terrorists have killed 48 people, more than those killed by foreign terroristinspired attacks. Shouldn’t we be concerned about those who have demonstrated the greatest threat to our homeland in the last 15 years? H.R. 4820 represents a marked departure from a national strategy to combat terrorism and that recognizes that individuals who promote and use violence against the U.S. are inspired by a range of religious, political, or other ideological beliefs. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURBELO of Florida). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. This bill only serves to perpetuate the stigma associated with just one group of people who happen to practice Islam. It does not recognize a full range of terrorist threats to our homeland. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4820. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ), the original cosponsor of the bill and the chairman of the bipartisan task force. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for offering this legislation. Mr. Speaker, America continues to witness the largest convergence of radical Islamic threats in the history of our country. More than any threat before, ISIS demonstrated an ability to radicalize individuals throughout the world by utilizing the Internet. However, these individuals are met with the cold, hard reality that ISIS does not offer luxury, happiness, or peacefulness. On the contrary, these individuals are thrust onto the battlefield with little or no training and little or no regard for their lives. Some, when faced with the truth, try to turn back. Among those who recognize ISIS for the barbaric, destructive force that it is, some have actually dared to speak out against them, using their experience to dissuade others from risking their lives in order to wage war on innocent people. One of these individuals was mentioned by my colleague, Chairman Mike McCaul, and that individual grew up across the river from here in Alexandria, Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the efforts of our law enforcement and intelligence officials by supporting this bill. The Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016, of which I am a cosponsor, requires a dissemination of testimonials from ISIS defectors to help stop the radicalization of atrisk individuals. This bill comes from the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, of which I served as a Republican lead. Using these testimonials would fill a gap that our bipartisan task force identified in a bipartisan manner. I thank Chairman MCCAUL, who has led this effort. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I certainly don’t question the motivations of the gentleman who has sponsored this bill. He is a good man, a good American, and loves his country, but I believe it is misdirected. I really do. In my hand, if you remember, there is a report from 2009, the beginning of the Obama administration. All that work was done in the previous administration on this report. The report is quite revealing. Anybody who is on Homeland Security should read it because it tells us that we need not only to carry out the oath of office, half of it, but we should defend the country against foreign intruders. Also, it says in our oath ‘‘domestic’’ as well. This report lays out very clearly what is going on in the United States of America in our backyards. It was squashed. I remember the day when a Democratic Secretary of the Homeland Security heard from me about it, that she should not have bent over because those on the other side wanted this report squashed. There have been articles written since that time, 2009, of how it was squashed. They didn’t want the American people to read this. That is quite, quite a report. So I rise in opposition, Mr. Speaker, to H.R. 4820. No one loves this country more than the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ). I am not on that committee anymore, but no one respects it more than BENNIE THOMP SON. Why is he opposed to this? Is he opposed to this because he doesn’t love his country as much as the folks on the other side of the aisle? I don’t think so. Does he oppose it because he didn’t sponsor it? I don’t think so. He opposes it because this excludes very specific things which we should not exclude. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an additional 1 minute. Mr. PASCRELL. The House should not be picking and choosing what sources of terrorism the Department should focus on without taking into account all the facts. The House continues to ignore the threats posed by violent extremism, which are not limited to a single ideology. Eric Hoffer, in the book ‘‘The True Believer,’’ written many years ago, said that extremism is inspired by a range of reasons, including religious, political, or ideological beliefs. He says that these movements, regardless of the motive or end goal, simply need isolated individuals who are dispossessed in some way or other and need to feel part of something bigger than themselves. Why don’t we really get at the sources of the people who want to kill our kids and want to damage our properties, whether they come from afar or whether they are grown right here? Homegrown. Homegrown. And we are ignoring it. The FBI reports that time and time again. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). Mr. HURD of Texas. ‘‘It’s not a revolution or jihad. It’s a slaughter. I was shocked by what I did.’’ ‘‘I found it very, very hard to live there. ISIS fighters don’t represent the religion. I don’t see them as good Muslims.’’ Mr. Speaker, those are the words of Americans who traveled overseas to fight alongside ISIS. They left home believing they were headed toward a great adventure. They were promised glory and honor, but what they found was death and a perversion of the religion they believe in. These fighters were originally recruited to fight for ISIS through social media. Every day ISIS spreads their lies and propaganda, drawing in naive young Americans. They do this in dozens of different languages, reaching people across the world. Even while ISIS loses ground on the battlefield, they are working hard to make it up in the digital sphere. The Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act will allow us to take these powerful words of truth and use them to combat the lies that ISIS is spreading on social media. Some may say this is unnecessary. Some may say: Why aren’t we already doing this? We aren’t. That is why we need this piece of legislation. This bill requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former extremists and defectors as part of an ongoing effort to stop terrorist recruitment. These are individuals who have seen the brutality of terrorist groups firsthand and have rejected it. This bill is not limited to specific groups. Let me repeat that one more time: This bill is not limited to specific groups. It gives our counterterrorism professionals the flexibility needed to fight back against extremists as the threat environment and terrorist tactics change. It also requires DHS to coordinate these efforts with other agencies, nongovernmental organizations, and foreign partners so that we do this the right way, finding the best outlets for undermining terrorist propaganda. 
The bipartisan Foreign Fighter Task Force I served on recommends that we use these credible voices to fight against ISIS’ online efforts. The nonpartisan Homeland Security Advisory Council has urged DHS to use the testimonials of former extremists in our counternarrative efforts. Our foreign partners are already using these tactics and finding them effective. Our young people are being targeted. We have the tools to help protect them. These tools can stop others in our hometowns from making a terrible mistake. We need to get in the online fight, but time is not on our side. I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act. Having spent 9
1⁄2years as an undercover officer chasing terrorists across the world, there is no such thing as a silver bullet. We have to do this piecemeal, and this bill is one step going in that direction. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), the ranking member on the House Transportation Committee. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as one who served from the creation of the Homeland Security Committee until just a couple of years ago. I am concerned about what I am hearing here today on the floor, and I am surprised. Perhaps we should insert the word ‘‘some,’’ combating some terrorist recruitment in 2016. Now, the chairman said that DHS certainly has the flexibility to address domestic terrorism. Well, that is true. But why leave out explicit mention of domestic terrorism? b1645 Are you afraid of offending some rightwing nuts out there? What is the deal? Seriously, I just went through this in Oregon. I have been on the Department of Justice and the FBI for about 2 years: Go get Cliven Bundy, get his cattle off the land, put the guy in jail. They didn’t do it. And what happened? He taught his kids the way it was done. You show the government a gun, and they will run away, and you keep doing what you want, and you can deny that the Federal Government has the right to own any public lands in this country and try and take them over for private individuals. Now, this is a serious threat. The Murrah building, there were no foreign terrorists involved, 168 dead, hundreds injured, and we can’t explicitly put into this bill all terrorism, including domestic terrorism. I really fear that some are worried that some of these rightwing extremist groups out there might be offended if we were to say that they are a threat to our Nation. Well, they are very much a threat, and this bill omitting that should have this bill denied passage on this floor and bring it back in a comprehensive way next week. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4820, the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act authored by Mr. FLEISCHMANN . This bill is one step in implementing the recommendations of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Foreign Fighter Task Force. This bipartisan team was charged with studying how our government can combat Western citizens who become radicalized and take up arms with terrorists. The President, senior national security officials, industry leaders, and experts have all expressed support for this concept. While all selfradicalized terrorists deserve the consequences of their behavior, some realize just how profound they were mistaken after seeing the reality of life under ISIS. They sometimes recant and tell the truth about the atrocities that they have witnessed or committed. That is valuable information. What this bill does is common sense. It directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to use testimony from these individuals as part of our efforts to combat violent extremists. President Obama himself stated that we need to ‘‘lift up the voices’’ of former extremists in order to expose the hypocrisy of ISIS, but this bill does not limit the Department’s ability to countermeasure terrorist groups that threaten us no matter where they are located. As we speak, ISIS is using social media and the Internet to radicalize young Americans who are vulnerable to a message of inclusion in a grand cause, no matter how sinister. Before they make a mistake that could cause them and others their lives, let’s take every opportunity to counter ISIS’ poisonous narrative. To hear from others like them who wanted to believe in ISIS and found the truth too late is a tactic we should utilize. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill, which received bipartisan support in committee. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Tennessee for offering this bill, as well as Chairman MCCAUL for bringing it to the floor. When the terrorists attacked in San Bernardino, many Americans said: What are we doing? When you find out that these folks are trafficking on the Internet and messaging, they say: Where is our FBI? Where are the services protecting us, and why aren’t they doing everything they can? This is one thing they can do is offer testimonials from people who have been there who can give other people who might be interested in joining the truth. Yet there are some folks here who don’t want to do that. They are interested in misrepresenting this bill. I want to remind everybody that this bill is the result of a bipartisan task force, a bipartisan task force, Member led, that said we need to do exactly this, and unanimously move this forward to the full committee. They say it is unnecessary. Well, if it is unnecessary, why isn’t Homeland Security doing this already? Why not? How long are they going to wait? They say that they offered amendments. Really? They offered amendments? They couldn’t be bothered to answer the chairman’s call when he said: Hey, can you collaborate with us on this so we have a good bill that everybody is involved in. They waited until the day of the markup, and then came in with a bunch of amendments and concerns. It was apparent that all they wanted to do was slow the process down and, as a matter of fact, move the process to some other date. How long are we going to wait? Do you want to ask the relatives of those who are killed by these people how long they want to wait? How about the next ones? Now, some on the other side have picked this up as this is a politically motivated agenda. I say some because not all. As a matter of fact, many on the other side voted to move this bill right to the floor where it is now. I don’t understand why they would want to have America be less safe. I don’t understand, Mr. Speaker. We spent 4 hours—4 hours—going over a twopage bill. Two pages. We entertained what they wanted to change, and we did make some changes, but it was apparent that all they wanted to really do was stall and stall and move this process forward down the line and never get to it. Mr. Speaker, we don’t have any choice. We have to move forward now. Those in opposition are simply willfully refusing to see what all America sees. We need to address this threat immediately. It is a twopage bill, and it doesn’t deny Homeland Security from doing anything that it has already been doing. As a matter of fact, these folks on the other side demanded at that markup—they demanded—that we say that Homeland Security must do this. And the chairman said: Okay, if you want to demand that they do it, we will demand that they do it. Mr. Speaker, I think we ought to make America safe and pass this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, from Boston to Charleston, we have seen individuals operating within our communities and living among us plot to cause mass harm in the name of a violent extremist and hateful ideology. Today much has been made of the fact that the FBI has open investigations of ISILinspired activity in all 50 States. Far less 
attention has been given to the number of open investigations of antigovernment and militia groups, a number that grew by onethird in 2015 alone. We cannot afford to turn a blind eye to the threats posed by any terrorist group or organization, as the bill before us today would do. Therefore, it is imperative that DHS use testimonials from violent extremists involved in all forms of violent extremism. Public testimonials can be a powerful tool to reach individuals who otherwise might be susceptible to terrorist propaganda. Given the diversity in the threat landscape that we face, it just makes sense that any such effort should be comprehensive. Unfortunately, the bill’s sponsors have decided that this bill should turn away from the comprehensive approach. Mr. Speaker, again, let me indicate that the only real issue before us is the domestic aspect of terrorism. Domestic terrorist organizations have demonstrated time and time again, they have killed more Americans here on our soil than foreign terrorists have. The reason we are in opposition is we don’t recognize that in this legislation. Our effort in markup, as well as here on the floor, is to make sure that all of the bad people get recognized, those international and foreign, but also those who are domestic. Some of us have lived in parts of the country where domestic terrorism was a way of life for a lot of us, and because of that, we are very passionate on that subject. The Charleston situation was very unfortunate. That was an act of domestic terrorism. There is no question about it. So why wouldn’t we want to add those kind of extremist activities in this legislation so we can cover everyone? That is really the opposition that we have had. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 4820. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, Paris, Brussels, Chattanooga, San Bernardino. How many more? Mr. Speaker, it is time to act, and act today on this important legislation that is bipartisan. It is important to point out—I know the ranking member has good intentions, but our bill allows DHS to combat terrorist recruitment by all dangerous organizations, as was brought out at the markup. The President’s Homeland Security adviser, Lisa Monaco, said: ‘‘Our efforts will be the most effective when they focus on amplifying authentic voices,’’ such as former violent extremists. These voices can convince others from going down the path to violence. The President’s national security adviser, Susan Rice, added that they are already amplifying the voices of ISIL defectors overseas. And she explains that ‘‘these voices are eroding ISIL’s appeal.’’ This countermessaging works, and it has worked for the State Department, but we are not doing it at home. We need to do it here at home and not just overseas. That is why I urge strong support for this. I don’t understand after it being the product of a bipartisan task force with bipartisan support out of the committee, the very week that the Brussels attack occurred, we marked up this bill. Mr. Speaker, it is time to act. I urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in opposition to H.R. 4820, the ‘‘Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016,’’ because regrettably the bill was not improved as I had hoped and expected between the Committee markup and, floor consideration. Specifically, Section 2 of H.R. 4820, directs the Secretary of Homeland Security, inter alia, to employ ‘‘Countermessaging of foreign terrorist organization communications and narratives.’’ However, the bill is silent on the issue of domestic terrorists and the threat they pose to the safety and security of Americans. This was a point raised by the minority members during the markup, but an agreement could not be reached to include the words ‘‘and domestic terrorist’’ in the bill. As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I appreciate the concerns the bill is intended to address but in my view the bill’s scope is too limited in view of the number and frequency of violent domestic extremist attacks such as the one occurring in the evening of June 17, 2015 at the historic Mother Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. Combating violent extremism is too important to become the subject of partisan political disputes. Instead, we should work together to find common ground that reconciles the competing interests of collective security and individual liberties. We must not focus on one religion as being a threat—this would be wrong and counterproductive. Mr. Speaker, there have been other attacks by foreign and domestic violent extremists. The Fort Hood Texas attack committed by Major Nidal Malik Hasan, who opened fire and killed 13 U.S. military personnel. The Boston Marathon attackers were two Chechen brothers Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev who carried out a bombing that took 3 lives and injured 264 others. Later, the brothers killed university police officer Sean A. Collier. On December 2, 2015, 14 people were killed and 22 were seriously injured in a terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, which consisted of a mass shooting and an attempted bombing. The perpetrators, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik, a married couple living in the city of Redlands, who the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health training event and holiday party, of about 80 employees. This threat of attack by foreign terrorists on American soil is real and substantial and requires vigilance by the Administration and this Congress. However, threats of domestic terrorist attacks are also real. Mr. Speaker, we cannot be unmindful of the fact that since September 2001, there have been 250 deaths at the hands of home grown violent extremists as opposed by 50 by foreign terrorists. The seminal act of homegrown domestic terror occurred in 1995, when the domestic terrorist Timothy McVeigh detonated the truck bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 persons and injured over 680 people. At the time, it is the largest loss of American lives at the hands of a domestic terror group since the Civil War. Today, the challenge is countering the messages of violent extremism no matter the source and not to fall for thinking that one type of violent extremism is less of a threat than another type of violent extremism. Radical and extremist groups, both domestic and international, systematically prey upon the vulnerabilities of young persons by offering inducements such as financial assistance, familiallike bonds, or the promise of an exciting and heroic life. In some cases, youth have been forcibly recruited or tricked into participating in terrorist activities, including suicide bombings. The heinous attack in Mother Emmanuel Church was a defining moment in our nation’s history for many reasons, but the final chapter will be written by those who are charged with keeping our nation and its people safe while preserving the way of life that terrorist seek to change. One of the enduring challenges for members of the Homeland Security Committee is how we guide the work of the Department of Homeland Security. I hosted DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson in Houston for two days of discussions, and tours that were insightful and probing on a range of regional and national homeland security issues. The issue of violent extremism is one of several efforts that the Department of Homeland Security has prioritized and begun efforts to address both the international threat and the domestic threats. DHS defines ‘‘Domestic Terrorism’’ as: ‘‘Any act of violence that is dangerous to human life or potentially destructive of critical infrastructure or key resources committed by a group or individual based and operating entirely within the United States or its territories without direction or inspiration from a foreign terrorist group.’’ Groups and individuals inspired to commit terrorist acts are motivated by a range of personal, religious, political, or other ideological beliefs—there is no magic formula. Further, the complexity of adding social media as a new source of recruitment for violent extremists is complicating the efforts of law enforcement, domestic security and national defense. The line between lawfully protected speech and activity that may be a threat should be clearly defined by law. Taking care to protect civil liberties and constitutional rights means that our system of laws must acknowledge that reading, writing, or speaking of one’s views or beliefs even when they are unpopular is not a crime. 
Hate speech is not a crime—while an act of violence motivated by hate is. Violent extremist threats within the United States can come from a range of violent extremist groups and individuals, including Domestic Terrorists and Homegrown Violent Extremists (HVEs). The troubling violent nature of the attack at Mother Emanuel AME Church, its location in the South, on a night devoted to prayer services, by a young man still in his twenties awaken fears that many of us who represent majority minority congressional districts had hoped were receding with the passage of time. In the wake of the killings at Mother Emanuel in Charleston, several African American Churches have fallen victim to fires. Historically, African American churches are the center of religious, social, cultural and political life for the communities they serve. Since the tragic events of September 11, 2001, members serving in this body were mindful of the history that we worked not to repeat. Today, we are still working to assure the public that appropriate checks must be made certain in how increased in government authority is controlled. The demographics of young persons’ becoming involved in terrorist groups also appear to be changing. In many cases the persons implicated are younger than reported in the past and there appear to be more female youth joining the ranks of terrorist organizations. Additionally, more young supporters are coming from Western countries that are further removed from actual conflict areas. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad and Hamas have recruited children as young as thirteen to be suicide bombers and children as young as eleven to smuggle explosives and weapons. During 2003, thirteenyearold twin sisters who had been recruited by alQaeda linked groups were caught attempting to commit a suicide bombing against Western businesses and local government buildings in Morocco. Counterrecruitment and counter radicalization initiatives should be tailored locally, and should engage members from across the community who are in a position to address specific underlying factors or identify potential radicalization indicators. Counterrecruitment and radicalization initiatives must evolve with the young audiences they are intended to reach, adapt along with the adversaries, incorporate new developments in technologies, and address changes within environments where young persons are susceptible. I encourage my colleagues to withdraw this bill and allow for it to be considered under an open rule or for the bill to be sent back to the committee for further consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. PERRY ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4820, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
SECURING AVIATION FROM FOREIGN ENTRY POINTS AND GUARDING AIRPORTS THROUGH ENHANCED SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4698) to enhance aviation by requiring airport security assessments and a security coordination enhancement plan, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4698 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Aviation from Foreign Entry Points and Guarding Airports Through Enhanced Security Act of 2016’’. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to Congress a comprehensive workforce assessment of all Administration personnel within the Office of Global Strategies of the Administration or whose primary professional duties contribute to the Administration’s global efforts to secure transportation security, including a review of whether such personnel are assigned in a riskbased, intelligencedriven manner. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I have come to appreciate the seriousness of the many threats facing our transportation systems, I realize that one of the most targeted and vulnerable points of attack exist for our international in bound aviation. It is no secret that terror groups across the world value the horrific symbolism of bringing down an aircraft and are continuously plotting to take down planes. They recognize that it is easier for them to attack an aircraft destined for the United States from overseas rather than travel to the United States and then plot a domestic attack. This understanding is nothing new. My own district of Syracuse, New York, tragically learned of terrorists’ determination to bring down airplanes when 35 Syracuse University students and students from other local universities, along with my close friend’s sister, were killed in the Lockerbie bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 in 1988. Now, with the horrific attacks in Belgium against two transportation modes, including aviation, it has been reiterated that we must not wait for such attacks to occur in the homeland. We must be as determined to mitigate the threat as extremists are in perpetrating their attacks against us. The Brussels attacks took place against the European capital with one of the explosions occurring just a few blocks from the European Parliament. b1700 I was near those sites not too long ago, where those explosions took place, when visiting Brussels as part of a congressional delegation focused on stemming the flow of ISISaffiliated foreign fighters, so I am particularly reminded of how close to home such attacks really are. While a number of security enhancements have been made in recent months by the Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security Administration, and airlines, more must be done. SAFE GATES is an important, bipartisan bill which requires TSA’s Office of Global Strategies to comprehensively assess its own mission needs, with the intent of directing resources in a more intelligencedriven, riskbased manner. Further, the legislation directs TSA to provide better communication and foster stronger partnerships with foreign partners and airlines in order to make sure that everyone with a stake in securing aviation is aware of the serious threats facing our skies. Lastly, the SAFE GATES Act authorizes the donation of critical security screening equipment and bolsters TSA’s authority to mandate overseas cargo security standards as a means of building capacity for the security of aircraft headed for the United States. Recently, our colleagues in the Senate added this language to authorizing language for the Federal Aviation Administration. During the amendment process, Chairman THUNE of the Senate Commerce Committee added the text of this bill, along with some additional provisions, to push TSA to work toward developing a new generation of security screening checkpoints. This provision incorporates critical stakeholder feedback by empowering the Aviation Security Advisory Committee to make recommendations to the Administrator concerning checkpoints of the future. In preparation for bringing this legislation to the floor today, and in agreement with my Democratic colleagues, we have added this thoughtful provision to our bill as well. I would like to thank my bipartisan cosponsor, Congressman KEATING , for his unwavering support of this critically important legislation. Moreover, I wish to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. MCCAUL, and the ranking member, Mr. THOMPSON , for moving this bill through committee so we can bring our efforts to bear on the House floor today. Lastly, I want to applaud Chairman THUNE and Ranking Member N ELSON of the Senate Commerce Committee for making sure that this bill text was added as a security provision to the Senate’s FAA legislation, and I look forward to working closely with my Senate colleagues going forward to get this legislation to the President’s desk. This legislation stands as a testament to the rare ability of Congress to come together in a bicameral and bipartisan manner to make the American people more secure. It also serves as a direct refute to those terrorists plotting to harm the American people, the American economy, and our right to move about freely without fear and without hindrance. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4698, the SAFE GATES Act. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us comes at a very important time. Recent events have fueled increased interest in addressing terrorism threats at overseas airports. Just last month, a terrorist cell carried out three simultaneous, coordinated attacks on the Brussels airport and a major rail station that resulted in the death of 32 people and injuries to over 300 people. At the airport, terrorists filled large suitcases with nail bombs that were detonated in two separate explosions on the public side of the airport. This 
attack, in the heart of the European Union’s capital, underscores the reality that the aviation sector continues to be a major terrorist target. Previously, in February, a terrorist boarded a commercial aircraft departing from Mogadishu with a bomb concealed in a laptop. The terrorist detonated the bomb aboard the aircraft, killing himself and injuring two others. Experts suggest that, had the terrorist detonated the bomb at a higher altitude, the damage to the plane would have been catastrophic and the aircraft would have been destroyed. The deadliest aviation attack in recent memory took place in October 2015, when Metrojet flight 9268, departing from Sharm elSheikh International Airport, was blown up over the northern Sinai. This horrific tragedy resulted in the loss of 224 lives. H.R. 4698 is responsive to these devastating incidents. It focuses on last point of departure airports, or those airports that originate from foreign countries that fly to the U.S. nonstop, to airports within the U.S. H.R. 4698 requires TSA to do a security assessment of these airports and take into account: the level of coordination and cooperation between the countries in which the airports are located and TSA; the intelligence capabilities of each country; information on the numbers of known or suspected terrorists transiting through such airports; and the security screening capabilities at these airports. The legislation also requires TSA to submit a plan to bolster and enhance security collaboration between the U.S. and its foreign and domestic partners and authorizes TSA to donate security screening equipment to a foreign airport if it will reduce specific vulnerabilities to the security of the U.S. or U.S. citizens. In addition to codifying TSA’s efforts to bolster security at last point of departure airports, H.R. 4698 also seeks to make enhancements to security screening at U.S. airports. Specifically, it directs TSA to request that the Aviation Security Advisory Committee develop recommendations to make passenger screening processes more efficient and effective. The areas that the ASAC would be considering include checkpoint configuration, technology innovation, and best practices within aviation security. As the lead author of legislation authorizing the ASAC, I strongly believe that this body, which is composed of key stakeholders from throughout the aviation community, is a positive catalyst for improvement within TSA. Mr. Speaker, I close by saying that there is bipartisan support for this legislation. While on the subject of addressing overseas threats, I would note that, in recent years, DHS has made great strides in pushing the borders out, that is, identifying and stopping overseas threats before they reach our borders. Congress needs to support these efforts. To that end, in the coming weeks, I will be introducing comprehensive legislation to expand and strengthen DHS’ overseas program aimed at vetting and screening travelers to the U.S. My legislation, entitled Pushing Out America’s Borders Act of 2016, seeks to accelerate DHS’ efforts at expanding and establishing overseas posts for both CBP and ICE to conduct critical traveler vetting and screening operations. With the passage of H.R. 4698 today, the House is poised to raise the level of aviation security overseas. The next challenge for this body is to support DHS in its efforts to take more proactive approaches to pushing out our Nation’s border security. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. KATKO ’s cooperation in making sure that this bill was brought to the floor. We had a couple of hiccups along the way, but we worked them out. This is really how it should be done, and I appreciate the gentleman’s help in getting us there. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. Threats to internationalbound aviation are proliferating every day, and the Department of Homeland Security, TSA, and airlines need the adequate tools and authorities necessary to ensure the safety and security of traveling Americans. Without the authorities and oversight built into this legislation, I fear that Congress will not be doing all it can to stay ahead of the persistent threats posed by violent extremists. We have seen the threat they pose in Brussels and in last year’s attacks on airliners overseas. So we must not wait to mitigate these threats until it is too late. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of Capitol Hill for working together to develop this important piece of legislation. I again urge my colleagues to support this bill. I want to thank the ranking member for his cooperation. Yes, we had some hiccups, but that is part of the process. The fact of the matter is that we had a very good bill by working together and talking together. While the last colloquy on the last bill, H.R. 2820, showed we do have differences, I dare say that on the Homeland Security Committee we have far more agreements than we have disagreements, and I hope we can continue in that manner going forward. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4698, the ‘‘Securing Aviation from Foreign Entry Points and Guarding Airports through Enhanced Security Act of 2016.’’ As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and Investigations, and a former chair of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation and Security, I have been committed to protecting and improving the security of our nation’s airways. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) needs all the support we can provide to aid them in protecting our nation against security threats. The critical work of TSA agents around the country provides security for the nation’s airports, maintains a security force to screen all commercial airline passengers and baggage, and works with the transportation, law enforcement and intelligence communities to ensure safety. In 2015, TSA officers screened 708,316,339 million passengers (more than 1.9 million per day) at more than 450 airports across the nation—which is 40,780,330 million more passengers than for the same timeframe in 2014. In addition to screening more than 708 million passengers last year, TSA officers also screened 1.6 billion carryon bags, 432 million checked bags and 12.9 million airport employees. Obtaining critical information about TSA’s procedures and planning while handling enhanced security screenings throughout the country will only make us stronger and safer. The Congressional District I represent in Houston, Texas is home to two of the world’s busiest airports. The Bush International and the William P. Hobby Airports are essential hubs for domestic and international air travel for Houston and the region. Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through William P. Hobby (HOU). IAH is the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for total passenger traffic with more than 650 daily departures. Since January, IAH has seen a significant increase in both international and domestic travelers. International travel in the first half of 2015 increased by 3.9 percent compared to the same period last year. More than 5.1 million international passengers boarded flights out of IAH. It is estimated that at the current rate, IAH could see nearly 10.2 million international passengers by the end of the year. In October 2015, in an effort to reestablish the airport’s daily international air service, the William P. Hobby Airport opened a new 280,000 foot complex that includes five gates for its international concourse. This addition is expected to support travel service for nearly 7,500 international passengers and 25 departing flights a day. Enhanced security protects our economic interests, more importantly; implementing this bill will protect our citizens. H.R. 4698 will direct the TSA to conduct a comprehensive security risk assessment of all last point of departure airports with nonstop flights to the United States. H.R. 4698 will also require TSA to submit to Congress and the Government Accountability Office (GAO) a plan to: —enhance collaboration, coordination, and informationsharing about internationalinbound aviation between the United States and domestic and foreign partners in order to enhance security capabilities at foreign airports, —assess TSA ability to enter into a mutual agreement with a foreign government entity to permit TSA representatives to conduct inspections of foreign airports without prior notice. 
Through H.R. 4698: GAO will review TSA efforts to enhance security capabilities at foreign airports and secure internationalinbound aviation. TSA will submit to Congress a comprehensive workforce assessment of all TSA personnel within its Office of Global Strategies or whose primary professional duties contribute to the TSA’s global efforts to secure transportation security, including whether they are assigned in a riskbased, intelligencedriven matter. TSA may donate security screening equipment to a foreign last point of departure airport operator if the equipment can be expected to mitigate a specific vulnerability to U.S. security or U.S. citizens. TSA may evaluate foreign countries’ air cargo programs to determine whether they provide a level of security commensurate with that required by U.S. air cargo security programs. Mr. Speaker, we cannot wait until our security is breached by terrorists before we act, otherwise we would not have learned the lessons of September 11, 2001. I urge my colleagues on the Committee to join me in supporting this important step forward to protecting our airports. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4698, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROMOTING RESILIENCE AND EFFICIENCY IN PREPARING FOR ATTACKS AND RESPONDING TO EMERGENCIES ACT Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3583) to reform and improve the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Office of Emergency Communications, and the Office of Health Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3583 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may not implement the National Preparedness Grant Program or any successor grant program unless the Secretary receives prior authorization from Congress permitting such implementation. 
Section 650 of the PostKatrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 750; title VI of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2007; Public Law 109–295) is amended to read as follows: 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may not change the location or reporting structure of the Office of Emergency Communications of the Department of Homeland Security unless the Secretary receives prior authorization from the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate permitting such change. 
The Undersecretary of the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate information on the Department of Homeland Security’s responsibilities related to the development of the nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network authorized in section 6202 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1422; Public Law 112–96), including information on efforts by the Department to work with the First Responder Network Authority of the Department of Commerce to identify and address cyber risks that could impact the near term or long term availability and operations of such network and recommendations to mitigate such risks. 
The Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security, in coordination with the appropriate component heads, shall develop a mechanism, consistent with the strategy required pursuant to the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act (Public Law 114– 29), to verify that radio users within the Department receive initial and ongoing training on the use of the radio systems of such components, including interagency radio use protocols. TITLE III—MEDICAL PREPAREDNESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona. 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3583, the Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies, or PREPARE Act, which I introduced during my tenure as chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. The PREPARE Act is part of the Committee on Homeland Security’s effort to authorize and ensure the efficiency of the Department of Homeland Security’s operations. The provisions of this bill were informed by the subcommittee’s oversight this Congress and discussions with stakeholders. This was a bipartisan process, and I am pleased that the subcommittee’s ranking member, Congressman PAYNE , joined me in sponsoring this bill. This bill is an example of how we should be working together in Congress to get things done. The PREPARE Act makes a number of improvements to the operations at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Office of Health Affairs, and Office of Emergency Communications. The bill authorizes, for the first time, Operation Stonegarden, which provides grants to law enforcement agencies along the border to enhance border security. These funds are vital to the security of border communities, like the ones in my district in southern Arizona. We must ensure that grant programs like the State Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Areas Security Initiative are providing a return on investment and assisting in the closure of capability gaps. That is why the bill requires FEMA to analyze data included in yearly State Preparedness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments to gauge yearoveryear improvements. The bill also requires FEMA to share information on grants management best practices with grant recipients so that they may benefit from innovative practices used by other grantees. In addition, the bill sets the period of performance for these grant programs at 3 years, to ensure grant recipients have sufficient time to make sound investments. To ensure FEMA is operating efficiently and effectively, the bill requires the Administrator to designate an individual to serve as FEMA’s chief management official and take steps to address the findings and recommendations of a number of GAO reports. The bill also requires FEMA to update its strategic human capital plan so it has the workforce it needs to complete its important mission. It is vital that our Nation’s first responders have the tools that they need to communicate. That is why the bill seeks to ensure that the First Responder Network Authority and the Department of Homeland Security work together to secure the nationwide public safety broadband network that is under development against cyberattacks. After hearing much concern from first responders who rely on the technical assistance and programming of the Office of Emergency Communication, the bill prohibits the Secretary of Homeland Security from reorganizing OEC without prior authorization. b1715 A 2015 GAO review of interoperability at the Department noted that CBP and ICE personnel reported the lack of interoperability along the border resulted in missed apprehensions and jeopardized agent safety. As a result, the bill requires the Department of Homeland Security to ensure that DHS’ radio users, such as Border Patrol agents, CBP officers, and ICE agents receive ongoing training on the use of radio systems, including interagency radio use protocols. This provision builds upon legislation signed into the law by the President that requires DHS to develop a strategy to achieve and maintain interoperability among its components. To address the chemical and biological threats we face, the PREPARE Act authorizes responsibilities of the Department’s Chief Medical Officer and establishes a pilot program to provide anthrax vaccines to first responders on a voluntary basis. I want to thank my successor, Chairman Donovan, for his leadership in continuing to shepherd the PREPARE Act to the floor today. I would also like to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman U PTON , and Chairman HENSARLING for working with us to advance this bill. Mr. Speaker, the PREPARE Act builds efficiencies and increases coordination for preparedness improvements while providing greater accountability for taxpayers. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 10, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write concerning H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act’’. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 3583, the Committee on ‘‘Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Committee report for H.R. 3583, as well as in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 11, 2016. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act’’ or ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by 
the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on H.R. 3583 as well as the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, March 11, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write regarding H.R. 3583, the ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ Although the bill was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 3583 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3583 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 11, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3583, the ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Commerce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Energy and Commerce for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, March 22, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing concerning H.R. 3583, the Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 3583 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3583 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC. April 6, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand the Committee on Financial Services will forgo action on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by forgoing action on this bill, the Committee on Financial Services does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Financial Services represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange into the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3853, the Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3583, the Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act, also known as the PREPARE Act. Before I begin, I would like to commend former Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee Chairperson MCSALLY  and Ranking Member PAYNE , Jr., for their close collaboration in developing this legislation. H.R. 3583 is the product of extensive bipartisan oversight carried out by the subcommittee and will make communities better prepared to respond to manmade and natural disasters. In particular, this measure makes a number of improvements related to the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s administration of the Homeland Security Grant Program, authorizes activities of the National Domestic Preparedness Consortium and the Rural Domestic Preparedness Consortium, and addresses ongoing interoperability challenges both within the Department of Homeland Security and the State and local level. A provision I authored at the full committee to improve the Homeland Security Grant Program is also included. That provision directs FEMA to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the DHS’ Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties regarding policy and guidance in the Urban Areas Security Initiative and the State Homeland Security Grant Program. Under current grant guidance, grantees are permitted to use funding for activities related to countering violent extremism. By requiring FEMA to consult with DHS’ Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties in developing its grant guidance related to CVE, we will ensure that the activities carried out by the grantees do not target ordinary citizens simply because of their religion or ethnic background. Additionally, to address shortcomings of the National Incident Management System, commonly called NIMS, revealed at a series of full committee hearings examining the heroic response of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, the committee accepted an amendment I authored requiring FEMA to review and revise NIMS once every 5 years. Regular review of NIMS will ensure that its protocols are responsive to the current threat environment, incident management requirements, and lessons learned from previous incidents. Finally, the bill includes important provisions to improve Federal interoperable communications capabilities added by Subcommittee Ranking Member PAYNE , Jr. To improve interoperable communications on the State and local level, H.R. 3583 includes Mr. PAYNE ’s Statewide Interoperable Communications Act, which facilitates coordination of emergency communication purchases and policies within a State. The bill also addresses interoperability challenges at DHS by requiring that the Undersecretary for Management verify that all radio users at the Department receive initial and ongoing training in the use of DHS’ radio systems. I commend Ranking Member PAYNE , Jr., on his work on the bill and his ongoing efforts to address the interoperability challenges that continue to hamstring Federal, State, and local first responders. H.R. 3583 will go far in helping first responders do their job better and safer 
and will make our communities better prepared and more resilient. I urge my colleagues to support the PREPARE Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman MCSALLY for yielding. As chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3583, the PREPARE Act, of which I am pleased to be an original sponsor. Introduced by the subcommittee’s former Chairwoman, Representative MCSALLY , the PREPARE Act seeks to enhance accountability at the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Office of Emergency Communications, and Office of Health Affairs at the Department of Homeland Security. The Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications Subcommittee is fortunate to work with a very engaged stakeholder community, and many of the provisions of this bill were formed through hearings, briefings, and meetings with those stakeholders. For example, the bill sets the period of performance for a number of grant programs at 3 years. We heard from numerous stakeholder groups that FEMA’s reduction of the period of performance from 3 years to 2 years inhibited their ability to make meaningful grant investments. I am pleased that FEMA has changed the period of performance back to 3 years, and the PREPARE Act codifies that timeline. The PREPARE Act prohibits FEMA from implementing its National Preparedness Grant Program proposal, which was widely opposed by first responders. It seeks to ensure greater outreach by the Department to law enforcement agencies through the Office of State and local law enforcement. It prohibits the Undersecretary of National Protection and Programs Directorate from reorganizing or changing the location of the Office of Emergency Communications without authorization of Congress. Stakeholder groups such as the International Association of Chiefs of Police, International Association of Fire Chiefs, Major Cities Chiefs, and National Sheriffs’ Association have expressed their great concern about the impact this proposed reorganization would have on the Office of Emergency Communications and its work with first responders to achieve and maintain interoperability communications. It authorizes the National Domestic Preparedness Consortium, which provides vital training for first responders, and it authorizes a voluntary anthrax vaccination program for first responders to help protect those who protect us. The PREPARE Act also includes flood insurance provisions of great importance to my constituents. Superstorm Sandy devastated Staten Island and South Brooklyn 31⁄2years ago, claiming dozens of lives and destroying thousands of homes. Unfortunately, since then, my constituents have gone through the storm after the storm. Damage inspectors shamelessly doctored their reports to blame preexisting conditions for Sandy’s destruction, cheating Sandy victims out of insurance proceedings they rightfully deserved. By applying lessons learned in the aftermath of that fateful day, title V of the PREPARE Act will make two important improvements to the National Flood Insurance Program. First, this legislation will empower and protect policyholders by requiring engineers and inspectors employed to assess flood insurance claims to provide policyholders with copies of the reports listing flood damage to their homes. This will prevent fraud and increase efficiency and transparency by giving policyholders more information about their claims at a critical stage in the process. Second, this legislation will improve the flood insurance claims appeal process by fixing an archaic and confusing court filing deadline that prevents policyholders from using the FEMA appeals process for fear of missing their opportunity to seek relief in Federal court. The bill will set a firm start date for the claim’s statute of limitations and pause the statute of limitations while policyholders pursue their appeal at the agency level. Ultimately, this legislation will reduce costly litigation, saving taxpayers and policyholders money. I am pleased to work with Chairwoman MCSALLY and Ranking Member PAYNE on this bipartisan legislation. I would like to thank Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member THOMPSON for their leadership in moving it forward. I would particularly like to thank Chairman HENSARLING and Subcommittee Chairman LUETKEMEYER of the Financial Services Committee for working with me to advance the flood insurance process reforms in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 3583. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3583 seeks to resolve gaps in the Department of Homeland Security’s efforts to build State and local capabilities to prevent, protect against, and respond to manmade and natural disasters. Again, this bipartisan legislation is a product of careful oversight and significant stakeholder outreach. I urge my colleagues to support the PREPARE Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3583. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act (PREPARE Act/H.R. 3583). In addition to enhancing accountability at the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the Office of Emergency Communications, and the Office of Health Affairs at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), this legislation makes critical reforms to the National Flood Insurance Program’s (NFIP) claims process. Nearly three and a half years have passed since Superstorm Sandy devastated New Jersey, New York, and other parts of the Northeast, yet thousands of victims are still fighting for fair and equitable treatment from the NFIP. Following Sandy, these homeowners were further victimized by the unconscionable misconduct of certain insurance companies and engineering firms who defrauded them, all of which was enabled by FEMA’s inadequate control and oversight. The Sandy Claims Review Process was launched after my colleagues and I pushed FEMA to reopen a robust and thorough claims process to review all potential Sandyrelated underpayments. To date, over 19,000 NFIP policyholders have entered the review process. More than 7,000 policyholders have been offered additional claims payments, with over $46 million in actual payments made and over $89 million in proposed payments. Homeowners who pursued litigation outside of the claims process have received nearly $160 million in settlements. Those who dutifully paid their premiums with the expectation that the NFIP would be there following a disaster deserve every penny owed to them. The tens of millions of dollars paid out thus far should have been in the hands of policyholders years ago. These homeowners were betrayed following Sandy, and reforms are necessary to restore consumer trust and taxpayer confidence in the NFIP. In a report released last month, the DHS Office of Inspector General (OIG) found that FEMA does not provide adequate oversight of its NFIP Write Your Own (WYO) Program. As a result, FEMA ‘‘is unable to ensure that WYO companies are properly implementing the NFIP and is unable to identify systemic problems in the program. Furthermore, without adequate internal controls in place, FEMA’s NFIP funds may be at risk for fraud, waste, abuse, or mismanagement.’’ Of particular concern are altered or falsified engineering reports that resulted in dramatically lower claim payments for Sandy victims. Last year, 60 Minutes’ ‘‘The Storm after the Storm’’ reported on allegations of engineering reports receiving drastic alterations after being submitted to the insurer by the onsite engineer inspector. FEMA’s thenDeputy Associate Administrator for Insurance told 60 Minutes that he was not going to ‘‘conceal that fact that it happened. Because in the last three weeks, I’ve seen evidence of it.’’ This was subsequently confirmed in delegation briefings I hosted with FEMA. 
Title V of the PREPARE Act will require any final engineering reports and/or claims adjustment reports—certified and free of alterations—to be provided to the policyholder first, before any employer or agency. It also amends the claims appeal process to provide policyholders with more time to consider legal remedies. Together these provisions will help reform a fundamentally broken system and provide policyholders with the transparency and fairness they are entitled to throughout the NFIP claims process. FEMA must deliver on its promises. That begins with the completion of the ongoing Sandy Claims Review Process and a resolution to Sandyrelated litigation. Every suspected instance of fraud must be investigated and bad actors must be expelled. FEMA must closely monitor the performance of specific inspectors and adjustors that may not be illegal, but simply shoddy and incompetent. The NFIP Transformation Task Force must continue its implementation of OIG’s seven recommendations to improve its oversight. Together with the PREPARE Act, these actions can restore accountability and ensure lasting reform. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3583, the ‘‘Promoting Resilience and Efficiency in Preparing for Attacks and Responding to Emergencies Act,’’ also known as the ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ I became Ranking Member of the Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee in the beginning of 2013. I took on that position because I represent the 10th Congressional of New Jersey, which according to the New York Times, encompasses the two most dangerous miles in America. From major mass transit arteries and chemical facilities to homes and schools, my district is vulnerable to a variety of manmade and natural disasters. Our community’s first responders must be prepared to respond to every worstcase scenario. That is why I was proud to work with Ms. MCSALLY to author the ‘‘PREPARE Act.’’ In my capacity as Ranking Member of the Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee, I have had the opportunity to hear from first responders and emergency managers across the country, as well as doctors, public health experts, and individuals advocating to ensure the needs of children are incorporated into disaster response plans. I am pleased to say that H.R. 3583 is responsive to the calls to action we have heard on the Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee. For example, the Subcommittee has conducted extensive oversight of progress related to interoperable communications, and we have learned that the important governance structures—developed with support of the Interoperable Emergency Communications Grant Program—have suffered since the program was eliminated in 2011. To preserve the progress States have made on emergency communications planning and coordination, H.R. 3583 includes my Statewide Interoperable Communications Enhancement Act, which passed the House as a standalone measure in July. H.R. 3583 also includes language I offered to address communications training gaps at DHS by requiring all radio users to receive initial and ongoing training consistent with the DHS Interoperable Communications Strategy, which was required under legislation I wrote last year. The ‘‘PREPARE Act’’ also makes important progress in the area of biopreparedness, particularly related to improving how DHS manages its medical countermeasures program and establishing a voluntary anthrax vaccination program for first responders. To address concerns the Subcommittee heard from organizations like Save the Children related to the unique needs of children during disasters, the Committee accepted an amendment I offered directing FEMA to appoint a technical expert to ensure that children are incorporated into disaster preparedness, planning, response, and recovery activities. As the father of triplets, I have worked hard to improve the way the Federal government helps schools keep children safe during disasters and to address gaps in disaster planning that affect children. I appreciate the Committee’s support for my efforts to ensure H.R. 3583 improves the way the needs of children are integrated into emergency planning. Finally, the bill guarantees homeland security grant program recipients three years to use their grant funds, which will help ensure that limited funds are spent effectively and deliberately. H.R. 3583 also includes commonsense provisions requiring grantees to have maintenance plans in place before using Federal money to procure important emergency response equipment, directing FEMA to include grant management best practices in its annual Notice of Funding Opportunity, and charging FEMA to provide information to Congress on how grant funds are closing capability gaps. On the subject of the Homeland Security Grant Program, I would like to once again, on the record, voice my opposition to the funding cuts proposed in the President’s FY 2017 budget request. First responders across the country have made clear over and over again that these important grant dollars are critical to building and maintaining preparedness and response capabilities. State and local governments are already struggling to absorb cuts to homeland security grant funding that have occurred over the last decade, and every first responder I have spoken to tells me that planning, training, and exercise opportunities would further suffer with more cuts. I urge appropriators to reject the proposed funding cuts and to provide additional funding to these grant programs. Before I conclude, I would like to congratulate the former Subcommittee Chairman MCSALLY on bringing this legislation to the floor, and I thank her for working with me as she developed the bill. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3583. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee and Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I rise in support of H.R. 3583, the PREPARE Act, a bill that provides an important additional tool in preparing for attacks and responding to emergencies. I support this legislation, because it requires multiple emergency agencies to coordinate and improve overall preparedness for attacks and emergencies. Specifically, H.R. 3583 amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Federal Emergency management Agency (FEMA) to enter into memoranda of understanding with U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), the Transportation Security Administration, the Coast Guard, the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, the Office of Emergency Communication (OEC), the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement, the Countering Violent Extremism Coordinator, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, and other Department of Homeland Security offices and components to delineate their responsibilities for awarding grants to: Public Transportation Agencies to improve security under Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007. Highrisk urban areas and state, local, and tribal governments to protect against terrorism under the UASI and the State Homeland Security Grant Program. Implementation of Area Maritime Transportation Security Plans and facility security plans, provide port security services, and train law enforcement personnel. The PREPARE Act is a smart bill that will enable the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group to identify and provide guidance and best practices for the emergency preparedness and response community. The social media group will submit an annual report that includes: A review and analysis of social media technologies used to support preparedness, response, and recovery activities. A review of best practices and lessons learned. Recommendations to improve DHS’s use of social media technologies for emergency management purposes. Recommendations to improve public awareness of the type of information disseminated through such technologies, and recommendations on how to access such information during emergencies. A review of available training for government officials. A review of coordination efforts with the private sector to discuss and resolve legal, operational, technical, privacy, and security concerns. In today’s increasingly advanced and complex technology, social media is easily and heavily utilized by terrorists as a dangerous recruiting tool. Mr. Speaker, the PREPARE Act will equip the Department of Homeland Security with vital tools and resources to prevent and remove social media threats and recruitment tactics implemented by terrorist groups. The PREPARE Act will further require FEMA to integrate the needs of children into its activities to protect against natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other manmade disasters, including by appointing a technical expert to coordinate such activities. This is a comprehensive bill that will protect all Americans in every corner of this nation. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 3583. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3583, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL BISON LEGACY ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2908) to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2908 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Bison Legacy Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I would prefer to have the primary sponsor of this bill, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY), speak first. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Mr. CHAFFETZ . Today I rise in support of the National Bison Legacy Act. This bill will adopt the North American bison as the national mammal of the United States. I also want to thank my colleague from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) for her cosponsorship of this legislation. b1730 The bison are dear to me because they have a historical and spiritual link to the United States Colored Troops who were first organized in 1863 to 1866 as the 9th and 10th Cavalry and the four allBlack infantry regiments. Despite facing relentless racism and woefully inadequate military supplies, nicknamed the Buffalo Soldiers because of their tireless marching and dogged trail skills, they had earned the name of the rugged and revered buffalo. By way of reference, my greatgreat grandfather and his brother were members of the Buffalo Soldiers after coming out of slavery. The North American bison is a unifying symbol in the United States. Once numbering in the tens of millions, bison were nearly extinguished by the 1880s, with the travesty borne most by Native Americans whose fate was intertwined with the buffalo. In 1905, visionary ranchers, tribes, industrialists, sport hunters, and conservationists joined President Theodore Roosevelt in a monumental effort to reverse the American bison’s demise. Now over 60 tribes are working to restore bison to over 1 million acres of Native American lands. Bison production on private ranches is in its strongest economic condition in more than a decade. The National Bison Legacy Act enjoys broad bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress, as well as support from a coalition of over 60 organizations, including Native American tribes, ranchers, and government agencies. The list keeps growing. I look forward to working with all of you to make this bill become law and honor a great American icon, the bison. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time and ask unanimous consent that the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) control the remainder of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM). Mrs. NOEM. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today I support the National Bison Legacy Act because it is a very important bill to the tribes in my State and also to the heritage of South Dakota and the United States. It is a bill that I helped Representative CLAY of Missouri introduce, and I thank him for all of his hard work on the legislation. It has been a long process, but we are finally here today to get it across the House floor. I am thrilled to sponsor this bill with my colleagues, to raise up an enduring symbol of our Nation’s Native American heritage, the American frontier, and the resilience that has long distinguished America from others around the globe. The Tatanka is important both physically and spiritually in Native American culture. These animals offered food, shelter, tools, and clothing. Native Americans could make soap from the fat and homes from their hides. Every piece was used, which is why bison were, and continue to be, a symbol of survival and a cultural example of how to live in a healthy and productive manner. This bill recognizes that. There are also lessons to be learned about resilience from these animals. 
Bison roamed across most of North America before nearly being wiped from existence. Through the efforts of tribes, ranchers, conservationists, and others, the species has survived and can once again be lifted as a literal and cultural example of productivity from which each of us can learn. I am proud that my family has raised bison as well. They are majestic animals that represent the Plains that we are so proud of and that I am so honored to represent today. I want to thank the chairman and his staff for bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In conclusion, let me just say one of the most majestic animals on the face of the planet is the American bison. You go to see it and you just sit in awe and you think of the rich history and the role that it has played in our Nation. It serves as a symbol on two of our State flags, and it is the seal of the Department of the Interior. I just want to say that I hope all Americans—especially the youth—get a chance to see one of the bison out in the wild. It was close to extinction, but it was brought back. There are hundreds of thousands of them now. Whether you go to South Dakota or up to Yellowstone, Montana, there are places where you can really see these bison out. It really is an amazing sight. I think it is appropriate that we move this bill today. I want to thank Mr. CLAYof Missouri and, in particular, Mrs. NOEMof South Dakota for her recognizing the importance of this issue. I also want to thank Mrs. LUMMIS of Wyoming. She offered an important amendment that made an adjustment to the bill. I think this is a smart thing for the Congress to do, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2908, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VIRGIN ISLANDS OF THE UNITED STATES CENTENNIAL COMMISSION ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2615) to establish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2615 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act’’. 
There is established a commission to be known as the ‘‘Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission’’ (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
The Inspector General of the Department of the Interior— 
No Federal funds are authorized or may be obligated to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I prefer to have the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, who is the chief sponsor of this bill, speak first on this issue. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume and thank the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on behalf of H.R. 2615, the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act. H.R. 2615 will establish a short term commission to research, plan, develop, and carry out activities related to the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands becoming part of the United States. The commission will revisit the history leading up to and directly following the transfer of the islands from Denmark to the United States. Its purpose will be to educate those unaware of that history on a national level of the importance of the territories to the geopolitical advancement of this great Nation. The history of the Virgin Islands and its people is profound, Mr. Speaker. It tells a story of a land so resourcerich and unique in its geography that it was occupied by seven different nations. It tells the story of a resilient people who insurrected slavery and colonial oppression to achieve selfgovernance. In 1493, when Christopher Columbus landed on the island of St. Croix, which was then called Aye Aye by its native inhabitants, it is the only place in what is now the United States in which Christopher Columbus landed, but it is also reported to be the first place that he met armed resistance. He renamed islands, part of a chain, the Virgin Islands. In 1733, on the island of St. John, the slaves rose up, taking control of the island for almost a year until European powers worked together and the Danish received the help of the French and Spanish Armada to help quell what would have been and was one of the first slave uprisings in the New World. In the mid1700s, a young boy on the island of St. Croix by the name of Alexander Hamilton received the support of merchant patrons on the island who put together sufficient money to finance his travel and education to the Colonies. He brought to the Colonies his understanding of finance and a monetary system learned from apprenticeship from those merchants, as well as the unique accounting theories from the West African slaves of the island. Those economic gifts, along with his fighting spirit for revolution, liberty, and abolitionist fervor served him and this country well, as he would soon become the first United States Secretary of the Treasury and creator of our modern financial system. Virgin Islanders have played an integral role in the history of this Nation well before we were even part of this country. From its inception and beyond, activists and politicians, David Levy Yulee, the first Jewish United States Senator; Denmark Vesey, leader of the Charleston, South Carolina, slave revolt; Judah Benjamin, Secretary of Treasury of the Confederate Army, are all Virgin Islanders. William Leidesdorff, the founder of San Francisco, and Edward Wilmot Blyden, one of the founders of Liberia, are also from the Virgin Islands. After purchase by the United States in 1917, the contributions of Virgin Islanders have continued through individuals like David Hamilton Jackson, who was a staunch free press advocate and labor movement leader; Hubert Harrison, a key figure in the movement of the Harlem Renaissance; military veterans like Alton Adams, who was the first African American naval bandleader; and General Samuel Ebbesen. Ambassador Terence Todman and Congress of Racial Equality chief, Roy Innis, are Virgin Islanders. Actor Kelsey Grammer and future NBA Hall ofFamer Timothy Duncan are all from the Virgin Islands. The first female physician of this body as a Member of Congress, my predecessor, Donna Christensen, is a Virgin Islander. During the time of exploration and slave trade, our geographic location made us a hub of Western Hemisphere commerce for several centuries and served a crucial role in naval military activity in the Caribbean Basin. So nearly a century ago, the United States purchased the Virgin Islands from Denmark for its geographic importance. On March 31, 2017, the Virgin Islands of the United States will celebrate 100 years as a possession and part of the union of the United States. This bill, H.R. 2615, establishes the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission to research, plan, develop, and carry out activities the commission considers appropriate to commemorate—and I say commemorate, not celebrate—commemorate a more solemn and worthy endeavor, the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands of the United States becoming an unincorporated territory of the United States. Now, I have spent a lot of time talking about the Virgin Islands’ history and people because at the time of its transfer nearly 100 years ago, little thought was given to the history, and even less to the people of the Virgin Islands. As the Islanders during that time, my ancestors, my grandparents, watched the Danish flag come down and the Stars and Stripes unfold and ripple over the Fort in Christiansted and over many places in the Virgin Islands, they thought out loud: We knew what we had, but we don’t know what we are going to get. Our elders and leaders hoped and believed that the purchase by the United States would herald greater opportunities and profound modernization. Unfortunately, this has not happened. It took a decade of petitioning and lobbying to be given citizenship, and we asked for—we asked for it and petitioned again to be part of the draft. What people willingly offer their sons to fight and die, except those wholly willing to be part of the entire American experience? Even now we have greater casualties per capita than any other group in this Nation in a volunteer military and is an example in part of our valor and patriotism. Through passage of H.R. 2615, the commission will serve as a vehicle to begin the work to tell the story and serve to expose the aspirations and dreams of the American people who call the Virgin Islands home. The commission will begin a national conservation, a discussion to assist in commemorating the great relationship between the United States and its islands—its American islands. The commission will allow a platform for meaningful dialogue around the Virgin Islands’ history with the United States, the genesis of the issues affecting the territory, as well as how we solve them. This is an opportunity to engage lawmakers and our Nation around the challenges and enormous opportunities present in the Virgin Islands—opportunities like our ports and transshipment position, our broadband capacity, our intellectual and artistic pursuits, our university which serves as the only 
HBCU in the Caribbean, and, most important, our people. Yes, the people still waiting to be recognized and made whole in that transfer nearly a century ago. As the Virgin Islands enters this next century under United States jurisdiction, it will have continued relevance in the region as foreign investments, commerce, information technology, and maritime traffic grow in the Caribbean. It is my hope and it is my dream that its people will have greater relevance in this great Nation and that this commission will show all the importance of that. I would like to thank all of the members of the committee for supporting this bill, voting it unanimously out of committee, and thank Ranking Member CUMMINGS and especially the chairman, Mr. CHAFFETZ , for working with my staff and me on this bill. b1745 This bipartisan commission, which will be comprised of House and Senate Members along with the administration and other officials, seems only fitting, as the 100th anniversary comes only once. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2615. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. How can you reject that? She said it as eloquently and as passionately from her heart as you possibly could. I am pleased that we could move this forward. In short, this bill creates a bipartisan congressional commission to plan and carry out commemorative activities for the 100th anniversary of the Virgin Islands becoming an unincorporated territory of the United States. The transfer of the Virgin Islands from Denmark to the United States in 1917 was a significant historic and cultural event. Under the bill, the bipartisan commission will develop, plan, and execute formal commemorative activities to honor the rich heritage of the Virgin Islands. The commission’s goal is to highlight the cultural, economic, and historical importance of the Virgin Islands. By celebrating this anniversary, the commission also has the opportunity to educate the citizens about the history of the United States Virgin Islands. The commission may solicit and accept gifts and donations to fund its activities, but there is a prohibition, as the legislation bars any use of Federal funds. Again, I thank our colleague, STACEY  PLASKETT , the Delegate from the Virgin Islands, for her passion and caring. It is one of the most beautiful places on the face of the planet—second, of course, to Utah’s Third Congressional District. But, nevertheless, I think that is why they accepted this. I hope everybody gets a chance to visit there. My daughter—on a personal note— was able to work there this past summer for 3 months. She thoroughly enjoyed the people, the culture, and the sheer beauty that is the Virgin Islands. I look forward to supporting this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2615, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE REFORM ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4359) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that Federal employees may not be placed on administrative leave for more than 14 days during any year for misconduct or poor performance, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4359 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Administrative Leave Reform Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4359 is a commonsense solution to address the misuse of administrative leave for misconduct or performance issues. Unfortunately, it has been commonplace for the Oversight and Government Reform Committee to hear stories of Federal employees who remain on administrative leave for months, or years, at a time. Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker. The overwhelming majority of people who work for the Federal Government are good, honest, decent, patriotic people who care. They work hard, they are trying to serve their country, and they put in an honest day’s work. But we do have some bad apples. Every once in a while, they show up, and they start working for the Federal Government. They create problems and they create mayhem. Unfortunately, we have to tighten the rules surrounding their situation because we have had a number of Federal employees that have remained on administrative leave sometimes not just for days, sometimes not just for weeks. Sometimes this drags on for months and for years—years—to be on administrative leave. While on administrative leave, these employees receive full pay and benefits despite the fact that they are not working. There are going to be extraordinary circumstances, but this is happening far too often. It is particularly difficult to understand how the IRS could, for example, justify allowing Lois Lerner to sit on administrative leave for 4 months before her retirement. She was an individual who abused her power as a Federal employee by engaging in the political targeting of American citizens. But she is not alone. This is certainly not a bill just about her situation. Every year, hundreds, if not thousands, of Federal employees are under investigation for significant misconduct and remain on administrative leave for far longer than is necessary to complete an investigation. One reason administrative leave has become such a significant problem is because agencies simply find it easier to keep an employee on administrative leave. It is the path of least resistance. This means that some individuals face little to no penalty for significant misconduct and are all too often permitted to remain on administrative leave until they are able to retire. Mr. Speaker, abuse of administrative leave is a real problem. H.R. 4359 will protect American taxpayer dollars from being further wasted. Consider one example highlighted by the inspector general for the Environmental Protection Agency, who found an employee earning $120,000 a year annually while watching pornography on the job. This employee was placed on administrative leave for a year—a year. I believe, in this particular case, this person actually admitted to doing it. It wasn’t just a casual oops. This person was watching for literally hours upon hours each day and admitted it. They put him on administrative leave, and this went on for a year. Why should the American taxpayers have to pay for that? It is a clear waste of our dollars. The American people deserve better, and so do the employees who work around this person. According to the Government Accountability Office report, the GAO, which reviewed the use of administrative leave between the years 2011 and 2013, 263 Federal employees were on administrative leave for more than a year at the 24 agencies reviewed. GAO found that those individuals on administrative leave cost the people, the American taxpayers, more than $31 million. Why should we have to pay for that? It is an astonishing amount of money to pay for Federal employees, and they are doing absolutely nothing. They can, essentially, go wherever they want to go, and it is, essentially, a paid vacation. It also sends the wrong message to the hardworking Americans from whom we levee taxes. We cannot use tax dollars to pay misbehaving or poor performing Federal employees. There are often situations that come up where the employees need a fair chance to defend themselves. But again, under this bill, it gives them plenty of time to do that. If there needs to be an extension, there can be an extension; but if there is not timely disciplinary action, if any disciplinary action at all, for their performance issues, the American taxpayers are left holding the bag and the expense. Mr. Speaker, agencies are abusing the system of administrative leave and failing to explain why. In a report conducted by Senator CHUCK GRASSLEY of Iowa, agencies were found to be opaque about why they were using administrative leave, or completely nonresponsive, when Senator GRASSLEY inquired about 58 employees at the Department of Defense that they had on administrative leave for more than a year. Think about that. At the DOD, the Department of Defense, they had 58 employees who had been on administrative leave for more than a year, and the Department of Defense just decided not to respond, just literally did not respond. Mr. Speaker, I understand the need and utility of administrative leave. When used properly, administrative leave provides agencies with the flexibility needed to better manage human resources and to get to the bottom of certain situations, but it has become a tool that agencies hide behind with far too little oversight and accountability. The shortcomings of the current system need to end, and this bill that I am the chief sponsor of will curb these abuses. Specifically, this legislation will limit the use of administrative leave for misconduct or performance issues to 14 days per year in order to push agencies to complete their investigations quickly or to find acceptable alternate work for the individual to perform during such an investigation. This is fair to the employee, as well as the management, as well as the American taxpayers. Rather than allowing indefinite leave, agencies will have to take disciplinary action against bad actors, which will serve to bring greater accountability to the Federal workforce. The bill is also critical to protecting whistleblowers. The Office of Special Counsel, or the OSC, has a responsibility in the Federal Government to investigate potential reprisal and petition the Merit Systems Protection Board to stop retaliatory actions. However, being put on administrative leave does not constitute a personnel action that is reviewable by the OSC. Thus, as long as a whistleblower is placed on administrative leave, he or she is left in limbo at the discretion of the agency with no right to appeal their status. Because of this, I believe that the bill before us, H.R. 4359, will go a long way to help reducing retaliation and protect whistleblowers by barring agencies from leaving employees on indefinite administrative leave. Mr. Speaker, getting this legislation to the floor today, I am proud to say we have been able to work collaboratively in a bipartisan way. I particularly want to thank Mr. LYNCH of Massachusetts for his passion on this issue and working with us. We incorporated some of those suggestions into the bill today. We have altered the bill to give the agencies the option to extend the use of administrative leave beyond 14 days in discrete 30day periods. Under these provisions, the agencies will be required to report to Congress after the use of the first 30day extension, detailing why the extension is necessary, the stage of any investigation against the employee, the reasons the employee cannot return to the workplace, as well as other pertinent information. Again, I want to thank Mr. LYNCH for his work on this legislation. I believe that this is a stronger bill and more fair to the employees. I think it was an important step forward. I thank Mr. CUMMINGS , the committee as a whole, and the many members who were involved in getting the bill to this point today. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think we can all agree that agency overuse of administrative leave can be a problem and that we need to pursue ways that agencies can use administrative leave more efficiently, while preserving due process protections for Federal employees. 
I want to thank the chairman for working with the minority, and particularly with Representative LYNCH , to address our concerns that the original bill could have encouraged agencies to suspend employees without pay and without due process. The bill, as reported, would preserve the ability of an agency to place employees on administrative leave in those exceptional circumstances when they may pose a threat to safety, agency mission, or government property. It would also allow the agency to consider the results of a thorough and complete investigation prior to taking disciplinary action. The bill, however, would not punish employees by stripping them of pay before allegations are properly adjudicated, preserving the principle that one is innocent until proven guilty. The bill before us strikes the appropriate balance, we believe, between the need for stricter oversight of agency use of administrative leave and the due process rights of Federal employees. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4359. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4359. We have worked in a good, bipartisan way. It is a good bill for the country and is good for the employees of the Federal Government. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4359, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
OFFICIAL PERSONNEL FILE ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4360) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that a Federal employee who leaves Government service while under personnel investigation shall have a notation of any adverse findings under such investigation placed in such employee’s official personnel file, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4360 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Official Personnel File Enhancement Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The vast majority of Federal workers are patriotic, they are honest, they are decent, they work hard, they show up early, they do what they are supposed to do, and they are proud to serve their country and provide their role in when they do. For that, we are very grateful. But like any large group of people, there are some bad apples. If you go through the barrel, you are going to find a few bad apples. We have a responsibility to make sure that we weed those out. These individuals must be treated fairly, but they must be held accountable. H.R. 4360 is a bill that accomplishes this balance and that strengthens the integrity of our civil service. b1800 Under the current system, a loophole allows Federal employees who are 
guilty of serious, but not necessarily criminal, infractions to leave Federal service before an investigation is completed and join a new agency without that new agency ever becoming aware of those previous issues. Unfortunately, in our work on the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, we have had some examples of this. H.R. 4360 corrects this problem by requiring a notation to be made in the employee’s official personnel file if an investigation leads to an adverse finding against that person even if the employee has already resigned. For example, under the current system, Federal employees who commit some form of misconduct or poor performance could resign from their positions and escape accountability. This is exactly what occurred at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. As part of an investigation, the Department of Commerce, Office of the Inspector General requested that a patent examiner attend a voluntary interview with the Office of the Inspector General. However, 2 hours before the interview with the OIG, the patent examiner resigned. In an instant message with a coworker, the examiner explained that the union recommended that he resign in order to have a clean slate, with no record of conduct or performance issues, if he applied to work for another agency. We cannot continue to have a system that creates loopholes for an individual to elude accountability by simply having to submit a piece of paper on a napkin—or something as simple as that— and writing, ‘‘I hereby resign,’’ and then keeping his record clean so he can get another job. Mr. Speaker, another example is of a similar event that unfolded with an Interior Department employee who was under investigation for lying about his education credentials. After being interviewed by the Interior Department’s Office of Inspector General, this individual resigned from the Interior and later joined the Census Bureau; but when he went over to the Census Bureau, the Census Bureau was unaware of the history until well after it had hired this person. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4360 remedies the scenarios I just discussed, thereby helping to protect agencies from making employment hires when having incomplete pictures of the individuals’ backgrounds. This has happened on several occasions. It is almost disappointing that one has to go forward and legislate this, but given that it is happening, it is the responsible thing to do, and we have come together in a good, bipartisan way to make this happen. Specifically under this legislation, separated employees will have notations made in their official personnel files if they resign while under investigation and if those investigations lead to adverse findings. Additionally, if the individuals apply for other positions in the Federal Government, those notations will follow them as agencies will now be required to examine the personnel files of former Federal employees during the hiring process. Bad actors should not be able to resign from government service with clean slates and effectively dupe another agency that will then be hiring them. However, this bill also ensures that separated employees are provided the opportunity to contest the findings of an investigation. I think that is a fair and just way for them to be able to clean their records if they think that they have cases to be made. By working closely with my Democratic colleagues, we were able to build a process into this legislation that gives former employees a mechanism by which to fairly present their cases in the event an investigation leads to an adverse finding. Mr. Speaker, it is also important to note that H.R. 4360 does nothing to diminish the rights or protections that are afforded to whistleblowers. This is a bill to prevent individuals from maneuvering within the Federal Government in order to hide their misconduct. It is that simple. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4360, the Official Personnel File Enhancement Act, addresses a legitimate concern of employees who resign their positions during pending investigations or adverse disciplinary actions and then reapply for employment elsewhere in the Federal Government. I think we can agree that measures need to be taken to prevent such incidents from happening in order to protect the integrity of the Federal workforce. I thank Chairman CHAFFETZ for working with the minority and, particularly, for working with Congressman CONNOLLY from Virginia to address our concerns with the original bill. The introduced version of this legislation would have allowed an agency to put a permanent notation of an investigative finding in an employee’s file without giving the employee an opportunity to respond. The bill, as reported, would preserve the principles of due process that help to protect our Federal employees from arbitrary acts and political influence. It would provide a former employee with notice and opportunity to respond to an adverse investigative finding before a notation is placed in the individual’s personnel file. The legislation also gives the individual the right to appeal the agency’s decision to the Merit Systems Protection Board, which we believe is the appropriate place for that. These due process protections are consistent with our Constitution and with the fundamental American principle that a person is innocent until proven guilty. I understand that some concerns have been raised regarding how the legislation would be implemented. We hope to address those concerns as the bill moves forward in the legislative process. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4360. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge the passage of H.R. 4360. I believe this is a good bill. We worked in a good, bipartisan way. It does make the system more fair and it makes it more accountable. It makes sure, for those who have adverse actions, that they can’t simply skirt away from their responsibilities. It does hold people accountable. To that effect, it is a good bill, and I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4360, the Official Personnel File Enhancement Act. As a member of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, myself and other committee members are constantly reading reports of and investigating instances of employee misconduct and performance shortcomings. Yet too often, these investigations come up empty because the employee decided to resign or otherwise leave federal service before the investigation is over, thereby ending the investigation. I cannot tell you how frustrating this is. These investigations must be completed, and any employee seeking to return to federal service must have the results of that investigation as a part their record. We owe it to the American taxpayer to ensure that the federal government only hires the most qualified and honorable employees. H.R. 4360 will allow that to happen. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4360, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECT AND PRESERVE INTERNATIONAL CULTURAL PROPERTY ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1493) to protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President should establish an interagency coordinating 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material into the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I acknowledge the ranking member, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL from New York, for his outstanding leadership on this legislation. With its passage today, his H.R. 1493, the Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, will head to the President’s desk for his signature. This is a critical measure. The Islamic State, or ISIS, continues to wreak havoc throughout Iraq and Syria. It is laying a path of death and destruction in its wake, and it has inspired deadly attacks around the world and deadly attacks here at home. No offense is more appalling than the terrorists’ complete disregard for human life. As this body has recognized, ISIS is waging a genocide against religious minorities in the Middle East. I recently had the opportunity to talk to some of those Yazidi girls and Christian minorities about what they had been through, as well as to talk to Sunni and Kurdish families. It has unleashed a campaign of sickening violence against Muslims who do not share its radical beliefs and against the other religious minorities across the Middle East and beyond. Besides the human toll of ISIS’ deplorable acts, we also mourn the tremendous loss of cultural heritage as these extremists loot and destroy their way through ancient sites in the territories that they conquer. We have seen sickening footage of ISIS’ drilling its way through priceless artifacts in Mosul and in its bulldozing of magnificent Mesopotamian ruins in the 3,000 yearold city of Nimrud. 
ISIS claims the annihilation of cultural sites is meant to counter idol worship, but clearly these terrorists have another goal: to remove all traces of the region’s rich and diverse religious and cultural past. It is in line with what the Nazis tried to do in burning the books across Europe in trying to burn history that predated them. By eliminating all evidence of religious pluralism and by eliminating all evidence of humanity’s common heritage, it is paving the way for its own horrifying brand of radical Islamist extremism. The looting of antiquities is big business for ISIS. Experts estimate that the group has earned millions of dollars from the sale of stolen artifacts every year, which are often peddled by middlemen in oldfashioned markets or online. Unfortunately, buyers in the U.S. appear to be a primary end destination for many of these pieces, as does Europe, as does Asia. Mr. Speaker, I just returned from the Middle East. I was honored to speak at the Iraq Museum in Baghdad about the need to counter ISIS’ trafficking of priceless antiquities. This region is steeped in history from the rise and fall of empires to the evolution of writing and mathematics and art. Much of this heritage remains at risk due to looting by ISIS and, I should add, by other parties to the conflict in Syria, including the murderous Assad regime. That is why last year, Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL and I introduced this legislation, which will help the U.S. do its part to counter this black market trade. Specifically, this legislation will prevent those antiquities that have been removed since the start of Syria’s civil war from being sold or imported into the United States. This will reduce funding to ISIS and will disincentivize future looting. Again, I thank the ranking member, as well as Representatives Smith and Keating, for all of their work on this measure. I also acknowledge the bill’s Senate cosponsors—Senators Casey and Perdue and Grassley, as well as Chairman CORKER and Ranking Member CARDIN of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations—whose leadership was instrumental to this measure’s passage by Mr. ENGEL in the Senate. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of this legislation. First of all, I thank our chairman, ED ROYCE , for his leadership on the Committee on Foreign Affairs and for pushing this bill ahead. I don’t want to underestimate how important he has been in making sure that this bill reaches the floor. I thank Congressman CHRIS SMITH for joining me as a lead Republican cosponsor on this measure, and I thank our Senate colleagues for their work to help get us to this point. This legislation is another great example of the Committee on Foreign Affairs’ working across the aisle to get results because we believe, again, that foreign policy should be bipartisan and that partisanship should stop at the water’s edge. When the House finishes its work on this bill today, it will be on its way to the President’s desk, and that is something of which we should all be proud. Mr. Speaker, since the time ISIS emerged as a factor in Iraq and in Syria, we have read reports, have seen images, and have watched videos of ISIS terrorists in their destroying of ancient structures and artifacts in the areas they control. It is actually heartbreaking. These fanatics literally want to wipe away history. They want to destroy any trace of culture or belief system that doesn’t conform to their twisted ideology and twisted way of thinking, but that is not the whole story. ISIS has also seized on cultural artifacts as a funding source. If you look at satellite pictures of heritage sites that ISIS controls, you can pick out thousands of small holes in the desert. ISIS has looted these areas, has dug up coins and statues and anything else it can carry, and has trafficked those items on the black market. As a result, millions of dollars have flowed into ISIS’ coffers. So a few years ago I knew we needed to do more to combat this serious problem. With the help of several colleagues—and, again, I emphasize how helpful the chairman has been—I set out to help preserve this history and, at the same time, to cut off a vital revenue stream for these terrorists. I was confident we could do it because we have done it before. During the Iraq war, we also saw the looting of antiquities. So we passed legislation then to impose import restrictions on those items coming in from Iraq. b1816 I decided that we needed to take similar steps with respect to items coming out of Syria. So we got to work, talking to experts and officials to find the best ways of stopping looted goods arriving on our shores and to make sure those goods aren’t sold to help ISIS’ campaign of violence. It is really disgraceful that anyone in the United States would buy these things. Those proven practices and innovative approaches are at the core of this bill. These restrictions would bring the United States in line with the U.N. Security Council resolution passed unanimously last year. That resolution called on all States to deny funding to ISIS by preventing trade in Iraqi and Syrian cultural property. Our European partners have already stepped up and enacted similar measures. That is good news because it is going to take a wideranging effort to effectively crack down on this illegal marketplace. My bill would also encourage administration agencies already working on this problem to collaborate more closely so that our efforts are more streamlined and efficient. Finally, it is important to note that the legislation would not prevent the importation of Syrian artifacts for preservation or restoration. So this is a good bill. I have been working on it for several years. I am proud of everything that has gone into it by my colleagues and our staff members. I am glad, once again, that we are working in a bipartisan way to pass legislation that advances our interests, and I am very grateful that we are so close to the finish line on this bill. So I want to thank everybody. I want to especially thank Chairman ROYCE  once again. I ask that all Members support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is always a great feeling to cross the finish line on a piece of legislation. At our best, that is what the Foreign Affairs Committee does, and we are at our best here this day. So I again want to thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership and partnership. I want to thank our Senate colleagues for doing their part. I want to thank the staff that worked so hard on this bill. We should be seizing every available opportunity to cut off resources to ISIS and other terrorist groups. This legislation goes after a practice that has put millions of dollars in ISIS’ hands and has resulted in the irreversible destruction of some of history’s greatest artifacts. So it destroys these artifacts, which is bad enough, but then it puts money in ISIS’ hands. They actually make money by doing it. It is aiding and abetting terrorism. So it is a double whammy. We knew from past experience that the approach laid out in this bill works. It is long past due that we ramp up our efforts to stop the looting, stop the trafficking, and stop the destruction. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and send it to the President. I know that the President will sign it. It is very important. I hope we will soon see this legislation enacted and on the books. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume Again, I thank Mr. ELIOT ENGEL of New York for this legislation. The ancient cities now facing destruction at the hands of ISIS are considered the birthplace of modern civilization. As we stand here on the floor of the House, we see behind us the relief of the great lawgivers. First, there is Moses. Next to him is Hammurabi for Hammurabi’s Code, the great lawgivers and heroes of liberty. We think about the fact that, in this part of the world, these antiquities are now in the hands of ISIS. 
As one expert told the Financial Services Committee’s Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing last week, this is where the Acadian King Hammurabi ruled at the beginning of the second millennium BC and where the Hebrew prophet Jonah preached successfully repentance to the Assyrian Ninevites 1,000 years later. Now, in 2015, ISIS has as many as 4,500 cultural sites under its control. A raid carried out last year by U.S. Special Forces revealed that ISIS has invested heavily in the looting and smuggling of antiquities in the region as they cut up antiquities and then try to trade them for hard currency. The legislation before us today is an important step toward curbing this illicit trade and limiting funding to these terrorists. I do want to note that the bill’s emergency import restrictions are not designed to continue in perpetuity and can be waived under certain conditions for the temporary safeguarding of cultural property in the United States. The bill also presses the administration to increase accountability for U.S. efforts to protect cultural property overseas and improves congressional oversight of this work. I appreciate the other committees of jurisdiction for working with the Foreign Affairs Committee on this measure, particularly the Committee on Ways and Means for its assistance on the cultural import restrictions in this bill. Lastly, I want to recognize the work of the committee staff on this important legislation, particularly Jessica Kelch, who, along with Mark Iozzi on Mr. ENGEL ’s staff and Kristen Marquardt on the Foreign Affairs Committee staff, worked out all the complexities to deliver what I am confident will be effective legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 1493. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4498, HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS ACT Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–530) on the resolution (H. Res. 701) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4498) to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities law, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I am not recorded on any votes as I was delayed in traveling back to Washington, DC. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 164, passage of H.R. 4820—Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act of 2016. ‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 165, passage of H.R. 4096—Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 164 on H.R. 4820, I am not recorded due to a family emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On rollcall No. 165 on H.R. 4096, I am not recorded due to a family emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
REPORT ON H.R. 5054, AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. ADERHOLT, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–531) on the bill (H.R. 5054) making appropriations for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. REPORT ON H.R. 5055, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. SIMPSON, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–532) on the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. f 
REMEMBRANCE OF THE VICTIMS OF THE RECENT FLOODING IN HOUSTON, TEXAS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, in Houston, Harris County, and surrounding counties last week, eight of our fellow citizens lost their lives. I want to offer our thoughts and prayers on behalf of the families of German Antonio Franco, Claudia Melgar, Sunita Vikas, Malhara Singh, Pedro Rascon Morales, Charles Edward Odum, Suresh Kumar Talluri, and Teri White Rodriguez. They are all loving members of families, who now have lost their lives, and the families are saddened by their loss. In the course of this, I want to thank the first responders for their courageous efforts in, one, seeking to find these individuals, and also helping those who have been impacted by the flooding. The efforts of Houstonians who came to the aid of neighbors and strangers during the flooding saved more lives and provided comfort to those impacted. We offer a special thanks to the diverse religious communities that responded with generosity, by feeding and helping thousands of households left homeless. We are also very grateful for the presence and laudable work of the American Red Cross and, as well, the City of Houston and Harris County, the mayor and county judge, all who were participating in this effort along with other elected officials. When tragedy strikes, we come together, congressional persons, State persons, local elected officials, because we are Texans. It was very sad to lose this many people in a storm that was unexpected. In Ecclesiastes Chapter 3: ‘‘To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven . . . a time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance.’’ I would ask, as we begin to try and rebuild our lives, that we have a moment of silence; if my colleagues would stand in a moment of silence for those names that I have called: German Antonio Franco, Claudia Melgar, Sunita Vikas, Malhara Singh, Pedro Rascon Morales, Charles Edward Odum, Suresh Kumar Talluri, and Teri White Rodriguez. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of my colleagues in the Texas Congressional Delegation in remembrance of those who lost their lives during the Flooding tragedy that occurred in the city of Houston and the surrounding area. Our thoughts and prayers are offered on behalf of and for the families of: 1. German Antonio Franco 2. Claudia Melgar 3. Sunita Vikas 4. Malhara Singh 5. Pedro Rascon Morales 6. Charles Edward Odum 7. Suresh Kumar Talluri 8. Teri White Rodriguez I thank all of the first responders for their courageous and effective efforts to bring assistance and support to those impacted by the flooding last week. The efforts of Houstonians who came to the aid of neighbors and strangers during the flooding saved lives and provided comfort to those impacted. We offer a special thanks to the diverse religious community of Houston who responded with generosity and compassion to over 1000 households left homeless by the flooding. We are also very grateful for the presence and laudable work of the American Red Cross whose volunteers some of which were also victims of the flooding immediately began to offer aid and assistance to flood victims. As elected officials we share a common bond with our constituents that motivate our work on their behalf each day. When tragedy strikes we in the Texas Delegation cease to see the victims as being from a city, town or rural community but as Texans who are in trouble or in need of help. Ecclesiastics Chapter 3: 
To everything there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven . . . A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance. 
This past week has been a time of weeping for far too many Houstonians and those impacted in the State of Texas by flooding, which caused more than $5 billion in damage and loss of life. Today the House stands as one to express our condolences to those impacted by the flooding and to show our commitment that we will do all that we can to ease the suffering of those affected and work to minimize the damage caused by flooding in our State of Texas and every other state. I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in memory of those who perished in the Houston floods. 
GERMANY HAS A MORAL OBLIGATION TO HOLOCAUST SURVIVORS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, along with Congressman TEDDEUTCH , I 
introduced H. Con. Res. 129, a resolution urging Germany to honor its commitments and fulfill its moral obligations to Holocaust survivors. Germany, even by the current government’s own admission, has fallen short of Chancellor Adenauer’s promise to take care of all of the needs of all Holocaust survivors. Due to the horrific physical and mental pain that they have endured, Holocaust survivor needs are more complex than other elderly individuals. There can be no more delay, Mr. Speaker. All Holocaust survivors must be provided all of the medical, mental, and home care needs that they require. Mr. Speaker, there are nearly 15,000 Holocaust survivors in my home State of Florida alone. There are many in my district, like my good friends, Jack Rubin, David Mermelstein, David Schaecter, Herbie Karliner, Joe Sachs, and Alex Gross. I made a vow that I would continue to fight on behalf of them and all Holocaust survivors, and I urge my colleagues to join me in urging Germany to honor its commitments to all Holocaust survivors and to please cosponsor this resolution. 
AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of April as National Autism Awareness Month. As cochair of the Bipartisan Disabilities Caucus and the proud uncle of a young man with autism, I understand many of the unique challenges that this condition presents. I am also aware of the opportunities we can create with a strong commitment to research, education, and the right treatments and interventions. This past Sunday, in my home State of Rhode Island, the Autism Project held its 14th Annual Imagine Walk and Family Fun Day. Each year, this event keeps getting bigger and bigger, both because the awareness continues to grow, but also because autism continues to grow as a challenge. Thanks to the executive director, Joanne Quinn, and the entire team of the Autism Project, thousands of Rhode Islanders joined together for a funfilled day to increase awareness of autism spectrum disorder. Every year, they inspire me to fight for programs and resources that will lead to a better future for families living with autism, and I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in this fight by supporting Autism Awareness not just in April, but every month of the year. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE MINNETONKA GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Minnetonka High School girls basketball team for winning the high school Minnesota State championship. The Skippers won the title with a very hardfought victory over conference rival Hopkins by a score of 61–52. The Minnetonka team overcame history to win the title. Hopkins was seeking its fifth title in 6 years, while Minnetonka had only made the tournament once in school history. But this Minnetonka team was determined, right from the tipoff, and finished the game off with a strong run to secure the championship for the school and for the community. Mr. Speaker, this basketball team is blessed with a number of talented players who worked hard to get to this point, including some that will continue to play at the college level. But even more than that, they are student athletes who have lived up to their obligations in both the classroom and also in our community. The coaches, parents, and fans of the Minnetonka team are very proud. We wish them well in their accomplishment. Congratulations again to the Minnetonka High School girls basketball team. f 
KAPOLEI MIDDLE SCHOOL TEACHER HONORED BY THE WHITE HOUSE (Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Carolyn Kirio from my congressional district. Carolyn is the librarian at Kapolei Middle School. She will be honored at the White House next week for her unparalleled devotion to her work and her students. As librarian at Kapolei Middle School, Carolyn recognized that over 1,400 students had limited access to library resources since the school’s multitrack calendar conflicted with library hours. To address this, Carolyn creatively wove technology into library resources to increase accessibility for both students and teachers. Now, students and teachers are able to access library material at any time online, which, in turn, has increased their potential in the classroom. Our State is fortunate to have school librarians such as Carolyn who devote time and energy and to ensure that every student has the means he or she needs to succeed. Her efforts have truly made a difference. Congratulations, Carolyn, for your welldeserved recognition. 
HONORING THE PASSING OF TONY COSTILLO OF AURORA, COLORADO (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Tony Costillo, a longtime friend of mine, from my hometown of Aurora, Colorado, who recently passed away. Tony and I had a friendship that started in our youth. We had so much in common. Tony and I both came from military families. Our late fathers had both married war brides in the aftermath of World War II. They were career enlisted soldiers who were transferred to Fitzsimons Army Medical Center for their last assignment in 1964 when we were both just 9 years old. Our military families both came from previous assignments in Europe. While I followed in my father’s footsteps and joined the military, Tony stayed in Aurora and eventually married the love of his life, Nita Adkins of Pueblo, Colorado. Tony and Nita raised two extraordinary children, Ben and Jess, in a loving family that has been inseparable. Tony was an extraordinary example of a great friend, a loving husband, a devoted father, and he will always be remembered and missed by all who knew him. f 
b1915 BRING BACK OUR GIRLS (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Wear Something Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. I thank Leader PELOSI for her unwavering support, as well as all of my other colleagues. I thank Representative G.K. BUTTERFIELD , CURTCLAWSON , KAREN BASS, TRENT FRANKS , BARBARA  LEE, G REGORY MEEKS , and S HEILA  JACKSON LEEfor joining me and the escaped Chibok schoolgirls for a candlelight vigil in front of the State Department last Wednesday all in red. At the very same time in Nigeria, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, met with other escaped Chibok girls and praised them for their bravery. Ambassador Power promised that President Obama had not forgotten and America will not give up until the thousands of women and girls kidnapped by Boko Haram were freed. You can watch a piece featuring the candlelight vigil and Ambassador Power’s trip at 12:35 a.m. on ABC Nightline tomorrow night. We will continue to highlight this issue through our words and our actions. Please wear red tomorrow. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. Tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. 
ANZAC DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, while horrific trench warfare was taking place in Europe, half a continent away on April 25, 1915, the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps, ANZAC, set out to capture the Dardanelles and Gallipoli, but met fierce resistance from the Ottoman Turks. It was World War I, 100 years ago. What was originally intended to quickly eliminate Turkey from the war turned into a bloody, 8month battle. More than 8,000 Australians and 2,400 New Zealanders died in that campaign. The battle and the losses of so many caused Australians and New Zealanders to remember the sacrifice of all those who died on ANZAC Day, a day of remembrance, April 25. The Australians have built a magnificent memorial to their war dead. Having seen it, I was humbly inspired how Australians show gratitude to their fallen warriors. Mr. Speaker, join me in honoring our friends and allies, the Aussies and the Kiwis across the sea, as they honor their fallen on ANZAC Day, those who died in the war to end all wars. And that is just the way it is. 
REMEMBERING CHERNOBYL (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight for two purposes. The first is to warmly recognize my noble brother, Steve. I am so proud of you. The second reason I rise is as co chair of the Ukrainian Caucus to commemorate one of the greatest engineering and political tragedies in modern history. Thirty years ago today, on April 26, 1986, at 1:23 a.m., operators in the control room of reactor number 4 mishandled a routine safety test at Chernobyl’s Vladimir Illyich Lenin Nuclear Power Station in the former Soviet Union, now presentday Ukraine. The mishandled test led to a catastrophic explosion that burned for 10 days, and the radioactive fallout spread over tens of thousands of square miles forcing more than onequarter of a million people permanently from their homes. Its plumes reached northern Europe as well. Chernobyl’s legacy remains a heavy burden for the people of Ukraine. To its everlasting shame, the Soviet Union tried to cover up the severity of the disaster engulfing the region with repercussions that could have been avoided. The event drove onethird of a million people from their homes and triggered an epidemic level of thyroid cancer. Over the years, the economic losses have amounted to hundreds of billions of dollars. Mr. Speaker, the impact of Chernobyl lingers socially, economically, and culturally. We, as a free world, should help build a bright future for these communities and their people who persevered in the face of such profound catastrophe. f 
COMMENDING ENVIRONMENTAL WORK OF HOUSE SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSERVATION AND FORESTRY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, from our Nation’s farmers to our foresters, anglers, hunters, and those who love the outdoors, good land management and conservation practices hold endless benefits. To support this stewardship, the 2014 farm bill provides substantial opportunities for agricultural conservation. This includes initiatives such as the Conservation Reserve Program, Environmental Quality Incentives Program, and Conservation Stewardship Program, just to name a few. These voluntary programs are essential in assisting landowners to implement best management practices while also improving water quality and the surrounding watersheds. The farm bill and the committee have also worked to promote wellmanaged forests. Our Nation’s forests, of course, are economic engines in many rural areas while providing resources for our Nation. Additionally, our forests also deliver significant ecological benefits because they are natural water filters, as well as our most important carbon sinks. With Earth Day last Friday, I think it is timely to recognize all the great conservation work going on in our communities and in our committee, and the importance of managed land and water. With that in mind, it remains essential that we continue active stewardship of our forests, farmlands, soils, and watersheds. 
RECOGNIZING MATTS WILCOXEN (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated and hardworking member of my office who is graduating and will be a leader in our Nation’s Armed Forces. Over the course of two semesters, Matts Wilcoxen made a lasting impression in my district office with his work ethic, good attitude, and commitment to public service. Despite being a full time student at the Southern Illinois UniversityEdwardsville campus and a member of their ROTC program, he volunteered several days per week to assist constituents and communities throughout my congressional district. Matts has distinguished himself far beyond the walls of my district office. He will graduate from SIUE as a Distinguished Military Graduate signifying that he finished in the top 10 percent of all cadets that are commissioning this year. He additionally served as the battalion commander for the first semester of this academic year and was the deputy battalion commander during the second semester. Next month, Matts will not only graduate, but he will also be commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Armor Branch of the U.S. Army. Matts is a motivated leader who will serve our Nation proudly in the Army. I am proud of Matts and his dedication to public service and our country and wish him nothing but the best in his future endeavors. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mrs. Napolitano (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1579. An Act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordination and collaboration between Federal tourism asests, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and to the Committee on House Administration for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 27, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Offical Foreign Travel during the first quarter of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, ANNE BRADBURY, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 30 AND FEB. 9, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. *Transportation costs all inclusive for the trip. ANNE BRADBURY, Apr. 18, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calender quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHARLES W. DENT, Chairman, Apr. 8, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calender quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, Apr. 11, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND M AR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. PETE SESSIONS, Chairman, Apr. 4, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Apr. 4, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. ORRIN G. HATCH, Chairman, Apr. 13, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 A ND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, Apr. 11, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4096. A bill to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–523). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2901. A bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–524). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4820. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the testimonials of former or estranged violent extremists or their associates in order to counter terrorist recruitment, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–525). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 207. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for improvements to small business development centers; with amendments (Rept. 114–526). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. House Joint Resolution 88. Resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’ (Rept. 114–527, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 699. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to update the privacy protections for electronic communications information that is stored by thirdparty service providers in order to protect consumer privacy interests while meeting law 
enforcement needs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–528). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. S. 1890. An act to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–529). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 701. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4498) to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities law (Rept. 114–530). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. ADERHOLT: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 5054. A bill making appropriations for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–531). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SIMPSON: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 5055. A bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–532). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration House Joint Resolution 88 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. LONG (for himself and Ms. MATSUI ): H.R. 5068. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish the Office of the Chief Information Security Officer within the Department of Health and Human Services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCDERMOTT: H.R. 5069. A bill to amend the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 to protect investors by expanding the mandated internal controls reports and disclosures to include cybersecurity systems and risks of publicly traded companies; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5070. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for a school and child care lead testing grant program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Ms. PINGREE ): H.R. 5071. A bill to prohibit the President from regulating the provision of certain technical services in the United States for an aircraft of a foreign air carrier that is en route to or from another country, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 5072. A bill to provide for tribal demonstration projects for the integration of early childhood development, education, including Native language and culture, and related services, for evaluation of those demonstration projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. MESSER , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. HENSARLING ): H.J. Res. 91. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to parental rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Ms. M ENG, Mr. GIBSON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. BRAT, Mr. T AKAI, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. KNIGHT , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. CA´RDENAS ): H. Res. 702. A resolution celebrating the contributions of small businesses and entrepreneurs in every community in the United States during ‘‘National Small Business Week’’, beginning on May 1 through May 7, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. ENGEL: H. Res. 703. A resolution expressing support for designation of November 2016, as ‘‘National Bladder Health Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself, Mr. LOEBSACK , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. BOST, and Mr. G UTHRIE ): H. Res. 704. A resolution recognizing the roles and contributions of teachers to building and enhancing the Nation’s civic, cultural, and economic wellbeing; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. PAYNE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. HAHN, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. B ROWN  of Florida, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. MOORE , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. FATTAH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. LEWIS, and Ms. N ORTON ): H. Res. 705. A resolution expressing support for designation of June as ‘‘National Men’s Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5062. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 5063. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the Appropriations Power granted to Congress by that section; Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the legislative powers granted to Congress by that section; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. HANNA: H.R. 5064. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have the power to . . . regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 5065. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HIGGINS: H.R. 5066. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5067. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LONG: H.R. 5068. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCDERMOTT: H.R. 5069. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5070. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 5071. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 gives Congress the power to ‘‘Regulate commerce with foreign Nations’’ By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 5072. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 necessary and proper clause By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: H.J. Res. 91. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. C APUANO and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 24: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 27: Mr. DIAZBALART and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 183: Mr. RICEof South Carolina and Mr. STEWART . H.R. 194: Mr. WOODALL and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. H.R. 292: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 303: Mr. ZELDIN , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. J UDY CHUof California. H.R. 343: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 546: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 592: Mr. CONYERS and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 649: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 664: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H.R. 711: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 793: Mr. CONYERS and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 815: Mr. JOLLY , Mr. D ENT, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 845: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 913: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 921: Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C ULBER SON. H.R. 927: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 953: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 973: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 980: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 1130: Ms. NORTON and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1197: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1199: Mr. GIBSON and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 1221: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1233: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1271: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 1309: Mr. CULBERSON and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 1312: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. SLAUGHTER , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1398: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1427: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. C ROWLEY, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. R ENACCI , and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1439: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1486: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1516: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1519: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1586: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1602: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 1603: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1688: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. GROTHMAN , and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 1706: Mr. DESAULNIER and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 1711: Mr. BRIDENSTINE . H.R. 1718: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1736: Mr. HUELSKAMP and Ms. B ROWN  of Florida. H.R. 1779: Ms. MENG, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. L EVIN, and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1784: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 1818: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. A BRAHAM, and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2030: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 2121: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2180: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2189: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 2197: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2257: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2260: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 2309: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2342: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 2368: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2434: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 2449: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2450: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2515: Ms. GRAHAM and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 2536: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 2622: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2658: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 2698: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. S TIVERS, and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 2711: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 2728: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2740: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2747: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 2775: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2850: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 2894: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2896: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. GROTHMAN , and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 2901: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 2903: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. M CGOVERN, and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 2948: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. HUFFMAN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2962: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2972: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 2980: Mr. ASHFORD and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 3110: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 3117: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 3119: Mr. DOGGETT and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 3222: Mr. JORDAN , Mr. B RADY of Texas and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 3235: Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. LOEBSACK , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 3237: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 3308: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. TSONGA , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 3323: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 3326: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 3355: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 3381: Mr. KILMER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3394: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 3445: Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 3463: Mr. VEASEY and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 3514: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. K ELLY of Il linois, and Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 3604: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3632: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 3660: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 3687: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3693: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. MCCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 3722: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3765: Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. BUCK. H.R. 3779: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3815: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 3817: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 3832: Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. HANNA , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. R EED, and Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 3862: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3870: Mr. MASSIE and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 3880: Mr. DUFFY and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 3931: Mr. BARR. H.R. 3989: Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. COLE, and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 3991: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4029: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4032: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4062: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 4065: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 4134: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 4137: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4160: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4172: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H.R. 4184: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4223: Mr. NORCROSS and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4247: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 4277: Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. AMODEI , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. P IERLUISI . H.R. 4301: Mr. HUELSKAMP and Mr. N UNES . H.R. 4365: Mr. BLUM, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. F LEMING , Ms. M OORE , Mr. WILLIAMS , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . H.R. 4396: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4433: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4446: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 4448: Mrs. LOVE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. K ING of Iowa, and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4450: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4474: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 4479: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 4488: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 4505: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 4519: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4554: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 4597: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 4603: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4613: Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4614: Mr. STEWART , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4625: Mr. Polls, Mr. KILMER , Mr. LANCE , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 4626: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. E MMER  of Minnesota, Mr. THOMPSON of California and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4640: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 4653: Mr. LEVIN, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. ELLISON , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4667: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4674: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 4681: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 4683: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 4695: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. TONKO . H.R. 4715: Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. FORBES . H.R. 4730: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. JORDAN , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 4731: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 4764: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 4766: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 4773: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. HUNTER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 4774: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. GRAYSON and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 4775: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. B LUM, Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 4795: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4796: Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California, and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4798: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 4819: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 4820: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 4848: Mr. HENSARLING and Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 4869: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4871: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4922: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 4924: Mr. MULVANEY and Mr. J ODYB. HICEof Georgia. H.R. 4926: Mr. FLORES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. F OXX, Mr. FORBES , and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 4932: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4933: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 4941: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 4942: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 4949: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 4956: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 4960: Mr. BOST, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R USH, Ms. DUCKWORTH , and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi nois. H.R. 4978: Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4980: Mr. BURGESS , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4991: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5012: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 5032: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 5036: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota and Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 5046: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 5047: Mr. FARENTHOLD and Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.J. Res. 1: Mr. GOSAR . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. GOSAR . H.J. Res. 23: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.J. Res. 87: Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. RUSSELL , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. YODER , and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.J. Res. 88: Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. LATTA , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. BRAT, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. M AC ARTHUR , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. KINGof New York. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. B EYER , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. C ROWLEY, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis sissippi, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California, and Miss R ICEof New York. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. ABRAHAM . H. Res. 12: Mr. REED. H. Res. 112: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 210: Mr. LAMALFA . H. Res. 230: Mr. DEUTCH . H. Res. 419: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H. Res. 494: Mr. FLEMING . H. Res. 569: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. DAVIS of California, and Ms. G ABBARD . H. Res. 605: Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. CA´RDENAS , and Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali fornia. H. Res. 625: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H. Res. 637: Mr. AGUILAR . H. Res. 642: Ms. NORTON . H. Res. 660: Mr. MILLER of Florida and Mr. HUNTER . H. Res. 670: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 681: Mr. RANGEL and Mr. T AKANO . H. Res. 690: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. TITUS, Ms. M OORE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representatives MAXINE WATERS , or a designee, to H.R. 4498, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2425 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 2016 No. 64 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 