Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Francis Michael Young of Waco, Texas, who passed away on May 1, 2016. Mr. Young, better known as F.M., was a leading businessman and philanthropist in Waco and central Texas. While he ran a successful business and employed hundreds of central Texans, his lasting legacy are his family’s charitable contributions to Waco institutions, such as Baylor University, the Waco Mammoth National Monument, and Providence Health Center. F.M. was born on January 13, 1930, in Tours, Texas. After a series of moves, the Young family settled in Speegleville, Texas, where F.M. attended local schools and met Gloria Davis, who later became his loving wife of over 60 years. F.M. went into business with his brothers, R.T. and B.W., building storage tanks for local farmers with surplus military equipment. In 1948, the Young brothers created Waco’s first asphalt plant and would begin winning and working on State highway contracts in 1950. Over the next 20 years, F.M. expanded the company to be one of the top five highway contractors in Texas. F.M. spent countless hours serving his local community and central Texas in a multitude of ways. He served on the board of the Waco Boys Club, the Waco Chamber of Commerce, and the Baylor/Waco Foundation. He and Gloria also had a rich history of donating to Waco institutions. The Youngs provided concrete for the scoreboard at Baylor’s Floyd Casey Stadium, created a marina on the Brazos River for the Governor Bill and Vara Daniel Historic Village, and designed and built the Brazos Queen II, a riverboat tourist attraction along the Brazos River. In 2007, Providence Hospital opened the F.M. and Gloria Young Tower. This facility, which was underwritten by a financial contribution from F.M. and Gloria, includes a fivestory addition that provides bed space with stateof theart cardiac clinics and care centers. The Youngs also played a vital role in the opening of the Waco Mammoth site, an educational tourist attraction, which was recently designated a national monument by the National Park Service. Mr. Speaker, F.M. Young worked tirelessly to better our central Texas and Waco communities. He is loved by his city, and certainly left an enduring impression on central Texas. He will be forever remembered as a great philanthropist, businessman, husband, father, grandfather, and friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Young family. We also lift up the family and friends of F.M. Young in our prayers. Today I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor the life and legacy of F.M. Young. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. f 
HELP FIND OUR MISSING VETS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, yesterday in Hanoi, under a giant bronze statue of Ho Chi Minh, the President of the United States announced that he was formally rescinding our country’s decadeslong prohibition on the sale of military equipment to the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. Without input from Congress, in one grand, unilateral action, the President decided to reward Vietnam for its egregious record on human rights and its continuing crackdown on religious freedoms. But worse than that, he has surrendered a diplomatic opportunity to find out what happened to the 1,500 Americans still unaccounted for in Vietnam and Southeast Asia. It was unfortunate to see where this President’s priorities lie, but there is still time to correct that wrong. Before he leaves Vietnam, I have a message to the President, a message from the Rolling Thunder vets, Chapter 
1, of South Carolina. They asked me to ask him this: Instead of using this opportunity to reward Vietnam or to apologize for what he sees as past American wrongs, please, please, please, Mr. President, use this time instead to do something productive and positive and patriotic—help find our missing vets and help bring them home. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, merciful God, for giving us another day. As the various Members of this people’s House return, we ask Your blessing upon each as they resume the responsibilities that await them. Give each the wisdom and good judgment to give credit to the office they have been honored by their constituencies to fill. Bless the work of all who serve in their various capacities here in the United States Capitol. Bless as well all who visit the Capitol this day, be they American citizens or visitors or guests of our Nation. May they be inspired by this monument to the noble idea of human freedom and its guarantee by the democratic experiment that is the United States. God, bless America, and may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. SHERI AND ROGER CHURCH (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, May is National Foster Care Month when we recognize the individuals who help America’s children and youth who are in foster care find permanent homes and connections. In North Carolina, it is hard to match the dedication of Boone residents Sheri and Roger Church, who recently retired as foster parents after 20 years of providing a loving home to children in need. Since 1994, the Churches have fostered 91 children. They have been recognized on numerous occasions, locally and statewide, for outstanding service to children in foster care. In 2003, Sheri was given the State’s Caring Spirit Award. In 2014, the couple was named Watauga County’s Volunteers of the Year by the local Adult Services Coalition. The Churches have had a lasting impact on their community and on the children who were entrusted to their care. I wish them the very best in their retirement. 
FAMILIES OF FLINT ACT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the families I represent in Flint, Michigan, are still suffering from an ongoing water crisis that left their water tainted with lead and unsafe to drink. When Americans face a humanitarian crisis, we come together to act, to provide them help. That has been our tradition. Those are our values, and, in Congress, that is our job. For too long, the Republicanled House has not allowed a hearing, let alone a vote, on legislation that would provide that basic humanitarian relief to 100,000 people in Flint, Michigan, who still cannot drink their water, who are still suffering from the effect of lead poisoning in their water by acts of its own State government. The Families of Flint Act, legislation that I introduced, has over 155 cosponsors. This bill at least warrants a hearing. There have been committee hearings on this question. There has been a lot of fingerpointing, a lot of argument, a lot of sympathy from Members of Congress, but no action. Congress needs to do its job. 
COMMUNICATION FROM DISTRICT OFFICE MANAGER, THE HONORABLE CHAKA FATTAH, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Dolores Ridley, District Office Manager, the Honorable CHAKA  FATTAH , Member of Congress: HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , May 16, 2016. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena, issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, for testimony in a criminal case. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, DOLORES RIDLEY , District Office Manager. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DIRECTOR OF APPROPRIATIONS, THE HONORABLE CHAKA FATTAH, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Michelle Anderson Lee, Director of Appropriations, the Honorable CHAKA FATTAH , Member of Congress: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , May 16, 2016. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena, issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, for testimony in a criminal case. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, MICHELLE ANDERSON LEE, Director of Appropriations. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4889) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require providers of a covered service to provide call location information concerning the telecommunications device of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforcement officer in an emergency situation involving risk of death or serious physical injury or in order to respond to the user’s call for emergency services, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H. R. 4889 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kelsey Smith Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. SARBANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Imagine that your child is missing. You know that she was abducted from a parking lot, but you don’t know where she is now or how to find her. Grasping for any possible lead, you ask her cell phone carrier to provide the location—and just the location—of her cell phone, hoping that it will lead you to her, but you are told they don’t release that information. So you wait. You rely on others to search for your child by foot and by air, never knowing if your child is alive or if your child is dead, safe, or in pain. This nightmare came true for Missey and Greg Smith 9 years ago last week when their beloved daughter went missing outside Kansas City, Kansas. By all accounts, Kelsey Smith—pictured here—was a vibrant and joyful 18yearold girl. She was preparing to attend college in the fall where she planned to join in the marching band. Kelsey loved to sing. She was the third of five siblings. Tragically, her life was cut short when she was kidnapped from a Target parking lot in June of 2007 just 9 days after her high school graduation, a crime caught on the store’s security cameras. Her family and her friends spent 4 anguished days searching for her, knowing she was in danger but unable to find her. They used every method they could think of to help locate her, but the one tool that would eventually lead to finding her body was not accessible. Kelsey’s parents contacted her cell phone provider on the day she went missing and asked them to ping her cell phone in the hopes that it would assist them in their search. Despite repeated requests from the family and from law enforcement, it took 4 days before the Smiths were able to obtain the location data of Kelsey’s cell phone—4 days, Mr. Speaker, nearly 100 hours of not knowing where their little girl had gone, where she had been taken, or if they would ever see her again. Yet, within 45 minutes of receiving that location data, when they finally got it, Kelsey’s body was found. She was dead. When her mother testified in front of the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, she spoke so bravely of the agony Kelsey’s family endured during that time. She described their ordeal in painful detail. What does a parent go through when a child is missing? You do not eat because you do not know if your child is eating. You do not sleep because you wonder if your child is sleeping. It is, to quote Missey, ‘‘pure hell.’’ Missey and Greg Smith have made it their mission to prevent this type of tragedy from ever happening again. They began facilitating safety awareness seminars for parents and for students. They also began to push for legislation to address the very problem of obtaining timely cell phone location data—only location data, that is all we are talking about here—and only during lifethreatening emergencies—just lifeanddeath situations and only locational data. The legislation we are considering today, which is named in honor of their daughter, is a major step toward that goal. The Kelsey Smith Act requires cell phone providers to provide law enforcement with access to device location data in an emergency situation, when a victim is in danger of death or serious harm or when the device has been used to place a 911 emergency call requesting emergency assistance. This changes current law. You see, current law already permits carriers to provide the data, but it does not require them to. This places an unreasonable burden on wireless providers to determine what constitutes an emergency and then live with the consequences of their decisions, which they now must do in the case of Kelsey Smith. When time is of the essence, do you want a lawyer in corporate headquarters to agonize over the legal definition of an ‘‘emergency’’ or do you want the law enforcement officers, who dedicate their lives to keeping us safe, to make that call? I opt for those who can save lives. To date, versions of the Kelsey Smith Act have been adopted in 23 States, but a patchwork of laws that protect some and leave others vulnerable is not good for the companies that must comply with this law or, more importantly, for the American lives that this law can and will save. You see, Mr. Speaker, the committee believes we need a consistent Federal law that law enforcement across the country can use. Parents shouldn’t have to forumshop for the most favorable law when their children go missing. What if it were your child? I have heard the privacy concerns that some say have been raised by this bill. We have worked diligently to make the bill as targeted as possible to balance legitimate privacy concerns with the importance of saving lives. By limiting the circumstances in which it can be used and, most importantly, by limiting the information that is available, we can ensure that it is only used 
in cases in which it is absolutely necessary. Mr. Speaker, we have heard from law enforcement officers across the country that, when people are in emergency situations, every second counts, and that delay can mean the difference between life and death. The Kelsey Smith Act takes the burden of decisionmaking away from cell phone providers and places it with law enforcement, who are trained specifically to make this kind of determination. The Kelsey Smith Act has been successfully used in multiple States where it is already law. In fact, in Kansas, we have an infant here named Aubrey. Aubrey was innocently in her car seat in a car, in the backseat of the vehicle, when somebody carjacked the car while her parents were standing near it, just feet away. Can you imagine? Her parents are right there, and somebody jumps in the car and drives off with it as you stand hopelessly, unable to do anything as their little daughter, Aubrey, was inside. The local police department used the Kelsey Smith Act in Kansas to track the cell phone that was still in the car, and they were able to successfully recover the baby, Aubrey, who was unharmed, in about 30 minutes. b1415 Officer Dan Friesen credited the safe recovery to the Kelsey Smith Act, saying that the ‘‘technology is very helpful to us and is made possible by the Kelsey Smith Law.’’ Thanks to Kelsey and Greg and Missey Smith, little Aubrey is safe in the arms of her family once again. In the words of her mother: ‘‘We are so happy to have Aubrey home with us and can’t picture life without our baby girl.’’ Because of the Kelsey Smith Act, they do not have to. Mr. Speaker, this law goes beyond just kidnapping cases, however. The Kansas Sheriffs’ Association told us it has also been used in cases of adults with dementia and missing people who are in danger due to lack of lifesustaining medication, severe weather, or other lifethreatening circumstances. I thank my friend from Kansas, Congressman KEVIN YODER . He has been tireless in his advocacy for this legislation. He first brought this bill to my attention last Congress and continued to push for its passage again this year. He has been an advocate for Kelsey and her family throughout the process, and this bill would not have advanced this far without Congressman YODER ’s work. I also want to thank Greg and Missey Smith, who are in the gallery today, for their courage in the face of their tragedy. Because of their willingness to speak about their daughter and what happened to her, we are here today with the opportunity to prevent tragedies like this one that befell Kelsey Smith. Now, I think it is important to note this legislation passed out of the subcommittee after full hearings and through the full committee. In fact, it was voted unanimously out of the full committee. There were no voices of objection. This Wednesday, May 25, is National Missing Children’s Day. According to the FBI, in 2015, there were more than 460,000 reports of missing children made to law enforcement in the U.S. How many of these missing children carry a cell phone? Even if the Kelsey Smith Act leads to the recovery of only one of those missing children, isn’t it worth it? As a parent, I can tell you that, for the families of missing children, it certainly is. We have the opportunity to equip law enforcement with another tool to aid them in emergency situations, a tool that costs nothing and uses information that already exists. Let’s seize this opportunity. Now, I know there will be those who will argue that somehow we didn’t go far enough in privacy. Well, guess what. My State of Oregon passed an almost identical bill, unanimously, and it is a very blue State, Mr. Speaker— full Democratic house, Democratic senate, Democratic Governor. Not a single member objected. That is what this version of the bill is based on. Multiple other States have different reporting requirements for members of their law enforcement community. We honor what the States have done and can do. We don’t take that away. We don’t override that. They can go farther if they want in terms of what they want their State law enforcement officers to do or not do. We simply address the issue related to the telephone carriers and what they must do when called upon in lifeanddeath situations to save the lives of little girls like Aubrey and like Kelsey. Let’s honor Kelsey’s memory by ensuring that her lasting legacy isn’t the story of her death but, rather, the story of how she continued to make a difference to save lives. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H.R. 4889. I do want to say the Democrats continue to support the intention behind this bill. What happened to Kelsey Smith is clearly a tragedy that should not be allowed to happen again. Her family, who have advocated for these changes in the law, deserve our respect and are true heroes. But we cannot support this effort to force the bill through without including the commonsense consumer protections that resulted from strong bipartisan work in the last Congress. In the 113th Congress, the Committee on Energy and Commerce passed a version of the Kelsey Smith Act, a version that included specific protections for consumers’ privacy closer in line with what is required under the Fourth Amendment. The legislation was a negotiated outcome that carefully balanced the needs of law enforcement on one hand with the rights of consumers and privacy concerns on the other hand. These protections would not have in any way slowed law enforcement’s ability to find people in an emergency. They would simply have made sure that consumers are protected after a search takes place. This was a good deal. Unfortunately, the path taken in the current Congress was different. This year’s bill, the one that we are debating now, disregards the hard work that went into finding a bipartisan agreement on the Kelsey Smith Act in the last Congress. During markups in the Energy and Commerce Committee, Democrats offered amendments that would modify H.R. 4889 back to what was agreed to in the last Congress. It would have kept the requirement that carriers provide the requested information to law enforcement, but the amendment would have provided a simple consumer safeguard. It would have required that law enforcement seek a court order within 48 hours after it makes an emergency request. So it would in no way have stood in the way of an emergency request; it would have just required law enforcement to seek that court order after the emergency request. Such modifications would address some of the concerns that have been raised regarding the potential abuse of H.R. 4889. It would not hamper law enforcement’s ability to have quick access to lifesaving location data when they are presented with an emergency situation. We recognize that Chairman WALDEN  was concerned that he could not support last year’s deal, the version from last Congress, because it was not completely consistent with the law in his home State. That is why our proposal added a provision to protect existing State laws. Unfortunately, our efforts were rebuffed. We continue to stand ready to work together again, but I cannot support this bill in its current form without ensuring that additional protections are in place. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. YODER ), the proponent of this legislation who brought it before us. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Kelsey Ann Smith of Overland Park, Kansas. I rise today on behalf of Kelsey’s Army, people all across the country who have put themselves in the shoes of Greg and Missey, who have also had children who have been abducted and understand that we need commonsense public safety laws like this on the books to ensure that we can save lives and ensure that these types of abductions and murders never happen again in our country without the ability to stop them as quickly as possible. June 6, 2016, will mark 9 years since Kelsey Smith, an 18yearold Shawnee 
Mission West student, was kidnapped in broad daylight from a Target parking lot by a predator who would sexually assault and murder her soon after. I remember it like it was yesterday. We all, in Kansas and in my community, felt immediately associated with the grief and pain that Kelsey’s parents were feeling. Parents worried about their own children. They understood what was happening, and they wanted to help. So Kansans and people in my community helped search for Kelsey for days. As Chairman WALDEN so eloquently spoke in favor of this bill, it is an anguish to have your child be missing and you cannot do anything about it. Kelsey’s mother, Missey, says that when your child is missing, as a parent you don’t eat and as a parent you don’t sleep because you don’t know if your child is eating or sleeping. I am a father of two little girls. I cannot imagine the pain and suffering Missey and her husband, Greg, who are with us here today, have endured from Kelsey’s loss. No parent should have to. So today we are going to hear different debates and arguments about how the bill could be changed or improved or differences could be made, but the reality is this law is not on the books in 28 States, and those children are not protected. We cannot, as a House, allow this to stand. So I ask my colleagues to dig deep in their heart to think about putting themselves in their shoes and to not block this legislation, to let this legislation come forward. I promise you it is popular in your district. I promise you a majority of Americans will support this. Opposing this bill is simply wrong and shameful. In the 9 years since Greg and Missey’s daughter was taken from them, they have dealt with this unspeakable, horrific experience with grace and determination. Rather than falling into the depths of despair, like anyone could imagine them to do, they channeled their grief into the passion to help others who find themselves in Kelsey’s situation. They traveled the United States fighting to pass State level versions of the bill we are considering today, and they have done so with great success, with 23 States having passed a version of the Kelsey Smith Act. Today, this body will have the chance to honor Kelsey’s memory and Greg and Missey’s tireless advocacy by bringing the law to all 50 States. In the words of Missey Smith, we have the rare opportunity to ‘‘save lives without it costing one cent.’’ The Kelsey Smith Act creates a narrow exception for law enforcement officers to gain access to limited call location information of an individual’s cell phone in the event of an emergency, like a kidnapping. In those cases, every second counts. Unfortunately, in Kelsey’s case, it took 4 excruciating days for law enforcement to finally obtain the location data from her cell provider. It took 4 days while an entire community searched for Kelsey with no success. It took 4 days because, under current law, providers are not required to provide location data. They are permitted to in an emergency situation, but it is up to their discretion. So the question for this body is: Do you want to leave this up to a cell phone provider, for the lawyers and the executives there to decide, or do you want trained law enforcement making this decision based upon a reasonable belief of an exigent emergency circumstance? It is analogous; I think we all would agree. I think the folks on the opposite side of the aisle would agree that there is certainly a Fourth Amendment right to protect your home and your dwelling, probably the greatest Fourth Amendment protection right of all. And yet, if an officer was driving by and saw an exigent circumstance, saw someone who was in jeopardy of physical harm or emergency, they have the ability to break into that home to save that life. This information is even less secure. It is much more in the public domain. A cell phone provider already has the right to release it. We are saying that decision should be made by law enforcement. What breaks my heart every time I recount Kelsey’s story is, when finally her cell phone location information was handed over, police found Kelsey’s body within 45 minutes. A search that floundered for 4 days could have ended in 45 minutes. We know for a fact, as Chairman WALDEN articulated, that other lives have already been saved in States that have adopted this law. Mr. Speaker, a Federal framework is needed to save lives across the entire country, not just in a patchwork of States that have adopted this bill. It is up to this body to set that framework, which would be a ceiling for State legislatures to follow. If certain States feel that additional privacy protections, such as suggested by my colleagues across the aisle, must be put into place, they are well within their jurisdiction to do so. I believe any concerns articulated by others are overblown in this situation. As someone who has spent my career in this body fighting for the privacy rights of Americans—we just passed the Email Privacy Act 419–0, and all of us supported that—and fought to modernize our Fourth Amendment rights with regard to email privacy, I feel comfortable in saying this bill strikes the right balance. It does not give you the information on the phone. It does not give you content. It does not give you anything other than the pings on the phone in the case of an emergency. It doesn’t even give you GPS tracking. It does not infringe upon our constitutional rights. Any of us, as parents, would be thankful that we voted for this bill today, should something horrific happen in our lives. Mr. Speaker, this body often debates the merits of protecting Americans from the threat of harm versus giving up certain civil liberties. In this case, we are blessed with modern technology that affords law enforcement with a tool to save lives without Americans giving up any of their privacy. Now, I thank my predecessor, Representative Dennis Moore, and my former colleague, Todd Tiahrt of Kansas, who began this effort shortly after Kelsey’s death. I also thank Representatives LYNN JENKINS , MIKEPOMPEO of Kansas, and my colleague from across the aisle, EMANUEL CLEAVER of Missouri, who have worked with me in this fight. I also thank Chairman UPTON  and Chairman WALDEN for working swiftly over the last month to move this important legislation forward. Most of all, I would like to thank the two most important people in this room, who advocated for this bill day after day, Greg and Missey Smith. But for their support and guidance, for their ability to share their tragedy with the world and channel it into goodness, for being here today and throughout the entire legislative process as we moved this bill forward, this movement would not be possible. So God bless you, Greg and Missey, and God bless Kelsey. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill’s passage today. I strongly urge the Senate to waste no time in following suit. Let’s send Kelsey’s law to the President’s desk this year for his signature so we can do something truly meaningful in a bipartisan way and so we can save lives. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, let me say again that Democrats strongly support the intention behind this bill, but we cannot support it as it is currently drafted. We believe that we can do better. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4889. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am, of course, disappointed that the Democrats cannot support this in its present form. The bill that we worked on last year, by the way, never made it to the House floor, and this one did. b1430 The time is now to act. The time is now to help families find abducted children, parents suffering from dementia who are carrying the device and need help saving their lives. This is very narrowly written. As my colleague from Kansas (Mr. YODER ) said: Read the bill. We have. It is very narrowly written. Location, emergency only, life and death. You dialed 911 seeking help. States still have the ability to talk about all these other provisions they may want. We do not preclude that. We honor the right of States, local legislatures to come and add restrictions if they want to do that for postaction reporting, subpoenas, whatever they want to do. 
But in the meantime, can’t we just save lives? Can’t we just pass something that gives certainty to the telecommunications providers that when they get that law enforcement call, they have to provide that data of simply the location when everybody agrees that somebody’s life is in the balance? I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4889, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
KARI’S LAW ACT OF 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4167) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–11 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4167 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kari’s Law Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4167, the Kari’s Law Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, when I first heard of the tragic story of Kari Hunt, I was in disbelief. In his testimony before the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, Kari’s father, Hank, shared with us the way that his daughter was killed—stabbed by her estranged husband in a Texas hotel room while their children were in the room. While that story is obviously horrifying enough, especially as a parent, my true shock came from the next part of the story. Kari’s 9yearold daughter, doing as she had been taught from an early age, had repeatedly tried to dial 911 from the hotel phone to get emergency help. Repeatedly her little fingers pushed the buttons 9–11, but because the phone required another 9 to get an outside line, she was never able to reach the emergency assistance her mother so desperately needed and she so desperately tried to access. What her grandfather, Hank Hunt, told me next will stay with me forever. He said that as he sat with his granddaughter in the lobby of the police department just hours after the death of his daughter, his granddaughter looked at him and said: ‘‘I tried 4 times, Papa, but it didn’t work.’’ ‘‘I tried 4 times, Papa, but it didn’t work.’’ Through this tragedy we learned the difficult truth that many multiline telephone systems, like the kinds often found in hotels and offices and universities, require that users dial an additional digit to use an outside line, even when they are trying to call 911. Mr. Speaker, this is simply unacceptable. In the heat of an emergency, every person in America deserves the peace of mind to know that on any phone 911 actually means 911, period. We teach our children from a very young age what to do in an emergency: dial 911. We all hope that they will never need to use that knowledge, but we want them to know what to do. I don’t know too many parents who also teach their kids to think about dialing 9 or 8 or some other number to get an outside line. H.R. 4167, known as Kari’s Law, seeks to remedy this problem. The legislation requires multiline telephone systems to be configured so that dialing 911 directly connects to public safety. In addition, the law requires that a central point of contact for each system be notified when someone calls for emergency assistance, a provision intended to help emergency responders access buildings and actually locate the emergency caller. Now, these fixes are simple changes to the system in most cases, costing little, if any, money, and taking very little time, but apparently without a legal requirement, there is no way to guarantee that every MLTS will be configured for dialing 911 directly. Some businesses, including many hotels, have taken steps to fix this problem already, and I applaud them for doing so voluntarily, but there needs to be consistency across our great land, Mr. Speaker. If you are a traveler staying in a hotel, you shouldn’t have to wonder during an emergency whether you are in one of the States or counties that have adopted Kari’s Law when the time comes for emergency help. We need a Federal law to provide certainty 
and protect emergency callers when they dial 911. I would like to thank Representative LOUIE GOHMERT from Texas. Mr. G OHMERT brought this issue to our attention. He is the sponsor of Kari’s Law, and his staff has done a terrific job working with us on this legislation. I would also like to thank my colleague, Ranking Member ESHOO , and her staff for working closely with us to make this bill an even better one. Reflecting the way that these systems work and making sure the requirements are strong and effective, I would also like to thank Hank Hunt for bringing this issue to our attention, for pushing for change in the face of his family’s tragedy, and for coming to Washington, D.C., to share his story. I will finish my remarks with something else that Hank said before our subcommittee: ‘‘The inspiration for Kari’s Law was a 9yearold little girl that depended on her instruction from adults on how to handle an emergency, and those adults let her down.’’ Mr. Speaker, let’s not let her down or any other child again. I urge my colleagues to support Kari’s Law, and in doing so, we can take one step forward in ensuring that anyone, regardless of their age, who dials 911 will receive the emergency assistance they need. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in general support of H.R. 4167. I agree that it is important to make sure that consumers using multiline telephone systems, or MLTSs, can directly dial 911 without having to dial additional digits first. We are talking about the multiline phone systems that we use in large office buildings and hotels. Many of these systems require consumers to dial an extra 9 to get an outside line. Most of us know that, but too many people do not realize this applies to 911 also. If you don’t dial 9 first, you can’t reach emergency services. Such a requirement led to a tragedy in Texas several years ago. Kari Dunn was killed while her 9yearold daughter tried to call for help. She did what she was told to do in an emergency— dial 911—but because the system she was using required her to dial 9 first, she only heard silence at the other end. Building on the Herculean effort of Kari Dunn’s family, we are one step closer to fixing this problem once and for all. Kari’s Law is an important step to making our systems work better in an emergency, but we should not delay taking the next step, and that is providing location information to first responders. These multiline systems often fail to deliver precise location information. That means that if someone calls 911 from this very building, for instance, precious minutes would tick by as emergency personnel struggle to figure out where the call came from in the Capitol. We should act immediately to correct this problem, too, because making sure the call goes through is only helpful if public safety officials can find the caller. Mr. Speaker, that is why Democrats had hoped to include such a provision in H.R. 4167 during markup. We are encouraged by the commitment we received from Subcommittee Chairman W ALDEN to work together on a separate bill to address this concern. We hope to get this done soon. With that commitment, I urge Members to support H.R. 4167. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ), who has been such an advocate for this family and for this change in law and has been terrific to work with on this matter. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GREG WALDEN and also his staff. They have been superb to work with, and it has been refreshing to see how thorough both he and his staff have been in researching this issue. I came prepared to talk about the event and actually how it happened, but Chairman WALDEN did such a fantastic job that the emotion runs high at this point, and I am very grateful for the manner in which this has been presented. I also want to thank FCC Commissioner Pai, who in the early days stepped up and made this an issue to get people’s attention, but no greater thanks goes to anyone than to Kari’s father, Hank Hunt. It was December of 2013 in Marshall, Texas, which is normally known for being a kind and helpful city. Police respond often in 1 or 2 minutes. Kari’s 9yearold daughter has not had her name mentioned anywhere, to my knowledge, and that is because this child did everything she could possibly do, everything she had been taught and trained to do. What a phenomenal, quickthinking child that she is. After Kari’s death received an outpouring of comments from constituents and other Americans across the country expressing concern over the issue, every day this is an issue. Fortunately, every day someone does not pay the ultimate consequence of dying because it is an issue. When we looked into this matter, multiline telephone systems can easily be configured or reconfigured to enable callers to reach emergency personnel by dialing 911 without having to dial a prefix at all. Most of the time these changes can be made at no cost, and we have had programmers inform us that they have been doing it at no charge once the issue was brought to their attention. Some MLTS vendors have offered to upgrade or tune up their existing systems for free also. Additionally, the American Hotel & Lodging Association has worked aggressively with its members across the country to swiftly ensure that their systems in place allow guests to directly dial 911 from guest rooms. Most of the American Hotel & Lodging Association’s largest hotel member chains have activated 911 direct dial access at nearly all of their owned and managed properties. This bill gives 2 years for those who have not done so. And in view of the fact that this is so widely public, I anticipate people will move much, much more quickly than 2 years. It is quite refreshing when both sides of the aisle can come together on an issue that saves lives, does not cost anything from taxpayers, is not a mandate that needs funding, and clearly involves interstate commerce and the telecommunications industry. So anyone who dials 911 would reach emergency personnel even if the phone normally requires the user to dial a prefix. Many phones in hotels, offices, even schools don’t reach emergency personnel when a user dials 911 in a time of need because the person failed to dial a prefix. This bill changes that for good. I join Hank Hunt, and I thank full committee Ranking Member PALLONE , Ms. ESHOO , and, again, Chairman W ALDEN, Chairman U PTON , and the staffs for the great work done here. We can avoid tragedy again, and it is just refreshing when we work together to make sure that happens. b1445 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4167, Kari’s Law, and, again, thank my colleague from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for his leadership on this issue and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for working with us on this. I would encourage passage of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4167, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
SECURING ACCESS TO NETWORKS IN DISASTERS ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3998) to direct the Federal Communications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3998 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in late October of 2012, Superstorm Sandy, the largest Atlantic hurricane in recorded history, hit the Caribbean and Northeastern United States with devastating impact. Sandy caused an estimated $72 billion in damages in the United States and took 286 lives. While the economic impact of the storm was massive in scope—homes and buildings damaged or destroyed, roads impassible or washed out altogether—the damage to power and communications infrastructure was particularly severe. Broadcasting, wireless and landline telephone services, broadband services, cable services all suffered disruptions and outages that lasted long after the storm’s fury had passed. At a time when families struggled to find and reunite with loved ones, this only added to the confusion and, frankly, the panic. But beyond the impact on the personal communications that are needed to assuage the fears in the wake of a disaster, these outages also threatened the delivery of public safety messages and emergency response services. This put even more lives at risk, including those of the first responders—the men and women who race to save others— and made recovery that much more difficult. While our public safety and emergency response experts at all levels of government and the communications industry have implemented changes as a result of the lessons learned from Superstorm Sandy, there is more that must be done. Just a few weeks ago, the wireless industry—CTIA, together with AT&T, Sprint, TMobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon—announced the adoption of the Wireless Network Resiliency Cooperative Framework. This set of voluntary practices will provide consumers with access to wireless services even when their wireless provider’s network goes down, will improve preparedness, and will speed the restoration of services. I would like to thank Ranking Member PALLONE of New Jersey, whose district suffered so badly and so much from the effects of Sandy. His leadership and efforts led to the industry’s voluntary adoption of this framework, and I commend the industry for its commitment and him for his work. The SANDy Act lets us build on that accomplishment, as there are some changes that only the government can make. This legislation makes what I believe is a commonsense change to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to recognize not only wireline, but mobile telephone service and broadcast radio, broadcast television, cable service, and broadcast satellite service as essential services when we have an emergency. This change will ensure that providers of these critical services are not denied or impeded access to a disaster when they are trying to restore service. Without question, these services are critical to ensuring the safety and wellbeing of both those impacted by the disaster, but also those who are responding to that very disaster. In addition to expediting access for network restoration teams, this legislation also directs the FCC to study making the telecommunications service providerowned WiFi access and other communications technologies operating on unlicensed spectrum available to access 911 service when commercial mobile service is unavailable. We have an abundance of communications tools in the modern information economy. We should be looking at ways to leverage all of them during emergencies, and this report will do just that. I thank the ranking member for his work on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 18, 2016. Hon. FREDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 3998, the Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act, as ordered reported by the Committee on Energy and Commerce. There are certain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite this legislation for Floor consideration, the Committee will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not alter or diminish the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House Floor. I appreciate the Committee on Energy and Commerce working with me to address my concerns. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, May 19, 2016. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 3998, Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act, as ordered reported by the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. As you noted, there are certain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I appreciate your willingness to forgo action on this bill in order to expedite this legislation for Floor consideration. I agree that forgoing consideration of this bill does not alter or diminish the jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. In addition, I will support your request for the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. I will place a copy of your letter and this response into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House Floor. Sincerely, FREDUPTON , Chairman. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3998, Securing Access to Networks in Disasters, or SANDy, Act. Superstorm Sandy had a dramatic effect on my district back in New Jersey. We saw firsthand the importance of communications networks during an emergency. Broadcast and cable networks provide critical information to help us stay out of harm’s way, and telecommunications networks are what makes sure we can call for help and keep track of our loved ones. Unfortunately, when Hurricane Sandy ripped through the Northeast, we could not rely on several of these systems when we needed them most. For instance, nearly one in four cell towers were knocked out. In some of the hardest hit areas of my State, as many as half of the towers went down. Many of them stayed down for weeks. That is why I have spent the past several years figuring out what went right and what went wrong. We learned about issues that have plagued our networks for at least a decade—not just during Sandy, but during Hurricane Katrina and other major disasters as well. The SANDy Act will take another step toward making that right. Specifically, the SANDy Act would recognize the important role that wireline and mobile telephone, Internet, radio and television broadcasting, and cable and satellite services play during emergencies. These communication providers need priority access to help them repair and maintain their communications equipment during disasters. But this bill is part of a larger effort to keep us safe in emergencies. As part of the leadup to today, I worked, as my colleague said, with the Nation’s largest wireless carriers and the Federal Communications Commission to pull together a voluntary framework to ensure the industry complies with the wireless provisions that were originally set forth in the SANDy Act. Most important, the framework makes sure that if one network goes down, its customers can access another network that is still operational. Everyone should be able to call for help as long as any signal is available. Mr. Speaker, this agreement will save lives during major emergencies in the future. I would like to thank the wireless carriers and the FCC for working with me to craft this comprehensive agreement, as well as Chairman WALDEN . Having these networks operational can mean the difference between life and death during an event like Superstorm Sandy. I urge all Members to support H.R. 3998, and I hope that once it passes the House today, the Senate will take up the measure and send it to the President. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a fine piece of legislation. It is important, in moving ahead, to correct some things that need to be corrected, frankly, in terms of emergency communications during super emergencies. I urge passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3998, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
TIMELY AVAILABILITY OF ITEMS ADOPTED BY VOTE OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2589) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2589 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TIMELY AVAILABILITY OF ITEMS ADOPTED BY VOTE OF THE COMMISSION. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Communications Commission regulates an incredibly dynamic and innovative sector of the American economy. The communications technology sector directly impacts the lives of consumers in meaningful ways. Consumers are able to map their ways to new places like, frankly, I did this morning; find information and enriching content; and reach their loved ones who might live in the most remote places. Communications technology also enables other industries to reach their audiences in new and lifechanging ways. Health care, finance, manufacturing, agriculture: all of these industries are leveraging communication technologies in ways to better serve the American consumer. We can’t afford to allow this functional sector of the economy to languish or fail under outdated regulations or a faulty regulatory process. That is why the Committee on Energy and Commerce has focused on improving the process at the FCC so that it operates in an effective and more transparent manner. This House passed a comprehensive FCC process reform bill back in November, H.R. 2583, but we continue to work on improving the FCC’s communications with the public. Hence, H.R. 2589. This is one such improvement. Sponsored by my colleague, Representative ELLMERS of North Carolina, this bill is targeted at the FCC’s struggle to make its newly adopted rules available to the public in a timely fashion. The bill requires the FCC to show the public what it has just voted on by publishing the text of the rules within 24 hours of the filing of the last dissenting statement. This should not be too difficult. Normally, the FCC does a reasonable job in 
publishing its new rules fairly quickly after adoption. However, on more controversial items, the documents are not available until much later. For example, the Lifeline Order, adopted on March 31, was not available for 27 days. That is nearly a month. The FCC should not be delaying publication on controversial items. It should seek to add information and facts to the debate rather than appearing to hide the ball. At the same time, we recognize that the FCC must have the ability to respond to dissenting statements that criticize its decisions. Accordingly, we worked with our colleagues across the aisle to ensure that the Commission had a fair opportunity to address dissents to dissents and still make sure that new rules became available to the public in a timely way. In other words, so the Commission can do its work back and forth among Commissioners and finish their product. But once they do, they need to make it available to the public. By the way, that is who they work for. I would like to thank my colleagues on the committee for their work, particularly Representative ELLMERS and Representative MCNERNEY . I believe the bill strikes the right balance, and I urge my colleagues to support Representative ELLMERS ’ bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2589. For the past several years, Republicans have been focused on changing procedures at the Federal Communications Commission. The bill we are considering today demonstrates that Democrats are willing to work with Republicans on these ideas when the proposals are reasonable. The original bill had some issues. It would have required the FCC to post within 24 hours of adoption any final rules that were modified by the Commission. Such a requirement was inconsistent with the Administrative Procedure Act, which requires that any rule changes are accompanied by an explanatory text. Additionally, the original bill failed to take into account the fact that in many cases where there is a delay in the release of FCC decisions, it is usually due to late receipt of dissenting statements from some Commissioners. To fix these issues, Democrats proposed an amendment during markup to provide the FCC to post, in its entirety, the text of any actions within 24 hours after dissenting Commissioners file their statements. The improvements ensure that this bill will not force the FCC to act in conflict with other laws, such as the Administrative Procedure Act. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this fine piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BROOKS of Alabama). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2589, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
b1500 ALABAMA HILLS NATIONAL SCENIC AREA ESTABLISHMENT ACT Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 496) to establish the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area in the State of California, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 496 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Administrative jurisdiction of the approximately 56 acres of Federal land depicted on the Map as ‘‘USFS Transfer to BLM’’ is hereby transferred from the Forest Service under the Secretary of Agriculture to the Bureau of Land Management under the Secretary. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit commercial services for existing and historic recreation uses as authorized by the Bureau of Land Management’s permit process. Valid, existing, commercial permits to exercise guided recreational opportunities for the public may continue as authorized on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am the author of H.R. 469, which establishes the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area, encompassing roughly 18,000 acres of Federal land in central California, to preserve recreational and other existing uses in the area. The Alabama Hills are a range of hills and rock formations near the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada Mountains and are used for a variety of recreational activities. The area has also served as a popular filming location for films and television shows. ‘‘The Gene Autry Show,’’ ‘‘The Lone Ranger,’’ ‘‘Bonanza,’’ and films including ‘‘Tremors,’’ ‘‘Gladiator,’’ and ‘‘Iron Man’’ were filmed, in part, in the Alabama Hills area. The goal of this legislation is protecting this area from the industrial scale renewable energy development that is occurring in surrounding areas while also protecting existing uses. The Alabama Hills Stewardship Group as well as offroad groups, the local chamber of commerce, local and national conservation groups, and many others coordinated for over 2 years to share ideas that ultimately formed the basis of H.R. 496. In addition to the National Scenic Area designation, the bill preserves existing recreational and commercial uses of the area, including grazing, filming, hiking, mountain biking, rock climbing, hunting, fishing, and authorized offhighway vehicle use. This is a commonsense bill that will successfully balance a wide range of Federal land uses within the National Scenic Area and has extensive local support. This legislation is the culmination of the work of countless local groups and individuals. I would especially like to thank Inyo County Supervisor Matt Kingsley and Kevin Mazzu of the Alabama Hills Stewardship Group for their tireless efforts to make the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area a reality. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Congressman COOK, a fellow Marine, for crafting this bill before us. H.R. 496 establishes the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area on approximately 18,000 acres of Federal land in southern California. Only a few hours’ drive from Hollywood, Alabama Hills features a unique collection of rock formations which attracted filmmakers for a decade, as the gentleman has told us. The area’s unusual landscape has served as the backdrop for famous television and movie scenes, including ‘‘Bonanza’’ and even now great movies like ‘‘Iron Man.’’ By incorporating the area into BLM’s National Conservation Lands, the establishment of the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area will promote permanent protection of the area and encourage tourism and recreational activities. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides a model for responsible conservation that we should seek to emulate across the country. There are areas of Federal land throughout the United States that deserve enhanced protection. I hope we can continue to work in a bipartisan manner to preserve them for future generations through locally driven conservation initiatives. For now, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I look forward to working with the majority to identify additional opportunities to protect public land. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I want to thank my colleague for the Marine tag team comment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 496, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIVE AMERICAN CHILDREN’S SAFETY ACT Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 184) to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 184 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native American Children’s Safety Act’’. 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 184, the Native American Children’s Safety Act, which amends the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act. The bill requires tribal Social Service agencies to perform character background investigations of all foster care parents and adults living in foster care homes prior to placement of an Indian child into a foster home. This bill creates a framework by which tribes must conduct thorough background checks of individuals who reside in or are employed by a foster home or institution in which tribal foster placements are made. The bill would protect Indian foster children from being placed if the background check reveals a conviction by a Federal, State, or tribal court of felony child abuse, neglect, or crimes against children. S. 184 is the companion to H.R. 1168, sponsored by the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). H.R. 1168 passed the House of Representatives by voice vote on June 1, 2015. These bills are the culmination of years of work led by Mr. CRAMER as he and his colleagues in the North Dakota delegation worked to address a very sad child abuse problem plaguing an Indian reservation in his State. Passage of S. 184 is a critical first step toward ensuring that Indian children are placed in safe, secure, and loving homes within their tribal communities. Again, I would like to thank my good friend, the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), for his hard work on this important issue. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on S. 184. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we are all aware of the challenges that Native children face when it comes to their health, safety, and security. For example, Native children are 2.1 times more likely than other American children to end up in foster care. They are also 2.5 times more likely to become victims of abuse or neglect. The Native American Children’s Safety Act will help to address these disparities by strengthening background checks for prospective foster care parents prior to placement. In addition, the legislation will ensure that Federal and tribal agencies conduct these checks in a uniform manner. The House previously passed an identical bill, H.R. 1168, introduced by our colleague from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), and it is critical that we pass the Senate version as well. Mr. Speaker, there are many troubling issues that we in Congress must address in order to reverse the alarming trends that we see today in the health, safety, and wellbeing of Native children. These kids deserve far more of our time and our attention; yet, for too long their needs have been neglected by this body. So, Mr. Speaker, I call on Congress to reverse this pattern of neglect and to start passing legislation like the bill before us today that will help protect and provide for our Native children. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Senators HOEVEN and T ESTER for introducing and moving the Native American Children’s Safety Act through the Senate. I ask my colleagues to stand with me in support of S. 184 and in support of our Native children. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), the author of the House companion bill. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank now my two favorite marines. That was very nice. Thanks to both of them. Last Congress, in the Natural Resources Committee, we actually had an oversight hearing regarding the child protection crisis on the Spirit Lake Indian Reservation in my State of North Dakota in response to numerous child deaths and whistleblower reports detailing unsafe tribal placement of almost 40 foster children in abusive homes, many of these homes that were headed by convicted sex offenders. In an effort to protect these children, I did introduce the Native American Children’s Safety Act in the House, which is a companion bill, as noted by previous speakers, that was introduced in the Senate by Senator HOEVEN and Senator TESTER . Both bills passed their respective Chambers without objection. Today I am asking my colleagues here in the House to join me in passing the Senate bill so that we can get it to the President for his quick signature. As stated, the bill implements acrosstheboard minimum protections for children placed in foster care at the direction of a tribal court. And, yes, the statistics are stark. Native American children are 2.5 times more likely to be victims of abuse or neglect than other American children. 
But, Mr. Speaker, children exposed to violence are also more likely to abuse drugs and alcohol. They are more likely to suffer from depression and anxiety and other posttraumatic disorders. The standards in this bill mirror existing national requirements for non tribal foster care placements, ensuring that tribal children receive care at least equal to that in the protections afforded nontribal children. It is bipartisan, as you can tell. It is noncontroversial, as you can tell. It was reported out of the Natural Resources Committee by unanimous consent both this Congress and the last Congress. But I want to add this word of thanks to other folks who were very helpful. I want to thank the National Indian Child Welfare Association, the National Congress of American Indians, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, and the Department of Health and Human Services, all of whom provided insights and suggestions for this bill. Their counsel proved valuable in providing the flexibility to the tribes without hampering, stepping on their sovereignty, so that they could transition to these uniform standards and help save perhaps many, many lives on our reservations. I thank my colleagues. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1515 Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 184. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5077) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5077 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2017 the sum of $514,000,000. TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
The authorization of appropriations by this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
Agency, or the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community to notify the head of the element of the intelligence community, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, or the Director of National Intelligence, as the case may be, of a complaint or information otherwise authorized by law. 
Funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the Department of Energy shall be deemed to be authorized to be appropriated for such activities, including for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094). 
Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to ‘‘Director of the National Counter Proliferation Center.’’. 
Section 11 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3511) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report listing, by year, the number of employees of an element of the intelligence community who have been detailed to the National Security Council during the 10year period preceding the date of the report. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ). 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 5077. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Passing an annual intelligence authorization bill is the most important tool Congress has to conduct effective oversight of the intelligence activities of the U.S. Government. Today, Ranking Member SCHIFF and I are bringing the seventh consecutive intelligence 
authorization bill to the floor. I am pleased to say that, as in past years, this bill is a bipartisan product that reflects the contributions of all of the committee’s members. It was reported out of the committee by a unanimous voice vote. Because most of the intelligence budget involves highly classified programs, the bulk of the committee’s schedule of authorization and direction are found in the classified annex to the bill. The classified annex has been available in HVC–304 for all Members to review since Friday, April 29. At the unclassified level, I can report that the overall funding authorized by this bill is slightly above the President’s budget request, but still below last year’s enacted level. The overall funding is also consistent with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. Furthermore, the bill funds the Military Intelligence Program in line with the levels of the Housepassed National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. The bill funds highpriority initiatives not included in the President’s request, trims requested increases that lack clear justifications, and reflects the committee’s determinations of which programs represent the best value for intelligence dollars in a challenging budget environment. Mr. Speaker, today the threat level facing America is higher than at any time since 9/11. ISIL has established safe havens in Syria, Iraq, and Libya, and the group hopes to create caliphates stretching from Lebanon to Iraq, including Jordan and Israel. The goal of our counterterrorism strategy should be to deny safe havens from which terrorists can plot attacks against the United States and our allies. Regrettably, we have not prevented ISIL from establishing a safe haven, and the group has become skilled at hiding from Western intelligence services. ISIL members have used that breathing room to plan attacks in Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East, and they are undoubtedly planning attacks against the homeland here in the United States. This bill will ensure that the dedicated men and women of our intelligence community have the funding, authorities, and support they need to carry out their mission and to keep us safe. Before closing, I want to take a moment to thank the men and women of this country who serve in our intelligence community. I am honored to get to know so many of them in the course of the committee’s oversight work. I would like to thank all of the committee’s members—majority and minority—for their contributions to our oversight over the past year, and especially our subcommittee chairmen and ranking members for their expertise on the programs within their subcommittees’ jurisdiction. The many hearings, briefings, and oversight visits our members carry out during the year provide the inputs for the authorization and direction in this annual bill. I would also like to thank the staff of the committee for their hard work on the bill and for their daily oversight of the intelligence community. In particular, I would like to thank Shannon Stuart, Nick Ciarlante, Scott Glabe, Bill Flanigan, Lisa Major, Geof Kahn, Chelsey Campbell, Andrew House, Doug Presley, Steve Keith, George Pappas, Jack Langer, Crystal Weeks, Jake Crisp, and Diane Rinaldo. I would also like to thank our two fellows from the Los Alamos National Laboratory, Alex Kent and Philip Tubesing. All of these staff members spent long hours working on the legislative text and its classified annex, and the bill is stronger for it. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 5077, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, May 20, 2016. Hon. DEVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 5077, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’ The bill includes provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Homeland Security will forego action on this bill. However, this is conditional based on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of H.R. 5077 at this time does not prejudice this Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or any fixture jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation. This waiver is also given with the understanding that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference that may be convened on this or any similar legislation, and requests your support for such a request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5077, and ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I look forward to working with the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence as this bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , W ASHINGTON , DC, MAY23, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5077, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. As you noted, certain provisions of the bill are related to the jurisdictional interests of the Committee on Homeland Security. I agree that your letter in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Homeland Security with respect to the appointment of conferees or any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or any similar legislation. I appreciate your willingness to assist in expediting this legislation for floor consideration. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I would like to thank Chairman NUNES , who has once again proven an invaluable partner on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. The Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 is the fourth major piece of bipartisan legislation that we advanced together in less than 18 months. That is no small feat. Working together, we have proven yet again what this body can achieve when the country’s interests are put first: solving real problems for each and every American, as well as for people around the world; supporting the men and women of the largest and most capable intelligence community—who work day and night to keep us safe—while ensuring strict oversight of even the most highly classified activities. Chairman NUNES and I do not agree on everything, nor should we. We have different perspectives and speak for an even broader group of Representatives in the body as a whole. There are provisions I wish had been in this bill and some I wish were not in the bill. I know my majority colleagues feel the same way about other provisions. I also believe we could have done this bill under a more open rule. But because we all rolled up our sleeves and worked together, the bill before us today is an exceptional work product, and I am very proud to support it. It is also an honest bill. There are no budget gimmicks to evade spending commitments. While the bill contains a classified annex and schedule of authorizations, each and every page has been available, and will remain available, to every Member for review. This bill also reaffirms one of my core convictions, borne out by the other three bills our committee has passed: that privacy and security can and must coexist. The bill funds and authorizes vital programs and activities of the U.S. intelligence community, including the Department of Defense intelligence elements. At the same time, the IAA’s several hundred pages provide detailed guidance, strict authorization, and clear limitations on the IC’s activities. Turning to more specifics, this year’s IAA authorizes intelligence funding nearly equivalent to the President’s budget request, which is about the same level as fiscal year 2016’s enacted budget level. The base budget authorization is nearly equal to the President’s request, and the overseas contingency operations authorization is roughly 1.5 percent above the request. 
The bill trims some unnecessary funding and reprioritizes resource allocations, adds money to underfunded programs, and provides congressional direction to ensure greater accountability, transparency, and efficiency within the IC. It also fences, or restricts the spending of, significant amounts of money to better ensure continuous IC accountability throughout the year. The IAA also addresses the key strategic questions that we have been asking over the course of the year: First, are we focusing too much on the threats of the day at the expense of the threats of tomorrow? We do not have the luxury of choosing our challenges. Over the years, we have spent significant resources on counterterrorism priorities in the Middle East and South Asia, and, of course, we must continue to focus on counterterrorism, particularly with the enduring threat of ISIL. But at the same time, we cannot disregard our nearpeer competitors, such as China and Russia, whose increasing adventurism challenges our interests and influence abroad and threatens our allies and partners. I am pleased this year’s IAA strikes a better balance between the nearterm threats and longer term challenges that we face. Second, are we sufficiently protecting what we currently have, whether in space, at sea, or in the cyber realm? Our space, cyber, and sea assets are the most advanced in the world, but unless we are careful, they will become increasingly vulnerable. To better secure them, this bill wisely invests in cyber and supply chain security, as well as in resilience and other means of protection. Third, are we leveraging commercial products and services while, at the same time, making investments in revolutionary technologies that do not yet have commercial application? We have the world’s most productive and innovative private sector, particularly when it comes to space. We must leverage and support it wherever we can, which I am pleased the IAA does. At the same time, this bill recognizes that government must invest in the most advanced, gamechanging technologies that do not yet have a market. Fourth, are we recruiting, training, and developing the most effective and diverse workforce, as well as leveraging foreign intelligence relationships and building foreign partner capacity? The U.S. has the most advanced, capable, and reliable intelligence community in the world. Wherever I travel, I am continually impressed and inspired when I meet these brave and talented women and men. This bill identifies ways to further support and improve the workforce by expanding diversity in the IC, promoting travel, and supporting language training. It also provides critical support to build the capacity of foreign partner services and does so strategically, in a way that helps ensure the utmost professionalism and respect for the rule of law. As is the case in nearly all legislation, as I mentioned at the outset, this bill is not perfect. For years, I have pushed the administration and Congress to support the publication of an annual report on the number of combatants and noncombatants killed in lethal strikes. Despite our best efforts to ensure to a near certainty that no civilians will be killed or injured, sometimes strikes do result in civilian casualties, and it is important that we acknowledge these accidents, learn from them, and be open about them. At the same time, greater transparency can help narrow the perception gap between what really happens and what is reported or sent out as propaganda. Soon, the administration will release the first accountability report on noncombatant casualties and injuries. This is a good thing. But I also believe that there is a value and a statutory requirement to make this executive action permanent, ensuring that our commitment to transparency extends beyond the term of the current administration. This is an issue that I believe the IAA or NDAA should have addressed, and I will continue to work with my colleagues to push for this change to be codified into law. As I said at the outset, this bill is truly bipartisan, carefully refined, and an honest effort to secure our Nation while safeguarding privacy and civil liberties. I am proud to support this year’s Intelligence Authorization Act, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Once again, I want to thank Chairman NUNES and all of the members of HPSCI. I look forward to working with the Senate, the administration, and with all my colleagues throughout the remainder of this Congress to further improve the bill as it progresses to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for allowing me to speak in support of the Intelligence Authorization Act. Fifteen years or so ago, I was piloting the B–1, which is one of the most sophisticated aircraft or weapons systems ever developed. At the time, I was preparing to take on the global threats that we were dealing with, but I was reminded that we live in a dangerous world and that the fundamental responsibility of the Federal Government is to protect Americans and to provide for our mutual defense. In the many years since then, I would argue that our Nation faces even greater threats than those I faced during the times that I flew in the Air Force. b1530 Russia is, again, increasing its role in Eurasia through formulating strategic partnerships, coopting local officials, and utilizing its military to establish strongholds in ways we really haven’t seen since the height of the cold war. China has dramatically expanded its militaristic sphere in the South China Sea and in other locations. Rogue states like Iran and North Korea continue to develop and expand their weapons of mass destruction programs. And, of course, there is always the Middle East, a thing that we often think about and that we spend so much time worrying about, that requires so much of our resources. It is only through the intelligence community that we are able to identify and then respond to these threats. In fact, as we all know, just yesterday we learned of a U.S. air strike that killed Mullah Mansoor, the head of the Taliban. Successful operations like this are made possible because of the great work of our intelligence community. That is why we must pass the Intelligence Authorization Act. This bill continues to authorize critical national security programs at a time when we face the most significant threat levels since World War II. In my travels around the world, I have this great blessing of working with members from the intelligence community. I see what they do is dangerous. It is exhausting. It is the dirty work down in the trenches, but it is critical to our national security. That is why I ask my colleagues to join with me in supporting this important legislation. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ), who is one of our subcommittee ranking members. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank my esteemed colleague, the ranking member from California, for yielding the time today, and for leading and presiding on our side over this bill. I would also like to thank the staff on both sides for their hard work on this year’s Intelligence Authorization Act, or the IAA. I also appreciate the opportunity to stand here in support of this year’s bipartisan IAA. We ask a lot of our intelligence community when it comes to collaboration. When they collaborate, they best keep us safe. What we are doing today is we are sending to the floor a bill that reflects our own collaboration and shows that what we expect of them, we can also deliver to the House floor. I am pleased that this bill promotes our national security around the globe and, in particular, our human intelligence capabilities, which still, I believe, remain at risk and could benefit from an even greater focus within the IC. I am also pleased that the IAA includes, as a standalone provision, the 
Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act that Representative LOBIONDO and I brought to the floor earlier this year, which passed the House unanimously and helps track the foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad, a growing problem in today’s world. This year’s IAA committee report also includes a provision I added requiring a report from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, analyzing the status of student loan forgiveness and debt counseling programs across the IC and the viability of IC wide programs. As student debt continues to cripple this generation, we must determine the best incentive packages available to young intelligence officers abroad and here at home in order to continue to recruit and retain the best, brightest, and most diverse to public service, regardless of their financial situation because they went to college. I am also pleased that this bill calls for a report from the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Energy on their current utilization of national labs expertise, and opportunities for areas of expansion. My own congressional district is home to two of these labs—Lawrence Livermore and Sandia. I have seen firsthand how they work to strengthen our national security. Just as we must train and retain the best and brightest of the IC, we must continue to leverage the great talent found in our national labs. I encourage all of our Members to support this year’s collaborative bipartisan IAA. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ), also one of our subcommittee ranking members. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support this year’s Intelligence Authorization Act. Our national security is truly a bipartisan issue, and this legislation is a reflection of both parties’ shared commitment to the safety and security of all Americans. This bill helps provide our intelligence community with the necessary resources and capabilities to defend our Nation against ongoing and emerging threats around the world. As a ranking member on the DOD Intelligence and Overhead Architecture Subcommittee, I am pleased that the language and direction in this bill continues to advance our capabilities on the ground and in space, and provides necessary oversight of many critical DOD, NRO, and NGA programs. Additionally, this legislation takes important steps towards enhancing thorough oversight of our surveillance capabilities while continuing to make calculated investments in critically important strategic efforts. In the IAA, we also invest in our greatest national resource—our people. By accepting provisions that I drafted to promote diversity in the IC workforce, we are now able to provide a summer internship program to students from the existing Centers of Academic Excellence. We also now hold the IC more accountable for doing a better job of developing a matrix to assess how minority fellowship and internship programs actually achieve their desired results. This past weekend I had the pleasure, along with Congressman ANDRE´CARSON, to attend and be honored at the 3rd Annual African American National Security and Intelligence Leadership Summit. This annual event serves as a rare opportunity for African Americans in the IC to gain leadership insights from top national security officials. It was also a great occasion and further reaffirmed my commitment to helping ensure robust diversity throughout the entire IC. We were also successful in this year’s IAA to include bipartisan language that promotes accountability and transparency in all IC federally funded academic programs by requiring agencies to report on their recruitment and retention efforts. Increasing diversity and accountability in the IC is a good governance issue and makes all of us better because it ensures unique and creative ways of problemsolving, which is increasingly necessary as we face more complex intelligence challenges. As a committee, I am extremely proud of the work we did. We took great pains to cut unnecessary funding while prioritizing the need to improve upon processes and promote efficiencies in the IC. The reality is that we live in a world where potential threats to our Nation are constantly developing and changing. As our military missions and intelligence objectives continue to evolve, we need an intelligence community that is diverse, agile, and adequately funded. I am proud to support this year’s Intelligence Authorization Act. I want to commend my chairman and ranking member and all of the staff for all of their hard work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this critically important piece of legislation. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), also a subcommittee ranking member, and one of the leaders on many issues in the committee but, in particular, on privacy issues related to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking the chairman and the ranking member of the committee for the terrific, open, and bipartisan process that led to the adoption of this bill in committee, and urge my colleagues here in this room to support it. I would also like to add my plaudits and thanks to staff on both sides of the aisle without whom this would never have been possible. I support this bill because, most importantly, it well funds the remarkable work of our intelligence community in all that they do against the ongoing and alltoopresent threats of terrorism and all that they do in keeping us apprised and keeping our options available to address the many threats that face, or could face, this Nation coming out of places like Russia, North Korea, Iran, and plenty of other locales around the world. At the same time, and critical for my own support, this bill is supportive of the essential activities that the intelligence community and that we must do to preserve and defend the civil liberties that are so important to us and, even more importantly, the values, the values embodied in this country that, at the end of the day, are the qualitative difference between this country and our adversaries. Mr. Speaker, I would note, in particular, some conversation came up, as the ranking member alluded to, with respect to the President’s Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. In committee, I stressed that this is one of a couple of groups that provide oversight for these terribly important activities. When you think about it, internally there are the inspector generals and the checks within the executive agency; there are a couple of dozen Members and Senators of Congress who provide some oversight; and then there is this outside group which produces opinions, which have been cited in FISA court opinions, which have been cited by the amicus that was set up as a result of the good work of this body in doing the USA Freedom Act. I will continue to say that it is an important part of the overall intelligence community. Maintaining this balance between our national security, which is critical, and, again, those values, which are the qualitative difference that we have with our adversaries, is important. It is enshrined in this bill, and I am delighted to offer my support. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ), another one of the leaders on the committee. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to join the chorus in thanking the staff on both sides of the aisle, and the ranking member and the chairman for their extraordinary work in support of the Intelligence Authorization Act. Indeed, it is something of a model for how we can work on a bipartisan basis. This year’s Intelligence Authorization Act provides funding and oversight to vital collection and analysis programs. It also provides guidance of how best to support and leverage our partners and allies, which is critical in the world of shrinking budgets and everincreasing threats. Specifically, I am pleased that the IAA continues to support security services in Ukraine. I have long advocated 
for U.S. assistance to Ukraine given the strategic relationship and shared value between our two countries. Russia remains a significant threat to its neighbors and to the U.S. Bolstering our partners in Eastern Europe is one key way to check Russia’s increasing adventurism. Looking ahead, we must stay focused on this threat and continue to focus on our national security programs at home. We cannot simply allow ourselves to get lulled into a false sense of security simply because of lack of information about specific threats against soft targets like stadiums and airports. Since 9/11, we have made significant and important enhancements to U.S. intelligence capabilities, but that was 15 years ago. We must continuously reassess our risks and take appropriate steps to stop terrorist attacks before they occur. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, to describe the world as dangerous is not an overstatement or a political statement—it is a reality. Thankfully, we have the world’s most talented, capable, and committed intelligence community to warn and defend us. From leaders like Director Clapper, who has served this Nation exceptionally for more than 5 decades, to those men and women just beginning their careers in intelligence; from case officers to analysts; support and logistics personnel to inspectors general; from acquisition professionals to lawyers; seismologists to cryptologists; from mathematicians to linguists; particle physicists to special forces; to all in the IC: You have our most sincere thanks and admiration. I again thank Chairman NUNES , for his leadership, his hard work, and his commitment to bipartisanship. To my majority and minority colleagues, I thank you for your unwavering commitment to conduct rigorous and continuous oversight of the IC that helps protect our country as well as our privacy and civil liberties. And I thank our excellent committee staff, including on the Democratic side, Carly Blake, Linda Cohen, Bob Minehart, Amanda Rogers Thorpe, Wells Bennett, Rheanne Wirkkala, Thomas Eager, as well as our shared staff, Kristin Jepson, Brandon Smith, and Kevin Klein. I also want to thank my staff director, Michael Bahar, deputy staff director, Tim Bergreen, and Patrick Boland. I urge my colleagues to support this critically important bipartisan bill, and I look forward to improving it further on its way to becoming law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I want to thank all of the members of our committee, and, again, thank the staff from both the minority and the majority side. As Mr. QUIGLEY said, it would not be possible if it wasn’t for the strong Member involvement and engagement that makes a bipartisan work product like this, gives it the ability to come to the House floor, and to be passed overwhelmingly on a bipartisan basis. So I want to thank all of the members on my committee from both sides for their active participation. As the ranking member said, we will continue to try to make this product better; we will work out our differences with the Senate; and hopefully by the end of the year, we will have a product that we can all be proud of. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5077, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1545 S.A.F.E. MORTGAGE LICENSING ACT OF 2008 AMENDMENT Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2121) to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2121 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO JOBS FOR LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
Section 1513 of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5112) is amended by striking ‘‘are loan originators or are applying for licensing or registration as loan originators’’ and inserting ‘‘are applying for licensing or registration using the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry’’. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) and the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2121, the S.A.F.E. Transitional Licensing Act of 2015, introduced by the gentleman from Ohio. (Mr. STIVERS ). H.R. 2121 would establish that a mortgage loan originator who is employed by a federally insured depository institution and who leaves to join a Statelicensed mortgage company would have temporary authority to originate mortgages. The bill stipulates that, in order to qualify for this transitional license, the individual must have filed an application with the State to be a licensed loan originator. More simply, this bill allows flexibility to workers who are looking to make a career change. This bill does not allow for unregulated, unlicensed mortgage originators to have a free pass. The S.A.F.E. Transitional Licensing Act makes clear that the temporary license—good for a maximum of 120 days—can apply only to a registered loan originator. Further, H.R. 2121 stipulates that the originator must be registered with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System, or NMLS, and be employed by a licensed and supervised mortgage lender, banker, or servicer. H.R. 2121 includes other safeguards that are important to point out. The bill makes clear that the temporary authority would automatically expire should the originator withdraw his or her application or if the State denies the application. This is a highly bipartisan bill that will ensure workers who originate mortgages at depository institutions are able to move to nondepository institutions with a minimal amount of work disruption. At the end of the day, this bill is about jobs. It is about streamlining the government processes to make sure that people can continue to put food on the table. Folks shouldn’t be prevented from working for months at a time simply because they want to change jobs or employers. Our regulatory structure should foster not only consumer protection, but job growth and efficient marketplaces. The current licensing requirements do the exact opposite. I thank the gentleman from Ohio for his hard work on this legislation. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense, employeefriendly bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2121, the S.A.F.E. Transitional Licensing Act of 2015. I am proud to serve as an original Democratic cosponsor of this commonsense, yet critically important, legislation. I also applaud my colleagues, led by Representative STIVERS , for working in a bipartisan way to draft this legislation that we are considering here today. Homeownership continues to be and remains a dream for millions of Americans across the country. This legislation is an important step towards helping to ensure that this dream becomes a reality. H.R. 2121 helps to facilitate a loan originator’s job mobility while ensuring that State regulators continue to have the ability to protect consumers and the marketplace. This legislation offers a narrowly tailored and pragmatic solution that provides a transitional authority to originate mortgages for individuals who move from a federally insured institution to a nonbank lender. During this transition, these individuals will also work to meet the S.A.F.E. Act’s licensing and testing requirements. Over the past several years, State regulators, key industry stakeholders, and Members of Congress have been engaged in an extensive dialogue on ways to eliminate job barriers for loan originators as well as to help to promote homeownership for qualified buyers. I am committed to continuing to ensure that our housing finance and mortgage system continues to deliver fair, sustainable, and responsible financing to meet the everchanging needs of homeownership. H.R. 2121 is truly a reflection of what can be achieved when we all work together towards a unified and shared goal. I urge my colleagues to support this critically important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 31⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ), a distinguished member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time, and I thank him for all of the work that he has done as the chair of the subcommittee. It is work that is making a difference as it allows people to get access to their own versions of the American Dream. This is a piece of that, as the Representative told you. I thank Representative SEWELL and Representative BEATTY for all of their hard work. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill. This is a commonsense bill. This is a jobs bill. This was a unanimous bill in the Financial Services Committee. It passed 56–0 on March 2, and I am so proud of that. The S.A.F.E. Act passed in 2008 as part of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act, and it created two different sets of requirements for qualifications on mortgage loan originators, depending on whether they worked for a Statelicensed nondepository or a federally regulated depository. The problem with that is it kept people captive working for the same kind of company that they worked for yesterday. If they try to change between the two, they don’t have a license and they can’t help people achieve their versions of the American Dream, of owning a home. This will allow people to be more mobile in moving between depository and nondepository institutions. It is a jobs issue for that very reason. It will help make sure that the workforce can go where the jobs are and that they can help people get loans to own a home. We all believe in homeownership, and this is a small way we can be for it today. Representatives SEWELL and B EATTY  worked very hard with me with industry stakeholders and with State regulators in getting the bill that we have today, which, as I said, passed unanimously out of the Financial Services Committee. H.R. 2121, as amended, would foster an efficient marketplace of competition between banks and nonbanks and allow mortgage loan originators to help all Americans achieve homeownership. It would provide them with a transitional authority if you move from a depository to a nondepository or the other way around. Under the proposal, an individual who is employed by a financial institution that has been a registered loan originator under the S.A.F.E. Act for the preceding 12 months can originate loans after submitting a background check and credit information to his 
State regulator until the application is either approved, denied, withdrawn, or even if it is just deemed incomplete. At that point, the transitional authority ceases, so he has to submit a full application. Once he does that, he gets a chance to continue to work under this transitional period. Again, this is a jobs issue. It will help people move between the two types of institutions, which most Americans don’t think about. They just want to make sure they get a mortgage. That is what we need to make sure we facilitate here with commonsense rules. Sadly, some States have had transitional license authority, but the CFPB does not allow them now to exercise that authority. That is why this bill is necessary. I am really glad that we can allow for that now to make sure that all Americans can get access to homeownership. I thank Representative SEWELL , Representative BEATTY , all of the members of the House Financial Services Committee, the gentleman from Missouri for his leadership, the gentleman from Texas—the chair of the full committee—for his leadership, and the ranking member of the committee, the gentlewoman from California. This is indeed a unanimous bill. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the sponsor of the bill, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS), as well as Ms. S EWELL and Mrs. BEATTY from the other side for their fine work and their support. I appreciate all of the work that was done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express support for the SAFE Transitional Licensing Act, H.R. 2121 introduced by my good friend from Ohio, Mr. STIVERS . This bipartisan bill provides much needed, commonsense regulatory relief for mortgage loan originators that levels the playing field, creates job mobility and allows independent mortgage lenders to recruit a talented workforce. The SAFE Transitional Licensing Act requires states to provide a temporary, transitional license for registered loan originators that move from a financial institution to a statelicensed nonbank originator or move interstate to a statelicensed loan originator. These individuals will be allowed to continue to work and originate loans in their new capacity for up to 120 days, while seeking the appropriate state licenses. This bill addresses the unintended consequences of some of the provisions in the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, which created difficulties when a mortgage loan officer decided to switch jobs from a bank to a non bank lender, or when a mortgage loan officer decided to move across state lines. Under current law, mortgage loan originators are required to wait until they receive their new licenses before they can originate loans. Often times, mortgage loan originators are forced to wait weeks, even months, before their new licenses are approved. This unfairly inhibits job mobility for mortgage loan originators and puts independent mortgage lenders at a disadvantage in recruiting talented staff. The SAFE Transitional Licensing Act amends the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act to give relief to loan officers, while also allowing state regulators the authority to continue to keep bad actors out of the industry and enforce applicable state laws. The State of Ohio was the first state to enact a transitional license for outofstate licensed mortgage loan originators. Now, it is time for Congress to follow Ohio’s lead and provide regulatory relief that levels the playing field, creates job mobility and allows independent mortgage lenders to recruit a talented workforce. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘Yes’’ for this commonsense piece of legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2121, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FOSTERING INNOVATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4139) to amend the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary exemption for lowrevenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4139 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) and the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
Green America, Greenlining Institute, Good Business International, Government Accountability Project, HNMA Funding Company, Home Actions, Housing Counseling Services, Home Defenders League, Information Press, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, Institute for Global Communications, Institute for Policy Studies: Global Economy Project, International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Institute of Women’s Policy Research, Krull & Company, Laborers’ International Union of North America, Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, Main Street Alliance, Move On, NAACP, NASCAT, National Association of Consumer Advocates, National Association of Neighborhoods, National Community Reinvestment Coalition, National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of its lowincome clients), National Consumers League, National Council of La Raza, National Council of Women’s Organizations, National Fair Housing Alliance, National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions, National Housing Resource Center, National Housing Trust, National Housing Trust Community Development Fund, National NeighborWorks Association, National Nurses United, National People’s Action, National Urban League, Next Step, OpenTheGovemment.org, Opportunity Finance Network, Partners for the Common Good, PICO National Network, Progress Now Action, Progressive States Network. Poverty and Race Research Action Council, Public Citizen, Sargent Shriver Center on Poverty Law, SEIU, State Voices, Taxpayer’s for Common Sense, The Association for Housing and Neighborhood Development, The Fuel Savers Club, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, The Seminal, TICAS, U.S. Public Interest Research Group, UNITE HERE, United Food and Commercial Workers, United States Student Association, USAction, Veris Wealth Partners, Western States Center, We the People Now, Woodstock Institute, World Privacy Forum, UNET, Union Plus, Unitarian Universalist for a Just Economic Community. 
LIST OF STATE AND LOCAL PARTNERS  Alaska PIRG, Arizona PIRG, Arizona Advocacy Network, Arizonans For Responsible Lending, Association for Neighborhood and Housing Development, NY, Audubon Partnership for Economic Development LDC, New York, NY, BAC Funding Consortium Inc., Miami, FL, Beech Capital Venture Corporation, Philadelphia, PA, California PIRG, California Reinvestment Coalition, Century Housing Corporation, Culver City, CA, CHANGER, NY, Chautauqua Home Rehabilitation and Improvement Corporation (NY), Chicago Community Loan Fund, Chicago, IL, Chicago Community Ventures, Chicago, IL, Chicago Consumer Coalition, Citizen Potawatomi CDC, Shawnee, OK. Colorado PIRG, Coalition on Homeless Housing in Ohio, Community Capital Fund, Bridgeport, CT, Community Capital of Maryland, Baltimore, MD, Community Development Financial Institution of the Tohono O’odham Nation, Sells, AZ, Community Redevelopment Loan and Investment Fund, Atlanta, GA, Community Reinvestment Association of North Carolina, Community Resource Group, Fayetteville A, Connecticut PIRG, Consumer Assistance Council, Cooper Square Committee (NYC), Cooperative Fund of New England, Wilmington, NC, Corporacion de Desarrollo Economico de Ceiba, Ceiba, PR, Delta Foundation, Inc., Greenville, MS, Economic Opportunity Fund (EOF), Philadelphia, PA, Empire Justice Center, NY, Empowering and Strengthening Ohio’s People (ESOP), Cleveland. OH, Enterprises, Inc., Berea, KY, Fair Housing Contact Service, OH, Federation of Appalachian Housing, Fitness and Praise Youth Development, Inc., Baton Rouge, LA, Florida Consumer Action Network, Florida PIRG, Funding Partners for Housing Solutions, Ft. Collins, CO, Georgia PIRG, Grow Iowa Foundation, Greenfield, IA, Homewise, Inc., Santa Fe, NM, Idaho Nevada CDFI, Pocatello, ID, Idaho Chapter, National Association of Social Workers, Illinois PIRG, Impact Capital, Seattle, WA, Indiana PIRG, Iowa PIRG, Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement, JobStart Chautauqua, Inc., Mayville, NY, La Casa Federal Credit Union, Newark, NJ, Low Income Investment Fund, San Francisco, CA, Long Island Housing Services, NY, MaineStream Finance, Bangor, ME, Maryland PIRG, Massachusetts Consumers’ Coalition, MASSPIRG, Massachusetts Fair Housing Center, Michigan PIRG. Midland Community Development Corporation, Midland, TX, Midwest Minnesota Community Development Corporation, Detroit Lakes, MN, Mile High Community Loan Fund, Denver, CO, Missouri PIRG, Mortgage Recovery Service Center of L.A., Montana Community Development Corporation, Missoula, MT, Montana PIRG, New Economy Project, New Hampshire PIRG, New Jersey Community Capital, Trenton, NJ, New Jersey Citizen Action, New Jersey PIRG New Mexico PIRG, New York PIRG, New York City Aids Housing Network, New Yorkers for Responsible Lending, NOAH Community Development Fund, Inc., Boston, MA, Nonprofit Finance Fund, New York, NY, Nonprofits Assistance Fund, Minneapolis, MN, North Carolina PIRG, Northside Community Development Fund, Pittsburgh, PA, Ohio Capital Corporation for Housing, Columbus, OH, Ohio PIRG, OligarchyUSA Oregon State PIRG, Our Oregon. PennPIRG, Piedmont Housing Alliance, Charlottesville VA, Michigan PIRG, Rocky Mountain Peace and Justice Center, CO, Rhode Island PIRG, Rural Community Assistance Corporation, West Sacramento, CA, Rural Organizing Project, OR, San Francisco Municipal Transportation Authority, Seattle Economic Development Fund, Community Capital Development, TexPIRG, The Fair Housing Council of Central New York, The Loan Fund, Albuquerque, NM, Third Reconstruction Institute, NC, Vermont PIRG, Village Capital Corporation, Cleveland, OH, Virginia Citizens Consumer Council, Virginia Poverty Law Center, War on Poverty—Florida, WashP1RG, Westchester Residential Opportunities Inc., Wigamig Owners Loan Fund, Inc., Lac du Flambeau, WI, WISPIRG. 
SMALL BUSINESSES  Blu, BowdenGill Environmental, Community MedPAC, Diversified Environmental Planning, Hayden & Craig, PLLC, Mid City Animal Hospital, Phoenix, AZ, UNET. 
LOREN R. KAUFMAN VA CLINIC Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1762) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community based outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman Memorial Veterans’ Clinic’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1762 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITYBASED OUTPATIENT CLINIC, THE DALLES, OREGON. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic located at 704 Veterans Drive, The Dalles, Oregon, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’’. Any reference to such communitybased outpatient clinic in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1762, as amended. This legislation was sponsored by my good friend and colleague, Congressman GREGWALDEN of Oregon. It would designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic at The Dalles, Oregon, the Loren R. Kaufman Memorial Veterans’ Clinic. Born and raised in The Dalles, Oregon, Sergeant First Class Loren Kaufman answered the call to serve by enlisting in the United States Army just 1 week after the attack on Pearl Harbor. He went on to serve in combat in both World War II and in Korea, until his death in action on the 10th of February 1951. Following his death, Sergeant First Class Kaufman was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in Korea in September of 1950, when his company was attacked by an enemy battalion and his platoon was ordered to reinforce the company. According to the U.S. Army Center of Military History, during the battle that followed, the ‘‘dauntless courage and resolute intrepid leadership of Sergeant First Class Kaufman were directly responsible for the success of his company in regaining its positions, reflecting distinct credit upon himself and upholding the esteemed traditions of the military service.’’ In recognition of that, it is entirely fitting and appropriate that Sergeant First Class Kaufman’s life and service be memorialized by naming the VA communitybased outpatient clinic in his hometown after him. H.R. 1762, as amended, satisfies the committee’s naming criteria. It is supported by the Oregon congressional delegation. It is supported by many veterans service organizations, including the American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the Vietnam Veterans of America, and the Military Order of the Purple Heart. I understand that this bill is also supported by the Oregon County Veterans Service Officers Association and the American Red Cross. I am grateful to Congressman WALDEN for cosponsoring H.R. 1762, as amended, to recognize a true American hero. I would urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I support H.R. 1762, as amended, which names the new veterans clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, in honor of Loren R. Kaufman, a soldier in the United States Army during World War II and the Korean war. Sergeant First Class Kaufman joined the Army the week after the attack on 
Pearl Harbor and served in North Africa and Europe during World War II. Later, during the Korean war, he earned the Medal of Honor for his quick counterattack on enemy combatants, which so surprised the enemy that they retreated in confusion. At the age of 28 years old, while serving in Company G, 9th Infantry Regiment, the 2nd Infantry Division, Sergeant Kaufman was killed in action. As stated in the citation for his Medal of Honor award, the leadership of Sergeant Kaufman was ‘‘directly responsible for the success of his company in regaining its positions, reflecting distinct credit upon himself and upholding the esteemed traditions of the military service.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Second District of Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. He has done such an incredible job leading that committee and trying to make sure our veterans get both the recognition and the care that they have earned and so deserve. I thank the ranking member for her support of this very timely and important piece of legislation to name the VA clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, after Loren R. Kaufman. This is actually a photo of Mr. Kaufman. Sergeant First Class Kaufman was a true American hero, as my colleagues have said. He was born and raised in The Dalles. Sergeant Kaufman served in the Army during World War II, and he also served in the Korean war. While in Korea, Sergeant Kaufman’s company was attacked by the enemy. His platoon was 2 miles away, protecting the battalion flank, and was ordered to come and reinforce the company. b1615 On their way to their new location, they came under fire. Selflessly, Sergeant Kaufman ran forward, engaged the enemy, and forced them to retreat in confusion. Once Sergeant Kaufman’s platoon rejoined their company, they found the enemy had taken commanding ground and pinned the company down in a draw. Without hesitation, Sergeant Kaufman again charged the enemy lines, firing his rifle, throwing grenades, using his bayonet, and seizing an unmanned machine gun. Because of his fast thinking and fearlessness, the enemy fled and the company regained their position. It was for these actions and conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call that Sergeant Kaufman was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Harry S. Truman. In his citation it was written, ‘‘The dauntless courage and resolute intrepid leadership of Sergeant First Class Kaufman were directly responsible for the success of his company in regaining its positions, reflecting distinct credit upon himself and upholding the esteemed traditions of the military service.’’ Tragically, though, Sergeant Kaufman received this incredible honor posthumously. He was killed in action on February 10, 1951, and was laid to rest in Willamette National Cemetery, Portland, Oregon. I strongly agreed with our local veterans and public officials that the community should honor this native son’s heroism by renaming the local VA clinic in his honor. I want to thank the Veterans Ad Hoc Committee, Les Cochenour, the Mid Columbia Veterans Memorial Committee, and the Wasco County Commission for their efforts to support renaming this clinic. I also want to thank the entire Oregon congressional delegation and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for their support. Finally, I would like to offer a special thanks to Loren Kaufman’s family from The Dalles, his cousin Gerald, Gerald’s wife Marilyn, and their daughter Sharon. I am proud to help honor Loren Kaufman by working to rename this clinic in his honor so he can be a continuing inspiration for the community and the country. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1762, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I again urge all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1762, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community based outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DANIEL L. KINNARD VA CLINIC Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 960) to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 960 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon in support of H.R. 960, as amended, which would name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. Specialist Fourth Class Daniel L. Kinnard was born in October of 1949 in 
Mount Olive, Ohio. During the Vietnam war, Specialist Kinnard served with distinction in the 101st Airborne, the famed Screaming Eagles. On March 9, 1968, he was tragically killed in action while rendering aid to his fellow paratroopers. During the course of his service, Specialist Kinnard was awarded the Purple Heart, the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, the Parachutist Badge, the Sharpshooter Badge with Rifle Bar, the Bronze Star for Valor, the Good Conduct Medal, and the Combat Medical Badge. Given his valiant service and his ultimate sacrifice, it is only appropriate that we gather here today to recognize him by naming the VA community based outpatient clinic in Ohio, his home State, after him. H.R. 960, as amended, satisfies our committee’s criteria for naming bills and is supported by the Ohio congressional delegation and a number of veterans service organizations, including the AMVETS, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Disabled American Veterans, and the Military Order of Purple Heart. I am grateful to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ), my good friend, for sponsoring this legislation. I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 960, as amended, to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic. Specialist Kinnard served in the Alpha Company, 1st Battalion, 502nd Infantry, the 101st Airborne Division, better known as the Screaming Eagles. As a Vietnam medic, he was awarded the Bronze Star for Valor in 1968 for dodging enemy bullets to reach two wounded men and providing first aid while remaining exposed to enemy fire. Specialist Kinnard died at the age of 18 in March 1968 while providing care to fellow paratroopers. In addition to the Bronze Star, he was awarded numerous other medals. Specialist Kinnard made the ultimate sacrifice while serving his country in the Vietnam war. We are grateful to Specialist Kinnard for acting with courage and dignity in looking after his brothers in combat. I am pleased to support H.R. 960, as amended, in his memory today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Galena, Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman MILLER and his committee members for supporting my bill, H.R. 960, to designate the VA communitybased outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. Born in Knox County and a resident of Newark, Specialist Daniel Kinnard served bravely as a medic in the 101st Army Airborne Division, the famed Screaming Eagles, during the Vietnam war. On February 17, 1968, he rushed through hostile enemy fire to treat and rescue wounded soldiers. For his bravery, as was mentioned, and his heroism on that day, he was awarded the Bronze Star for Valor. Twentyone short days later, Specialist Kinnard was killed in action rendering aid to his fellow paratroopers. He was just 18 years old. Mr. Speaker, next Monday is Memorial Day, a time we pause to honor those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our great Nation. Today I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 960 to honor Specialist Kinnard and those who served courageously beside him and rename this clinic in the 12th District Ohio town of Newark, Ohio. I appreciate the leadership of our chairman and the committee’s work on this. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to thank all of our Vietnam veterans. When they came home from the war, we did not properly recognize them, as we should have, as a Nation. I want to say that we are very grateful for their service and their sacrifice. When we hear that 22 veterans a day commit suicide, only three of five of them are involved in the VA, and many of them are Vietnam veterans. At this time, I think that we all should soldier up, reach out to those Vietnam veterans, let them know that we appreciate their service, and recommend that they get involved in the VA. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 960, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I associate myself with the remarks of the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ), my colleague, the ranking member. I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 960, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IMPROVING ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2460) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2460 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PROVISION OF ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do rise today in support of H.R. 2460. The bill is sponsored by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, and the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs. I am grateful to him for sponsoring this piece of legislation. This bill actually directs the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement or a contract with State 
veterans homes to pay for adult day health care for a veteran eligible for, but not receiving, nursing home care. It would also stipulate that payment under each agreement or contract between the VA and a State home cover the cost of adult day care for eligible veterans at a rate equal to 65 percent of the payment that the VA would otherwise pay to the State home if the veteran were receiving nursing home care. Adult day health care programs provide veterans in need of skilled services, case management, or assistance with activities of daily living with valuable social activities, peer support, medical monitoring, companionship, and recreation during the day and provide caregivers with needed respite. However, according to the National Association of State Veterans Homes, veterans face barriers accessing adult health care programs each day due to costs. This bill would help address those cost concerns and increase the degree of access for veterans who are eligible for VApaid nursing home care due to their 70 percent or higher serviceconnected rating. As the veteran population ages, Mr. Speaker, it is increasingly important that the VA provide a wide variety of geriatric and longterm care services and supports, and adult day health care programs can serve as an important component of that. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. According to the VA, adult day health care is a program which veterans can go to during the day for social activities, peer support, companionship, and recreation. The program is for veterans who need skilled services, case management, and help with activities of daily living. Examples include helping with bathing, dressing, fixing meals, or taking medication. This program is also for veterans who are isolated or their caregiver is experiencing burdens. Adult day health care can be used in combination with other home and communitybased services. Health services such as care from nurses, therapists, social workers, and others may also be available. Adult day health care can provide respite care for a family caregiver and also help veterans and their caregivers gain skills to manage the veteran’s care at home. This legislation would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into agreement with State veterans homes to provide adult health care for a veteran who is eligible for but does not receive nursing home care. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from the First District of New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. b1630 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 2460, which would expand disabled veterans’ access to adult day health care, a daily program for disabled veterans who need extra assistance and special attention in their daytoday lives. Those veterans who are 70 percent or more disabled from a serviceconnected injury often require significant assistance from others in order to carry out basic everyday tasks. Despite various care options for veterans, their choices are often limited and can come at a great expense. One such program that is currently available is adult day health care. This program provides disabled veterans and their families with a highquality alternative to nursing home care, providing quality outpatient services for those suffering from debilitating illnesses or disabilities. These programs provide a range of services from daily activities such as bathing to full medical services like physical therapy. The focus of the program is on improving disabled veterans’ quality of life through an individualized plan specific to their needs while still allowing them to maintain their independence. Adult day health care programs don’t only benefit the veteran, they also benefit the family members and caregivers as well. This model allows caregivers to tend to their daytoday activities without worrying about the wellbeing of their spouse, child, or friend, allowing the veteran to lead a much more fulfilling life, while keeping families together and strong. Adult day health care, however, is only currently offered at three facilities in the entire country. My district is fortunate to have one of these facilities, the Long Island State Veterans Home in Stony Brook, New York, but this program could easily be offered at any of the 153 State veterans homes across the country. Since the Department of Veterans Affairs does not currently cover the cost of participation in this program, the expense must be paid out of pocket by the veteran and their family, which significantly limits the number of veterans who can enroll. My bill, H.R. 2460, would ensure that 70 percent or more serviceconnected disabled veterans are able to receive adult day health care at no cost to the veteran and their family by defining the program as a reimbursable treatment option through the VA. This would expand this great option of care for our veterans. Currently, 52 Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber have signed on as cosponsors of this bill. I would like to thank the chairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, JEFF MILLER , for his leadership as chairman of the committee and for recognizing the urgency in passing this bill. Myself, the committee, many Members of this Congress, his constituents, and this country will miss him following his service this year. I would also like to thank House Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY for having this bill placed on the calendar for today. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2460. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, ask all my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2460. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FINAL FAREWELL ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3715) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to permit interments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of deceased veterans at national cemeteries and State cemeteries receiving grants from the Department of Veterans Affairs during certain weekends if requested for religious reasons, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3715 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Final Farewell Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3715, as amended, the Final Farewell Act of 2016. We know that it can sometimes be a challenge to take time away from work to attend a funeral or a memorial service for a loved one. This bill, which is sponsored by the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Congresswoman CORRINE BROWN of Florida, would lessen that challenge for those arranging to attend the funeral service of a veteran buried in a national cemetery. This bill would require VA, upon the request of the family of the deceased, to permit weekend funerals and memorial services. In doing so, this bill would allow more family members and friends to pay final respects to their loved ones as they are laid to rest. Our veterans—the men and women who sacrificed so much for us—have earned the right to be treated with honor and respect after they pass on. Although I support this bill, I understand that some of the State Directors of Veterans Affairs have raised concerns with the restriction it contains on grants to State and tribal cemeteries who receive Federal grants. I look forward to working with the ranking member to address these concerns during the upcoming negotiations with the Senate. I want to thank Ms. BROWN once again for sponsoring this legislation and bringing this very important issue to our attention. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3715, as amended, the Final Farewell Act. This bill is of great importance to many families who traditionally hold funerals on weekends. While the VA has the authority to provide weekend services to veterans and their families, they rarely do. This has been a particular challenge for various religions and cultures who bury their loved ones on Saturday. Furthermore, these families are forced to bear the cost of storing their loved one’s remains over the weekend. However, this bill, as amended, makes weekend burials available to all veterans, regardless of their reasoning and need for a weekend burial. This benefit for our veterans is to honor their service to our country. Their loved ones should have the opportunity to mourn their loss at a time that works for them. I thank all Members for their consideration and support for this commonsense change. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman MILLER for his support of this important legislation, and I urge passage of this very important bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3715, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to permit interments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of deceased veterans at national cemeteries and State cemeteries receiving grants from the Department of Veterans Affairs during certain weekends.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUPPORT OUR MILITARY CAREGIVERS ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3989) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the process for determining the eligibility of caregivers of veterans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3989 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Support Our Military Caregivers Act’’. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3989, as amended, Support Our Military Caregivers Act. Congress created the Family Caregivers Program in 2010 to support those family members and friends who put their own lives and careers on hold to care for those veterans who have been gravely wounded in service to our Nation following September 11, 2001. At the time, VA expected 3,000 family caregivers would apply for the program. However, in fiscal year 2015 alone, more than 24,000 caregivers participated in and received at least one stipend payment through the program. Unsurprisingly, in 2014, the GAO found that staffing for the Family Caregivers Program was insufficient to meet higherthanexpected demand, and staffing shortages impeded the timeliness of the program and negatively impacted services to veterans and caregivers. This is unacceptable. H.R. 3989, as amended, would provide a safety valve for understaffed VA caregiver support coordinators by allowing veterans and caregivers to elect to have an independent entity provide a clinical review of eligibility for the Family Caregivers Program in certain instances. VA would be required to take the external clinical review into account and to provide clinical justification if VA’s ultimate decision is contrary to the findings contained in the external clinical review. To increase transparency and ensure the program is functioning as Congress intended, it would also require VA to issue directives outlining the policies, procedures, and operational requirements for the Family Caregivers Program and would require GAO to report to Congress on VA’s processes for determining eligibility for the Family Caregivers Program, adjudicating appeals for the Family Caregivers Program, and periodically reevaluating eligibility for program participants and communicating any changes that result from such reevaluation to the veteran or caregiver in question. Finally, the bill would also limit the amount of taxpayer dollars that VA can spend on awards and bonuses to VA employees. H.R. 3989, as amended, is sponsored by Congresswoman ELISE STEFANIK of New York, and I thank her for her hard work and advocacy in introducing this bill on behalf of our veterans and caregivers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3989, as amended. I know firsthand how difficult it is to deal with the illness of a loved one. I was blessed with the continued vibrant presence of Big Mama, my grandmother, until just a few years ago. My mother is with me now in Florida. I want to say that the work of a caregiver is God’s work. I cannot think of anything more rewarding, pleasing, tiring, exhausting or mentally draining than taking care of a family member. I was pleased to support the Caregiver Assistance and Resource Enhancement Act in the 111th Congress. President Obama signed into law the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act on May 5, 2010. The law requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish caregiver support services to veterans. Family caregivers are the foundation of the longterm care system, with more than 50 million people who provide informal caregiving for a chronically ill, disabled, or aging family member or friend in any given year in the United States. In fact, it is estimated that about 80 percent of adults living in the community and in need of longterm care depend on family caregivers, therefore, costly institutional nursing home care. The one issue I have with the legislation is that the bill asks the VA to report on expanding the caregiver program. We all know about the program. It works. Why have another report when we should just expand the program? Let me repeat that. We already know that the program works. We don’t need another report. What we need is to just expand the program. I would ask that the Speaker allow us to bring up H.R. 2894, the Caregivers Access and Responsible Expansion for All Veterans Act. 
b1645 This bill expands the caregivers programs to veterans of all eras. The caregivers program works, and we need to expand the program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the 21st District of New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), the sponsor of this important piece of legislation. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding H.R. 3989, the Support Our Military Caregivers Act. After working with a constituent who was having trouble with the bureaucratic Military Caregiver system at the VA, I was proud to introduce this legislation last November. Military caregivers are loved ones who selflessly care for our Nation’s heroes behind the scenes to enhance their everyday lives. Thankfully, the Family Caregiver Program, implemented in 2011, was designed to ensure caregivers were not forgotten. My bill would guarantee that those who dedicate their lives as caregivers receive the support they so desperately need and they so desperately deserve. My district has the largest veteran population of any district in New York State. This has provided me with a greater understanding of the selfless sacrifice our veterans and their families provide to our community and our Nation. Over the last 15 years of war, our servicemembers have served bravely and their families have sacrificed an immeasurable amount. So it is vital that we ensure they receive the best possible care available. Unfortunately, the VA has had a difficult time managing the high demand of Family Caregiver enrollees, which is much larger than originally accounted for. VA medical centers lack sufficient caregiver support coordinators and the necessary clinical staff to carry out medical assessments for eligibility. Application deadlines are not being met by their own internal standards, and the staff is still shorthanded. This bill would ensure that military caregivers have access to an objective third party to conduct clinical reviews in the event of an appeal. It also ensures that the process is transparent so that our veterans and caregivers are never left with an unanswered question. Military caregivers are truly silent heroes in our communities and deserve the respect and benefits proportionate to their significant contributions. Mr. Speaker, I am truly humbled to represent the veterans in my district and will continue to work to improve their lives. I want to thank Chairman BENISHEK  of the Veterans’ Affairs Health Subcommittee for working with me on this legislation as well as Chairman MILLER  and Ranking Member BROWN for their leadership and bipartisan support of this bill. I urge all my colleagues to support this important bill to improve the lives of our veterans and their caregivers. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 3989, as amended, a bill that is designated to create a process for external clinical review of the VA caregivers program. I am hoping that the chairman, as we move forward, will work with the Senate and try to come up with a way that we can at least have a pilot program to expand the caregivers program. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have one remaining speaker. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of IOWA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Support Our Military Caregivers Act, of which I am a proud cosponsor. Congress established the Family Caregiver Program to assist military caregivers and, yet, many face delays in getting the support they need to effectively care for our wounded veteran heroes. The Support Our Military Caregivers Act would streamline the process, allowing the Department of Veterans Affairs to contract with a third party to reduce the claims backlog. Rather than leave care to strangers, some family members choose to quit their job and make other significant life changes to care for their loved ones. We need to do more to support them. More and more of our veterans are returning from war with battle scars or invisible wounds of war. I often meet with Iowa veterans who have been wounded while serving our country. We have all met with them. These brave servicemembers deserve the best care and assistance we can give. I am proud to support this bill to support our wounded veterans and their dedicated caregivers. I urge my colleagues to join me in passing this bipartisan, important bill. I want to thank my colleague, Ms. STEFANIK , for her bipartisan leadership on this bill. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. So I would urge my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WESTERMAN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3989, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the process for determining the eligibility of caregivers of veterans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
IMPROVING TRANSITION PROGRAMS FOR ALL VETERANS ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5229) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effectiveness of programs, especially in regards to women veterans and minority veterans, in transitioning to civilian life, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5229 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5229, as amended, the Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act. The transition from military life to civilian life is not always a smooth one. The Transition Assistance Program that is run by the Departments of Veterans Affairs, Defense, and Labor does a pretty good job alleviating some of the stress that can occur before a servicemember leaves the military, and it is a good opportunity to inform outgoing servicemembers of what benefits they may be entitled to from Veterans Affairs and how to prepare for civilian life. Although TAP continues to improve, it still is a struggle to fully prepare servicemembers for this short 5day period, let alone address the specific needs each individual has in each program. The bill before us today would be a first step in examining how TAP can further be improved to address the specific needs of minority veterans, women veterans, disabled veterans, Native American veterans, and veterans from U.S. territories. It is important that, as a Nation, we prepare our men and women of all backgrounds for life after uniform, and the study required by this bill will give the VA, DOD, and Department of Labor the ability to review TAP and to better understand how it can be improved to ensure that we properly transition all servicemembers and address their specific needs as they prepare for life after the military. I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ), and the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Ms. Radewagen) for their work on this legislation. It does have my full support. I would urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5229, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of Mr. TAKANO ’s bill, H.R. 5229, as amended, the bipartisan Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act. Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicates that veteran unemployment is at a 7year low. As of April 2016, veterans faced an overall unemployment rate of 3.9 percent, which is better than the Nation’s unemployment rate of 4.5 percent. This is excellent news. I am proud that the numbers have improved under the leadership of our committee, the administration, and the Secretary of the VA; yet the overall unemployment rate for all veterans does not tell the whole story. Some subgroups of veterans are still struggling to find fulfilling careers that pay them well and provide an opportunity for growth. According to the Advisory Committee on Veterans’ Employment, Training, and Employer Outreach at the Department of Labor, certain veteran populations face challenges and aspire to career paths that differ from the broader population of transitioning servicemembers. To ensure that we as policymakers are ahead of developing trends regarding the unique needs of these subgroups of transitioning veterans, this bill will determine the degree to which their needs are different and look for innovative approaches toward meeting their unique challenges. H.R. 5229 requires the VA to initiate a research program, in collaboration with DOL and DOD, to better understand if and how current veterans transition programs address what may be differentiated needs, challenges, and postservice aspirations of women veterans, veterans with disabilities, Native American veterans who are veterans from the U.S. territories, and other subgroups that the Secretary identifies. When we, as a Nation, sent individual members of the Armed Forces to war, Congress promised to support all servicemembers when they made the transition back into civilian life. The makeup of our modern military forces is changing, and in a few short years there will be a substantially greater percentage of female veterans than there are now. Thanks to modernday medicine, more veterans survive injuries to return to productive life, even with serviceconnected disabilities. But women veterans face a higher unemployment rate than their male counterparts, and veterans with high disability rates have an unemployment rate much higher than those of veterans with low disability ratings. What is more, Native American veterans earn the lowest median personal income and are less likely to have finished an advanced degree than other veterans. There is much more we don’t know about how these trends impact veterans from the U.S. territories. As policymakers, we must first understand the different needs of these groups of veterans and then be ready to adapt VA policies and programs to help all veterans access the resources they need to be successful. This bill will enable us to do that. I want to thank the leadership on this important issue and my colleague from across the aisle for being an original cosponsor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any speakers on this. So I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has 16
1⁄2minutes remaining. minutes remaining. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for yielding. I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 5212, as amended. Mr. Speaker, the initial transition from military to civilian life is often the most difficult time for returning veterans. The Federal Transition Assistance Program, otherwise known as TAP, is designed to ease that shift by teaching veterans about their benefits and preparing them to enter the workforce, attend school, or both. As the ranking member noted, the program has largely been successful. Veteran unemployment is at a 7year low. However, supporting transitioning veterans requires more than a onesize fitsall program. There are more than 135,000 former servicemembers in my district, and just one approach cannot meet the needs of every individual. 
Certain veteran communities are still being left behind. Women veterans, Native American veterans, veterans from the U.S. territories, and veterans with disabilities face challenges and aspire to jobs that differ from the broader population of returning servicemembers. We cannot be satisfied with a program that allows large groups of veterans to slip through the cracks. The Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act is a bipartisan bill that requires the VA to launch a research program examining if and how the current program meets the needs of minority veterans groups. In collaboration with the Departments of Labor and Defense, the bill would require the VA to recommend changes to TAP that would address barriers and better serve these veterans in their pursuit of meaningful employment following their military service. More than ever before, our military reflects America’s diverse mix of people and cultures. Each of these transitioning servicemembers, regardless of gender, race, or disability, has made the same commitment to defending this Nation. b1700 All of them deserve our full support when they return home. I am proud to have introduced this bill with the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ). I want to thank Mr. WENSTRUP , chair of the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee, and Chairman MILLER for their support in moving this forward. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to promptly pass this legislation. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ). Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to discuss bipartisan efforts to improve the work our Nation does to care for our veterans. Next week we will be honoring those who gave their lives for this country on Memorial Day. We will commemorate the lives and the sacrifices of those who died while wearing the uniform of the United States of America. We will rightly recognize their courage and commitment, but we must also ensure we continue to recognize the same courage and dedication found in our veterans and ActiveDuty personnel and the challenges that many of them face as they transition into civilian life. The Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act will allow Congress, the VA, and the Departments of Labor and Defense to better understand these challenges. The study created by this bill will allow us to understand what is working, what is not working, and how veterans can best be placed in a position to succeed once they transition to civilian life. It will allow us to better understand the challenges, the unique challenges, faced by the growing number of female veterans in our population, a group that generally has a higher unemployment rate and lower postmilitary salaries than their male counterparts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill so that we can more effectively allocate resources dedicated to assisting veterans in their transition out of uniform and support several other great veterans bills on the floor today that would assist veteran caregivers and ensure that the VA develops plans to hire permanent medical center directors. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the bipartisan committee for coming up with this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5229), as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VA HEALTH CENTER MANAGEMENT STABILITY AND IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3956) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop and implement a plan to hire directors of the medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3956 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3956, as amended, the VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act. H.R. 3956, as amended, is sponsored by my good friend, colleague, and fellow committee member, Congressman BOSTof Illinois. H.R. 3956, as amended, also contains provisions from H.R. 4977, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act, which is sponsored by Congresswoman JACKIE  WALORSKI from Indiana, who is also an active Veterans’ Affairs Committee member. There has been a tremendous amount of turnover among the Department of Veterans Affairs medical center leaders in the last few years. According to the Deputy Secretary of VA Sloan Gibson, over half of Veterans Health Administration senior leader positions turned over from October 2013 to October 2015. Without consistent, highquality leadership in VA medical centers, our veterans aren’t being served as well as they could be or they should be. H.R. 3956, as amended, would direct VA to develop and implement a plan to hire a director for each VA medical center without a permanent director and prioritize hiring at VA medical centers that have not had a permanent director for the longest periods of time. Once stable leadership is in place, we need to ensure that they are held accountable. One of the contributing factors behind the access to care crisis that plagued the VA healthcare system in 2014 was the failure of VA medical centers to comply with VA scheduling policies. To avoid that in the future, H.R. 3956, as amended, would require VA to ensure that directives and policies apply uniformly across the entire department and require VA medical center directors to annually certify compliance with the scheduling directive or any successor directive that replaces it. If a facility fails to comply, leaders at that facility would be prohibited from receiving a bonus. I am grateful to both Congressman BOSTand Congresswoman W ALORSKI for their efforts on this legislation on behalf of our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 3956, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3956, as amended. This bill finds that multiple VA centers are managed by acting or temporary directors— some of these centers have lacked a permanent director for a long time; there are time limits as to how long a Senior Executive Service employee can be placed in a temporary position— that there is frequent turnover of medical center directors, impeding the medical center’s ability to engage in longterm planning and other necessary functions; and that the VA should develop a comprehensive plan to recruit permanent directors at each medical center that lacks a permanent director. This bill requires the VA to come up with a plan to fill all of the positions that are not currently held by a permanent director. They then will report back to Congress on their progress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the 12th District of Illinois (Mr. BOST), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, as a marine and the father of a marine, I understand it takes leadership to win a battle. However, at VA medical centers across this country, we have seen a revolving door of temporary directors that has made it difficult to implement the longterm reforms our heroes deserve. This first came to my attention in my own backyard. Many southern Illinois veterans receive treatment at the VA Medical Center in St. Louis. This facility has struggled to find a permanent director since July 14, 2013. That is 34 months ago. It is a similar story at roughly three dozen other VA hospitals nationwide. Part of the problem is rooted in the fact that the Office of Personnel Management only allows temporary directors to serve a term of 120 to 240 days. How are we ever going to clean up the VA if no one is around long enough to do it? That is why I introduced H.R. 3956, the VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act. My bipartisan legislation, introduced with Congressman COSTA , will help close the revolving door at the VA clinics. It requires the VA to report to Congress on any unfilled vacancies and identify roadblocks that may have led to the problem to begin with. It requires the VA to develop a plan of action for hiring highly qualified and permanent directors for each and every opening. It tells the VA to access opportunities for promoting and training highperforming candidates from within the organization. The status quo is unacceptable, as it determines the quality, consistency, and speed of care that our veterans receive. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join The American Legion, AMVETS, Disabled Veterans of America, and other service organizations by supporting this legislation. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 3956, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Second District of Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). Mrs. WALORSKI. I thank the chairman for all his hard work on many VA issues in reference to veterans. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3956, the VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act. This legislation includes my bill, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act, which locks in a crucial measure of oversight over VA scheduling practices. Hearings held by the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and investigations by the VA inspector general and the GAO have, unfortunately, substantiated many of the allegations of manipulated schedules and falsified wait time data at VA facilities across the country. 
VA Directive 2010–027 contains the VA’s policy for appointment scheduling processes and procedures. It contains a checklist with 19 different items, such as ensuring that a patient’s desired appointment date is not altered and that the staff have appropriate training. Importantly, the directive requires each facility to annually certify its full compliance with all 19 items. However, an August 2014 VA Office of Inspector General report uncovered that in May of 2013, a senior VA official waived the certification requirement for FY 2013. This essentially put facilities on the honor system by allowing them to only selfcertify. Without this crucial accountability mechanism, bad actors were given free rein to manipulate the wait time data and allow compliance with scheduling practices to deteriorate. Meanwhile, veterans died waiting for appointments while others faced delays in getting the critical care they needed. I am glad that the VA has reinstated the certification requirement, but I am concerned there is nothing stopping them from waiving it again. H.R. 3956, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act, requires each facility director to annually certify compliance with the scheduling directive, or any successive directive that replaces it, and, most importantly, prohibits any future waivers. In addition, it prohibits the VA from giving bonuses to directors if their facility fails to certify compliance, and it requires the VA to report to Congress a list of facilities not in compliance. This will provide more oversight of the VA, ensure Congress is aware on noncompliant facilities, and end the reckless practice of selfcertification. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill and the underlying legislation. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3956, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop and implement a plan to hire directors of the medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1715 SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM ‘‘KELLY’’ LACEY POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4987) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4987 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM ‘‘KELLY’’ LACEY POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 4987, introduced by Congressman JEFFMILLERof Florida. H.R. 4987 designates the post office located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey Post Office. Sergeant Kelly Lacey enlisted in the Army on October 16, 2002, and he served with dedication for nearly 12 years. Sergeant Lacey was on a tour of duty in Afghanistan when he was killed in action on January 4, 2014. During his time in the Army, Sergeant Lacey earned more than 30 military awards and decorations, including a Bronze Star with Valor and two more Bronze Star Medals. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Lacey exemplified leadership throughout his career. Just months before his death, he fulfilled one of his lifelong dreams by reaching the rank of E–7, the same rank that his father achieved in his service. I urge all Members to honor Lacey’s great sacrifice by naming a post office in his honor. I will soon yield to the bill’s sponsor, and my friend, Congressman JEFF MILLER , to tell us more about Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4987, a bill to designate the facility in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey Post Office. Sergeant First Class Lacey is remembered as a wonderful family man by those he leaves behind, particularly his wife, Ashley, daughter, Lily, three stepdaughters, and parents. Sergeant First Class Kelly’s military honor includes three Bronze Stars, including one with valor, a Purple Heart, and a Humanitarian Award for his relief work following Hurricane Katrina. We should pass this bill to remember Sergeant First Class Lacey’s heroic deeds on the battlefield as well as his compassion for others at home. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ). Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. WALKER . A little over 2 years ago, northwest Florida and our Nation lost a warrior and a patriot upon the death of Army Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey. Kelly was assigned to the 201st Brigade Support Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team of the 1st Infantry Division out of Fort Knox, Kentucky, and was killed on January 4, 2014, in Nangarhar province, Afghanistan, while in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Today I stand before you to honor this true American hero by designating the facility of the United States Postal Service, located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey Post Office. Kelly had served three tours in Iraq and was completing his second tour in Afghanistan when his life was tragically taken. During the mission that took his life, Kelly protected fellow soldiers during an attack where a car bomb had breached his base perimeter, allowing multiple combatants, many bearing suicide vests, to initiate an assault. Kelly took a guard tower and began providing cover fire, killing three assailants before a rocketpropelled grenade took his life. He was scheduled to return home just 2 weeks from the time of his death. We must never forget, nor take for granted, the many liberties we enjoy as Americans—liberties earned and fortified by soldiers like Kelly, who never hesitate when called upon. Kelly bravely dedicated his life to protect our freedom. While there is nothing we can do today to bring Kelly back to us and take away the pain that is felt by his loved ones that have been left behind, we can help memorialize his ultimate sacrifice. America’s sovereignty and democracy is deeply rooted in the courageous 
acts of our men and women in the Armed Forces, who willingly serve knowing that at any time they could pay the ultimate sacrifice. Renaming the post office will help ensure that future generations forever remember that sacrifice and understand the true cost of freedom. I ask my colleagues for your support on this legislation. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4987. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SPECIALIST ROSS A. M CGINNIS MEMORIAL POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 433) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 433 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 433, introduced by Congressman GLENN  THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 433 designates the post office located at 523 East Railroad Street, in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office. This bill honors a remarkably brave soldier and Medal of Honor recipient, Army Specialist Ross McGinnis. This young man’s story is one of incredible sacrifice. When enemy combatants launched a grenade into the vehicle occupied by Specialist McGinnis and his fellow soldiers, Specialist McGinnis’ reaction was one of inconceivable bravery. He thrust his own body on top of the grenade to save the lives of his comrades. In a moment I will ask my colleague, Congressman THOMPSON , the sponsor of this bill, to share more about this hero and his incredible story. In the meantime, I want to urge Members to support this bill to name a post office to honor McGinnis’ life and his sacrifice. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 433, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office. There are a number of post offices that we are bringing forward today, recognizing the sacrifice and the commitment of our American citizens to our country. It is noteworthy to put into the RECORD that Ross McGinnis was promoted after death to Specialist and received the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, and the prestigious Medal of Honor for his heroic actions. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the ultimate sacrifice that Specialist Ross McGinnis made to our country. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in just a few days, people across the Nation will pause on Memorial Day to remember the men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice, losing their lives as members of America’s Armed Forces. As a Member of Congress and an Army dad, with my son, Logan, being wounded in Iraq, I know some of the struggles our military families go through every day. I also know how courageous and strong our fighting men and women are, and the bravery of those who did not make it home. I rise in support of H.R. 433, which renames the United States Post Office in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office, a designation which will honor an exceptionally brave young man. Medal of Honor recipient Ross A. McGinnis was born June 14, 1987, Flag Day, in Meadville, Pennsylvania, the son of Tom and Romayne McGinnis. He was killed in the line of duty on December 4, 2006, while serving in Iraq. Ross grew up in the community of Knox, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. He attended Clarion County Public Schools and was a member of the Boy Scouts, along with participating in basketball, soccer, and Little League Baseball. He was a member of the St. Paul’s Lutheran Church in Knox, and a 2005 graduate of Keystone JuniorSenior High School. Ross had long wanted to be a soldier, and in 2004, on his 17th birthday, he visited an Army recruiting center and joined the delayed entry program. Following his initial training, Ross was deployed to eastern Baghdad in August of 2006. He served as an M2 .50 caliber machine gunner in the 1st Platoon, C Company, 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, in support of operations intended to combat an intense insurgency in that region. On December 4, 2006, McGinnis’ platoon was on mounted patrol in 
Adhamiyah. During the course of the patrol, an insurgent on a nearby rooftop threw a grenade into the vehicle Ross was riding in. Without hesitation or regard for his own life, McGinnis threw his body on top of the grenade, saving the lives of his fellow soldiers. Posthumously, he was promoted to Specialist and was awarded the Silver Star. On June 2, 2008, he was awarded the Medal of Honor. In part, his citation reads his ‘‘extraordinary heroism and selflessness at the cost of his own life, above and beyond the call of duty, are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army.’’ It is my hope that through the naming of this post office, his heroism and selflessness will live long through the ages. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge the passage of H.R. 433. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 433. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CHIEF PETTY OFFICER ADAM BROWN UNITED STATES POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3931) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3931 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CHIEF PETTY OFFICER ADAM BROWN UNITED STATES POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. b1730 GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3931, introduced by Congressman BRUCE  WESTERMAN of Arkansas. H.R. 3931 designates the post office located at 620 Central Avenue, Suite 1A, in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office. Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown was a true American hero and someone who I hope will serve as an inspiration to many. Adam went from drug addiction, theft, and prison time to a life devoted to faith, family, and country. A decorated Navy SEAL, Adam served multiple tours of duty and lost an eye and multiple fingers, but returned to duty nonetheless. One tour in Afghanistan was not just to fight for his country. He went to give away 500 pairs of shoes to Afghan children that he had collected as a personal project. Adam’s legacy should live on in our hearts and minds as well as in physical remembrance. I urge Members to support this bill and name a post office after this hero, Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 3931, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service, located in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office. Adam Brown never did anything halfway. He was always ready to push aside his own needs to help others. Adam joined the Navy in 1998. It was not long before he became a Navy SEAL and eventually served as a member of the elite SEAL Team Six and a special operations task force deployed to Afghanistan. Again, we have the opportunity here in Congress to recognize sometimes the quiet, but amazing, contributions of our military and of this individual we bring forward to be named today. We should pass this bill to remember the tenacity of Chief Petty Officer Brown and to honor his valiant military service. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the fine gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, Jesus said: ‘‘Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.’’ This poignant verse is inscribed on the headstone of Arkansas and American hero and Hot Springs native Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown. Adam’s story is a story of loyalty and dedication to the American way of life, and it is an inspiring testament to overcoming adversity through faith. True to the Navy SEAL creed, Adam’s strength and leadership abilities were forged by adversity. Although Adam’s eagerness for risk led to trouble in his youth, his determination to do the right thing, fueled by a love for his family, faith, and country, led him to become a member of the elite SEAL Team Six. On March 17, 2010, while conducting a raid on an enemy stronghold in Komar province, Afghanistan, Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown selflessly placed himself in the enemy’s line of fire to protect and assist his brothers in arms. Though his brave actions relieved the fire on his teammates and ultimately led to the capture of the stronghold, Adam was struck and killed by enemy fire. Many Members of this body as well as countless others have read Adam’s inspiring life story in the best selling book ‘‘Fearless.’’ Mr. Speaker, during this week before Memorial Day, it is my hope that this piece of legislation will not only serve to honor Chief Petty Officer Brown, but that it will also honor all of the men and women from Arkansas’ Fourth Congressional District who have laid down their lives in defense of the United States of America and freedom. As we remember the fallen, let us also remember those who gave mentally, physically, and emotionally, people like Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Mills, Jr., who survived his helicopter being shot down 16 times and who was awarded three Silver Stars for his heroic actions in Vietnam. I thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member CUMMINGS and the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for their attention to this piece of legislation. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3931. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3931. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PRIVATE FIRST CLASS FELTON ROGER FUSSELL MEMORIAL POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3953) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3953 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PRIVATE FIRST CLASS FELTON ROGER FUSSELL MEMORIAL POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3953, introduced by Congressman GUSBILIRAKIS  of Florida. H.R. 3953 designates the post office located at 4122 Madison Street, in Elfers, Florida, as the Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office. Roger Fussell enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1969 at the age of 18 and left for Vietnam in that same year. Exactly 1 year after he enlisted, Fussell was tragically killed by enemy fire. Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell volunteered his service and lost his life all too soon while fighting for a country he believed in. I urge Members to support this bill that names a post office in his honor. In a moment, I will yield to its sponsor, my friend, Congressman BILIRAKIS , to tell us more about Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I join with my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 3953, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service, located in Elfers, Florida, as Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office. Roger Fussell received numerous awards for his honorable service, including an Expert Marksman Medal, a Vietnamese Military Merit Medal, the Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross, and a Purple Heart. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill to create and preserve the memory of Private First Class Fussell’s achievements and to honor the ultimate sacrifice he made on behalf of this country. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3953, legislation to designate the Elfers post office as the Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office. I never had a chance to meet Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell, but after working on this legislation with his family and friends, I wish I had. Private Fussell was born in New Port Richey, Florida, and graduated from Gulf High School in 1968. Despite his love for hunting, fishing, and repairing old cars, Private Fussell pursued his calling by enlisting in the Marine Corps. On June 6, 1968, Private Fussell entered the service along with his friend, Jack Mathison, under the Buddy System program. They went to basic training at Parris Island, South Carolina, where Roger was the high shooter for his platoon. He also was honored with the Expert Marksman Medal for superior scores in rifle range shooting. Private Fussell then continued on to advanced infantry training at Camp Lejeune and Camp Pendleton. Private Fussell departed for Vietnam in March of 1969 and served with honor and distinction. On the 1year anniversary of his enlistment, he was killed by mortar fire in service of his country. For his bravery and sacrifice, Private Fussell earned several awards, including the Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross, which is awarded for acts of valor and heroic conduct during an armed conflict. He also received the Vietnamese Military Merit Medal, which is the highest military decoration that was bestowed by South Vietnam during the Vietnam war. Clearly, Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell is a hero who is deserving of having his hometown’s post office in Elfers, Florida, dedicated in his honor. I have worked closely with Roger’s family and with the entire Elfers community on this legislation to help solidify the memory of Private Fussell’s bravery, American spirit, and optimism. His actions served as an inspiration for his brother, Timothy, who has gone on to serve his community as chief of the Port Richey Fire Department. Honoring Private Fussell with the Elfers post office’s designation also honors the work of his sister, Myra. Myra served her community in this very post office for 20 years. Let’s honor this American hero and his family by passing H.R. 3953 and by designating the Elfers post office as the Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3953. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3953. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MAJOR GREGORY E. BARNEY POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4747) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4747 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAJOR GREGORY E. BARNEY POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4747, introduced by Congressman DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4747 designates the post office located at 6691 Church Street, in Riverdale, Georgia, as the Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building. Major Greg Barney was a Riverdale police officer for 26 years before he was tragically shot and killed in the line of duty earlier this year. Major Barney was a United States Navy veteran, and we are thankful for his service to our country and to his community. I will soon yield to my colleagues to tell us more about Major Barney’s life and sacrifice. For now, I urge Members to support this bill to name a post office after Major Greg Barney in honor of his valiant service. I reserve the balance of my time. b1745 Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank Chairman JASON CHAFFETZ , chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, for helping me, for working with me, and for taking time with me in getting this bill through the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and here on the House floor for a vote before we break for the Memorial Day holiday observance. Chairman CHAFFETZ and I had a wonderful conversation, and we both agreed that we wanted to get this bill out before the Memorial Day observance because this bill represents a most appropriate way for us to begin the observance of Memorial Day. I thank Ranking Member ELIJAH  CUMMINGS . I want to thank, also, the committee members of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. I want to thank Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY and Speaker P AULRYANfor their help in moving expeditiously with this bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you that the idea for this bill came to me directly from the heart and the soul of the wonderful people of Riverdale, Georgia, who truly love and endear Major Barney. Riverdale, Georgia, is an extraordinary city with a rich history. It is led by Mayor Evelyn WynnDixon, Police Chief Todd Spivey, council members Cynthia StampsJones, An’Cel Davis, Wanda Wallace, and Kenny Ruffin. As a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, council members StampsJones and An’Cel Davis stopped by my office in Jonesboro and presented this idea to me. I want to thank my chief of staff, Michael Andel, and my senior staffer here in Washington, William Burriss, for their tremendous work in helping. I also thank my district director, Chandra Harris, and deputy district director, Isaac DoDoo, for working with us in Georgia. Now I want to say the other important thing about this bill. This is truly a bipartisan bill. This bill honoring Major Barney is cosponsored by all 14 members of the Georgia congressional delegation, Democrats and Republicans, and by both of our United States Senators, JOHNNY ISAKSON and DAVID PERDUE , who will handle this in the Senate. I want to thank, as I look over and I see some of my Republican friends and colleagues on the floor, TOMPRICE, LYNN WESTMORELAND , and J ODY HICE for joining us here for this important bill. Now, Mr. Speaker, why we are here? On February 11, 2016, Major Gregory E. Barney, who also, notably, was the very first African American interim police chief in the history of Riverdale, Georgia, was fatally shot in the line of duty while he was serving a warrant for the arrest of a drug dealer, the dregs of our community right now. Major Barney stepped up and responded. He was working with a detail of the Clayton County Police, their narcotics unit and their SWAT team; and they were there to put forward this warrant for this arrest, and the drug dealer shot Mr. Barney. Now, the day of this tragic death, also, Mr. Speaker, the 11th of February, there was something else significant. It also marked the anniversary of his 25year career. Major Barney was shot on the 25th anniversary of his 25 years of service to the Clayton County and Riverdale police forces. So I know, with a heavy heart and deep condolences, that each of us in this United States Congress takes this moment to extend our heartfelt condolences to the family of Major Barney: his lovely wife, Lisa, and his two sons, Gregory and Robert. Mr. Speaker, these were twin boys who have lost their father. It is most fitting, also, Mr. Speaker, that the post office that we are naming for Major Barney is located directly across the street from the Riverdale Police Department headquarters now. Mr. Speaker, it is also within the view of the apartment complex where the drug raid took place where Major Barney lost his life. Mr. Speaker, Major Barney became the first police officer in Riverdale, Georgia, to be slain in the line of duty. Mr. Speaker, as we are here and we look forward to that day when we name this post office, we hope that in some small way that, to the family, to his children, to the people of Riverdale, Georgia, and the people of this Nation, when they pass by this post office, they will be able to pass by with a sense of great pride, great respect, and great gratitude for Major Barney, who was truly a Georgia hero. Not only was Major Barney a Georgia hero, he was an American hero. For, as you and I and all of us here in Congress know, when we recognize Major Barney, we are recognizing so many of our brave men and women who put their lives on the line every single day to protect us in law enforcement and in the military. Mr. Speaker, Jesus Christ, just a few hours before he was crucified, said to his disciples: This is my commandment: that you love one another as I loved you. And then Jesus said: Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friend. Mr. Speaker, such a man was Major Gregory E. Barney. I ask this House for a unanimous ‘‘yes’’ vote. God bless you. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE). Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to join my colleagues today to honor Major Greg Barney, who was tragically shot and killed, as has been defined, in the line of duty on February 11, this year, while serving in the city of Riverdale, Georgia. Major Barney was a United States Navy veteran and had served with the Riverdale Police Department for over 25 years, including as a school resource officer at Riverdale High School. We all know what a selfless role that is, a true labor of love. Major Barney embodied the kind of courageous and valiant men and women we all want on our police forces. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Georgia’s Sixth District, I offer our deepest condolences to his wife, Lisa, and their 15 yearold twin boys, Robert and Greg, and their family and friends. I offer our heartfelt gratitude for his service and sacrifice. It is because of his type of heroism that we all feel protected in our communities. So this is a fitting tribute, Mr. Speaker, and I ask my colleagues to join us in support of H.R. 4747, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located on Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building. My colleague DAVID SCOTT has worked tirelessly on this bill, and I am proud to be a cosponsor. I thank Congressman SCOTT for his efforts and this House for your support. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4747, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located in Riverdale, Georgia, as the Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Major Gregory Barney’s 25 years of service to his community, in addition to his service to his country and to commemorate the life that he led. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for yielding. I also rise in support of H.R. 4747, to designate the U.S. post office in honor of Riverdale Police Major Gregory E. Barney. I also sincerely want to thank Congressman DAVID SCOTT from Georgia’s 13th District for his great leadership on this bill. As has been spoken already, Major Barney led a life of service both to his community and of devotion to his family. Starting his career as a firefighter and then later serving in an ambulance squad, Major Barney joined the Riverdale Police Department in 1990. There he served for the next 25 years, as has already been mentioned, serving, ultimately, as the first African American chief of police in Riverdale. Tragically, as we have heard tonight, his life ended in a shooting while trying to execute a noknock warrant. On that tragic night of February 11, he gave his life trying to bring drug dealers to justice. Although I did not know him personally, from all accounts, Major Greg Barney died just as he lived: going above and beyond the call of duty to make his community a better place. It is fitting that the Riverdale Post Office that we are discussing is directly across the street from the Riverdale Police Department. It will serve as a daily reminder to all who enter those buildings of Major Barney’s dedication to the community and of his valor in the line of duty. Also, as has been mentioned, I would like for us to remember his loving wife, Lisa, and twin teenage boys, Robert and Greg, in our thoughts and prayers while they continue to mourn his passing. I urge our colleagues to support H.R. 4747. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ). Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, I am honored today that my colleague, Congressman DAVID SCOTT, asked me to participate in this. My father was a firefighter for 26 years in the city of Atlanta, and he died answering an alarm in 1972. So I understand the heartache of a family when a loved one goes to do their job, to be that first responder, that first person on the scene, and does not come back. b1800 I think it is particularly interesting that, in this case, this officer and his colleagues were serving a noknock warrant. Noknock warrants are issued by a judge because they are basically the most protective type of warrant for a police officer because they go in, and they know there is criminal activity or there are drug sales, gambling, or whatever the circumstance is, that they can go in. Major Barney was out in the field and happened to give chase to a gentleman who ran out the back door. A lot of times when these first responders put their lives on the line, I don’t think people understand that they have got a wife, such as he had, Lisa, sons, Robert and Greg, who he wanted to go home to that night. Those boys wanted their daddy to come home, and that wife wanted her husband to come home. He was out serving the community. I think that is one of the great attributes that, if you look at Major Barney and how other people looked at him, it is what he did for his family, what he did for his community and all the different services that have already been mentioned here tonight. A lot of times, for some reason, the public does not want to understand that these law enforcement officers, these first responders, these medics who go out and do this, they do this for the protection of all of us—at the risk of their lives. Major Barney gave the ultimate sacrifice. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, I think, as we remember his family and the other families tonight, we should remember them for a while and thank them. We have just recently had another officer who was killed. We have to remember these people and their families and not only pray for the protection of the public servant, but pray for those families that, when that loved one leaves their house, like in my case, and you don’t know whether your loved one is coming back, pray for them that they would have that strength and that encouragement and that love to let that loved one go do their job. How appropriate, as has been mentioned, that this post office is right across the street from the Riverdale Police Department. A post office is somewhere where the community comes and gathers and talks. I don’t think there is any more honorable tribute. I have lived in Riverdale. I know that area. I know that post office. I know how the community respects that, so there could be no greater tribute than to have a post office named after you. I want to encourage all my colleagues to help us send a great message to this hero’s family and support H.R. 4747. Again, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), my friend, for letting me participate in this. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4747. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LCPL GARRETT W. GAMBLE, USMC POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4877) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4877 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LCPL GARRETT W. GAMBLE, USMC POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4877, introduced by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). H.R. 4877 designates the post office located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building. Lance Corporal Gamble was a determined young man. Before he even graduated high school, he already decided to join the Marines. Less than a year after being deployed in Afghanistan, Gamble was killed when he stepped on an enemy land mine. 
Mr. Speaker, Garrett Gamble’s life was taken far too soon. Naming a post office after him is just a small honor we can give to a man who gave his life for his country. I urge Members to support this bill to name a post office in Gamble’s honor. I will soon yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ), my colleague and the bill’s sponsor, to tell us more about the honorable soldier Lance Corporal Garrett W. Gamble. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4877, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Sugar Land, Texas, as LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building. It has been stated that this amazing young man was only 20 years old when he gave the ultimate sacrifice in Afghanistan. Garrett will be remembered for his bravery, his determination, and, it has been said, a big personality. He is survived by his parents, stepfather, and two younger brothers. Mr. Speaker, I think, again, we are seeing multiple examples of our brave, dedicated citizens in the United States giving the ultimate sacrifice. I feel strongly that we should pass this bill to commemorate Lance Corporal Gamble’s sacrifice for his country. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from North Carolina. I would also like to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. CHAFFETZ , the ranking member, Mr. CUMMINGS , and the entire committee for getting H.R. 4877 to the House floor this afternoon. This bill names a post office a few miles from my home after Lance Corporal Garrett Gamble, United States Marine Corps. Garrett died defending our freedom on March 11, 2010, in Afghanistan. He was 20 years young. Garrett died before I could meet him, but I will never forget him because of the stories I was told after God called him home. His mother, Chelle, told me about a 10yearold boy who got very angry when he saw those towers fall, the plane crash into the Pentagon, and the plane go down in rural Pennsylvania on 9/11. He never wanted to see his homeland attacked like that again. The drive to join the Marine Corps had started, and that drive would never end. Garrett wanted to destroy evil. He knew that joining the Marine Corps was his calling when he saw al Qaeda’s evil firsthand. Garrett and some marines were on a foot patrol in a small Afghan village. Garrett must have flashed that big smile because a young Afghan boy waved at Garrett. Garrett waved back and held up a small mint for the boy to have. The boy walked up slowly, took the mint, and ran to his father to show him what the American had given him. Garrett watched in horror as the dad beat the tar out of his son. He kicked him; he punched him; he knocked him senseless. Garrett wanted to shoot, but he could not. He got back to base and asked the oldtimers what the heck happened. Why did that boy get beat for this small mint? The oldtimers told him, al Qaeda was watching. When we left, they may go to that man’s home and kill that man—the father, his boy, his mother, his sisters, his brothers. That was a plea from the father: Don’t kill my family. My boy did wrong by taking this small mint. Please leave us alone. Garrett knew he was no longer fighting for America; he was fighting for people all over the world who craved freedom. The final story says everything about Garrett. When he finally enlisted, he was a junior in high school—Austin High School, the Bulldogs. He told his best friend: I have done it. I have joined the Marine Corps. His best friend became irate. He never thought Garrett would do that. He never thought he would join the Marine Corps. He said: I can’t believe you joined the Marine Corps. You may get killed. I would never, ever join the Corps. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. OLSON. I thank my friend from North Carolina. Garrett, in an act of true human love, put his arms on his best friend’s shoulders, looked him square in the eye, and whispered: That is why I did it. That is why I did it. Garrett did not earn this honor by his death; he earned it by his life. Because of this bill, Garrett’s love will be on permanent display at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, the Garrett W. Gamble Post Office. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4877. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4877. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PETTY OFFICER 1ST CLASS CALEB A. NELSON POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4975) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ″Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H. R. 4975 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PETTY OFFICER 1ST CLASS CALEB A. NELSON POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4975, introduced by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ). Petty Officer Nelson was a Navy SEAL who served a tour of duty in Iraq and, later, another tour in Afghanistan. On his 2011 tour in Afghanistan, he was killed when his vehicle struck an explosive device. His friends and family remember him as a cherished teammate, a gifted SEAL operator, and a loving husband and father. Mr. Speaker, Petty Officer Nelson made a great sacrifice by giving his life in the service of his country. I urge Members to honor his sacrifice by naming a post office in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ), the sponsor of this bill. b1815 Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the committee and the ranking member for helping us get this legislation through today. I also thank my fellow Nebraskans, Congressman FORTENBERRY and Congressman S MITH, 
for their cosponsorship of this important legislation. Today I stand with a heavy heart and great pride to honor the life and legacy of Omaha native, Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson. On October 1, 2011, Petty Officer Nelson gave his life in service to his country when he was killed on a combat patrol by an explosive device that struck his vehicle in Zabul province, Afghanistan. His selfless and courageous service to our country will never be forgotten. Though we cannot repay the ultimate sacrifice that Petty Officer Nelson made while protecting our Nation, his legacy will now have a permanent physical memory through H.R. 4975. This legislation will designate the post office located a 5720 South 142nd Street, near my home in Omaha, Nebraska, as the Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building. Our Nation is defended by men and women who sacrifice to keep us free, protect our liberty, and strengthen our country. We have lost many brave men and women who have left this country to protect our life, and I am proud and humbled to stand here before this House to honor the life and bravery of one of those men today. Petty Officer Nelson entered the Navy in the engineering career field and graduated from boot camp on October 11, 2005. After graduating from Navy technical training, Petty Officer Nelson was accepted to attend Basic Underwater Demolition SEAL training. He graduated from SEAL training in November 2006. As a member of the elite team of Navy SEALs, Petty Officer Nelson continued to serve his country as a seasoned combat veteran, with a deployment to Iraq in 2009, and a deployment to Afghanistan in March 2011. Petty Officer Nelson’s awards and decorations speak to his selfless heroism. These awards include the Bronze Star with Valor, Purple Heart Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Sea Service Ribbon, NATO Service Medal, Expert Rifle Ribbon, and Expert Pistol Ribbon. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. ASHFORD. To those who knew Petty Officer Nelson best—his parents, wife, and two sons—he will be remembered as a loving son, husband, and father. To his fellow Navy SEALs, he will be remembered as a cherished teammate and a gifted SEAL operator. To this country, he will be remembered as an embodiment of the Navy’s motto: ‘‘Not for self, but for country.’’ Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the courage and the valor exhibited by Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb Nelson and honor the ultimate sacrifice he made. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4975. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4975. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LOUIS VAN IERSEL POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4761) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4761 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4761, introduced by Congresswoman JUDYCHUof California. Louis Van Iersel’s story is an unbelievable one. Louis came to the United States from the Netherlands, and he served his new home with fervor. On his first day in the United States, he enlisted in the Army and soon after was deployed to Europe as part of World War I. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for saving hundreds of Americans’ lives during the war. At the start of World War II, Louis tried to enlist in the Army alongside his sons, but he was turned away because of his age. So what did he do? He enlisted with the Marines instead. Through his life, Van Iersel truly wanted to serve the United States, the country he adopted as his home. I urge Members to support the bill to name a post office in Van Iersel’s honor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sergeant Louis Van Iersel, a decorated veteran of both World Wars, by offering a bill to designate the U.S. Post Office in the city of Sierra Madre, California, the Louis Van Iersel Post Office. Sergeant Van Iersel was the true embodiment of an American hero. An immigrant from the Netherlands, his acts of heroism began even before he sat foot on American soil. On his voyage to the United States in 1917, he assisted in the rescue of 27 shipwrecked British soldiers torpedoed by a German vessel. On the very day he arrived in the United States, Mr. Van Iersel registered for the draft and enlisted in the Army. He didn’t speak a word of English, but he learned while working in the Army kitchen. He was eventually assigned to the 2nd Infantry Division and was deployed to France at the end of World War I. It was in France that Mr. Van Iersel showed extraordinary heroism time and time again. He first gained notice when he and a comrade braved German gunfire to carry 17 soldiers to safety. He was then promoted to sergeant, when he led a small reconnaissance patrol and found enemy trenches. It was there that he was able to use his native language of German to infiltrate them and convince the officer in charge to surrender 60 German soldiers. From there, Mr. Van Iersel increased his efforts to gain information on German troop movements. In one particularly treacherous situation, Mr. Van Iersel braved heavy fire to swim across the icy Seine River. He overheard German soldiers discussing a heavy artillery barrage that would have wiped out the whole American battalion. With this critical information, he swam back across the river and reported his findings, enabling the American troops to take cover before the attack began. Because of his actions, he saved 1,000 American lives. For all his efforts, he was awarded dozen of medals, including two military medals, the French Croix de Guerre and the American Medal of Honor. These are the 
highest honors that both countries can bestow. At the end of the World War I, Mr. Van Iersel moved to the city of Sierra Madre, California, in my district. He became a citizen, got married, and started a family. But then World War II broke out, and Mr. Van Iersel knew he could not sit idly by. He and his three sons all reported to the Army to enlist and to serve their country. But Mr. Van Iersel was turned away, because the Army told him he was too old to serve. While he would not let this stop him, undeterred, Mr. Van Iersel talked his way into the Marine Corps. He served with the 3rd Marine Division in the Pacific, and safely returned home in 1945. Mr. Van Iersel passed away at the age of 93. But as a longtime resident of Sierra Madre, Mr. Van Iersel exemplified the American Dream, raising his family after he left military service, volunteering with his local Veterans of Foreign Wars chapter, and remaining an active member of the community. I encourage you to honor his extraordinary legacy and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4761. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize Louis Van Iersel’s unparalleled dedication to our country. I urge passage of H.R. 4761. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4761. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SPECIAL WARFARE OPERATOR MASTER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER (SEAL) LOUIS ‘‘LOU’’ J. LANGLAIS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3218) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 836 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, California as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3218 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIAL WARFARE OPERATOR MASTER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER (SEAL) LOUIS ‘‘LOU’’ J. LANGLAIS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3218, introduced by Congresswoman LOISCAPPS of California. Master Chief Lou Langlais served in the military for 25 years. He was in his final tour in Afghanistan when enemy fire shot down his helicopter, killing him and 29 other Americans. I will ask my colleague and the sponsor of this bill, Congresswoman LOIS CAPPS , to share the incredible story of Master Chief Langlais, but I first want to urge Members to support this bill and name a post office after Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer Louis ‘‘Lou’’ J. Langlais. Hearing his story of lifelong service is inspiring, and I am hopeful that permanently naming the post office in the remembrance of his sacrifice will serve to inspire generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ), the sponsor of this bill. Mrs. CAPPS. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 3218, which would designate the United States Postal Service facility that is actually on State Street in Santa Barbara as the Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘‘Lou’’ J. Langlais Post Office Building. Lou was a soldier and beloved family man. He dedicated his life to protecting our freedom and our country. This is an important bill not only for my community of Santa Barbara, but for the memory of a brave member of our armed services we lost way too soon. Naming the Santa Barbara post office in honor of Lou Langlais is a fitting tribute. Born in Quebec, Lou grew up on the central coast. He was an avid rock and mountain climber who spent much of his free time rock climbing some of California’s most renowned and challenging locations, including Yosemite National Park and Joshua Tree National Park. After graduating from Santa Barbara High School, Lou joined the Navy in 1986. He spent 3 years on a warship before being accepted into and graduating from SEAL training class 162 in February 1989. He was a member of the Navy Parachute Team, the Leap Frogs, and served in the Persian Gulf War with distinction and valor. Then in 2000, Lou joined the highly selective Naval Special Warfare Development Group, where he eventually rose to become a troop leader in the Navy SEALs’ elite Team Six before serving multiple tours in Afghanistan and Iraq. During his 25year military career, Lou earned many personal and unit decorations, including five Bronze Stars with Valor, the Purple Heart, a Defense Meritorious Service Medal, three Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals, and three Presidential Unit Citations, as well as several other campaign and unit decorations. It is also important to note that he is most remembered as a trusted friend, family member, and teammate for so many. On August 6, 2011, Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Langlais was one of 30 Americans killed in action when their helicopter was shot down in eastern Afghanistan. At the time, he was serving what was supposed to be his very last deployment. He had plans to return home to his family and continue his service as a trainer in the Navy SEAL program. But alas, he made the ultimate sacrifice. b1830 Lou is survived by his wife, Anya, and their two sons, Gabe and Jake, who also have given so much for their country. This bill honors them for their sacrifice and perseverance in the face of tragedy. As our community and Nation still mourn, I am proud to have authored this legislation. The naming of the Santa Barbara post office after Master Chief Lou Langlais is a fitting tribute and a way for Santa Barbara to remember and honor one of our own. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize the incredible achievements of Special Warfare Operator Chief Petty Officer Lou Langlais as well as the ultimate sacrifice he made for this country. I urge the passage of H.R. 3218. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3218, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘‘Lou’’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, recently, the Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus held its annual Member Shoot Out at Prince George’s County Trap and Skeet Center. This is a friendly competition between Republicans and Democrats where we get out there and we shoot trap, skeet, and sporting clays. I am pleased to announce that this year, Team Republican will retain the ShootOut trophy, with a winning score of 253–222. Our Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus is a bipartisan caucus made up of Members of the Republican and Democratic Parties that all come together to support our Nation’s great shooting 
sports heritage, fishing and recreational shooting heritage, as well as all of us that love to hunt. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ). He is the cochair of the caucus and winner of the Democratic Top Gun award. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my cochair of the Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus, the gentleman from Virginia, and congratulate the Republican team for a strong showing this year. You certainly raised the bar for next year. This event highlights that, in the largest bipartisan caucus in Congress, we collaboratively work together to protect this Nation’s hunting, fishing, and outdoor heritage. I am proud of the Members who come out there. They give to the great cause of this, and we continue that heritage. So again, I congratulate the Republicans for some fine shooting. I look forward to next year and the work we do together. 
SECURING ACCESS TO NETWORKS IN DISASTERS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ). Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3998) to direct the Federal Communications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 389, nays 2, not voting 42, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—2 
Allen Barton Bass Beatty Bridenstine Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cicilline Cole Collins (GA) Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Doggett Duckworth Engel Esty Fattah Fincher Granger Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Lewis Loudermilk Maloney, Carolyn Meeks Miller (MI) O’Rourke Peters Rangel Rohrabacher Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Vargas Visclosky Waters, Maxine 
b1904 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to conduct a study on network resiliency during times of emergency, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following votes: 1. H.R. 4889, Kelsey Smith Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 2. H.R. 3998, Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
KARI’S LAW ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 4167) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi line telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TIMELY AVAILABILITY OF ITEMS ADOPTED BY VOTE OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 2589) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website the text of any item that is adopted by vote of the Commission not later than 24 hours after receipt of dissenting statements from all Commissioners wishing to submit such a statement with respect to such item.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3969) to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean Department of Veterans Affairs CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3969 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MASTER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER JESSE DEAN VA CLINIC. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill is sponsored by Congressman JOEHECK from Nevada, and I thank him for introducing this piece of legislation. Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean was born on August 11, 1947, and enlisted in the United States Navy when he was just 17 years old. Throughout his time in the Navy, Master Chief Petty Officer Dean served on numerous ships and on several overseas assignments and earned several awards and commendations. Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean served our Nation both in and out of uniform. He served his fellow veterans and neighbors in Nevada. It is entirely fitting that with the passage of H.R. 3969, as amended, we name the VA communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, the Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean Department of Veterans Affairs CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3969, as amended, which would designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic. Master Chief Petty Officer Dean, who passed away in 2014, was a highly decorated Vietnam veteran who served 27 years in the Navy before retiring in 1992. He settled in Laughlin and joined the American Legion where he was revered by fellow members for his selfless service and dedication. By all accounts, Master Chief Petty Officer Dean was an exemplary sailor and beloved citizen, husband, and father. I understand that when Congressman HECK asked his constituents to recommend a veteran to name this clinic after, Officer Dean was the only name mentioned. Mr. Speaker, Master Chief Petty Officer Dean’s dedication to duty, his community, and his country reflected great credit upon himself and was in keeping with the finest ideals of service, selflessness, and giving, making him the ideal namesake for the new veterans clinic in Laughlin, Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1915 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK). Mr. HECK of Nevada. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today to urge the House to adopt H.R. 3969, legislation I introduced to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, in honor of Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean. On February 19, 2015, I helped cut the ribbon at the grand opening of the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada. Shortly after the clinic was completed, members of the American Legion Richard Springston Post 60 in Laughlin came to me with an idea that the clinic should be named for a prominent Laughlin veteran. As we started the search, one name stood out amongst the rest: Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean. From the time he was a boy, Jesse Dean only wanted to do one thing— serve his country as a member of the United States military. In 1965, at the age of 17, he enlisted in the Navy. Jesse would go on to serve 27 years, achieving the highest grade for an enlisted sailor, that of master chief petty officer. His first sea duty assignment was aboard the aircraft carrier USS Hornet, and during Vietnam he served as part of the brownwater navy. Over his 27 year career, Jesse earned numerous awards and commendations, including three Navy Commendation Medals, two Navy Achievement Medals, a Combat Action Ribbon, a Vietnam Service Medal, and an Overseas Service Ribbon. Upon his retirement from the Navy in 1992, Jesse moved to Laughlin and promptly joined American Legion Post 60. As a member of the Legion, Jesse was revered by fellow members for his selfless service and dedication to the Post and his fellow veterans. He did the majority of the maintenance work on the Post. He drove fellow veterans to medical appointments and to the store. He even donated a trailer that he owned to be used as a shelter for homeless veterans. Jesse did all of these things and more for the Post and his fellow veterans, but he never accepted compensation for his tireless work. Mr. Speaker, I did not have the privilege of knowing Master Chief Jesse Dean, but it is clear from speaking 
with community members and veterans in Laughlin that naming the new VA clinic in his honor is a fitting tribute. The master chief was called to his final duty station in 2014. Today we have a chance to repay him with a resounding Bravo Zulu for his years of dedication to Laughlin American Legion Post 60, to the veteran community of Laughlin, and to the United States Navy by naming the new VA health clinic in his honor. I thank all of the members of the Nevada Congressional Delegation for backing this building naming as well as to thank the members of the American Legion Richard Springston Post 60 in Laughlin for working with us on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3969 to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, in honor of Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As we enter into the Memorial Day celebration, I want to point out that, like Master Chief Petty Officer Dean and many Vietnam veterans, when they returned, this country did not receive them as we should have and thank them for their service. Of the 22 veterans who commit suicide every day, only 3 of them are part of the VA system. I would like for all of us to reach out to the Vietnam veterans and to first thank them all for their service and then for all of us to soldier up and man up and to let them know we love them, that we appreciate them, and that we appreciate their service. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3969, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill satisfies the committee’s naming criteria, and, as Dr. HECKsaid, it is supported by the entire Nevada Congressional Delegation as well as by veterans service organizations, including the American Legion and the VFW. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this great bill. I would appreciate it very much. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3969, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
EUGENE J. M CCARTHY POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4425) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4425 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4425, which was introduced by Congressman TOM EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4425 designates the post office located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office. Former Senator Eugene McCarthy dedicated much of his life to service. Senator McCarthy served his faith through his work at St. Thomas College, and he served his country as a code breaker for the Army in the War Department. After leaving the Army, he continued to serve in the public sector as a Representative in the House and then in the Senate for the DemocraticFarmer Labor Party. Near the end of his life, Senator McCarthy had a post office named after him in Twin Cities, Minnesota. That post office has since been closed. We will soon hear more about Senator McCarthy from my colleague, Congressman TOMEMMER , the bill’s sponsor. For now, I urge Members to support this bill to rename a post office in remembrance of Eugene J. McCarthy. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4425, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office. Mr. McCarthy had many successes. He served as a politician. He served in the military. He taught and was an educator. He was one of our colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives and later in the Senate. Ultimately, he entered the Presidential race to become President of the United States. Although he did not win that nomination, I feel strongly in urging the passage of H.R. 4425. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I thank Eugene McCarthy’s daughter, Ellen, and St. John’s University president Dr. Michael Hemesath and Dr. Matthew Lindstrom from the Eugene J. McCarthy Center for Public Policy & Civic Engagement at the College of Saint Benedict and St. John’s University for their help in making this dedication possible. The staff and students of this center provide valuable events, lectures, and discussions that engage the entire community surrounding Collegeville, Minnesota. I rise today to honor Senator Eugene McCarthy, a man who is remembered for shaking up the D.C. establishment and for being a driving force behind the level of civic engagement Minnesota has today. In the year which would have been his 100th birthday, I am proud to have the full Minnesota delegation’s support for dedicating the post office at St. John’s University—the college where McCarthy grew up, studied, and taught—after this great public servant. If recent years in politics have taught us anything, it is that the American people are tired of the status quo. They value independent thinking and honest, plainspoken leaders. Eugene McCarthy was a patriotic American who valued his faith and his country, but who was not afraid to speak out when he believed our Nation was headed down the wrong path. He left his Benedictine studies to serve his country in World War II as a code breaker in the Military Intelligence Division of the War Department. Serving in the Army gave McCarthy a firsthand perspective on the level of dedication and sacrifice our Nation’s servicemembers give in furtherance of a just cause. McCarthy is best known for effectively ending the political career of his party’s presumptive Presidential nominee. As the country tired of watching 
their sons die in Vietnam without there being a winning strategy, McCarthy challenged Lyndon Johnson for the Presidential nomination in 1968. In a party that struggled to justify its failed foreign policies, McCarthy garnered a substantial percentage of the New Hampshire primary, causing a severe blow to thenPresident Johnson’s prospects as well as opening a door for Robert Kennedy, a young Senator from New York, to challenge the sitting President. Johnson ended his campaign within the same month. Although Nixon won the election, McCarthy had done the groundwork to inject public opinion into the national election process. Eugene McCarthy revived the idea that those who were truly committed to selfgovernment could participate and impact the process to correct injustice and improve citizens’ lives in Minnesota and around the country. McCarthy served as a Representative and Senator from our great State from 1949 to 1971. When McCarthy left the Senate, he returned to his life as a reluctant Minnesota leader, prolific poet, and educator. He authored over 20 books on public policy, political theory, and economics, including memories from growing up in Minnesota. McCarthy continued to strongly influence Minnesota’s politics; yet, he never clung to a party line. McCarthy was publicly critical of Jimmy Carter, and he supported Reagan’s Strategic Defense Initiative. Eugene McCarthy’s father, a postmaster himself and a proud Republican, once said: Gene is a good boy, but he’s in the wrong party. In Minnesota, we pride ourselves on being able to disagree without necessarily being disagreeable. We pride ourselves on working together from different perspectives, politically and otherwise, toward common goals. Personally, I don’t like the term ‘‘bipartisan,’’ but not for the reason you may think. You see, I think the instant we refer to something as ‘‘bipartisan’’ we immediately make an issue about our different points of view instead of about the fact that we all want, essentially, the same things. For instance, we all want clean air, clean water, good schools, good jobs, safe communities, and a better life for our children than we have enjoyed. The list goes on and on. Again, for the most part, we all want the same things. Sometimes we just have different perspectives on how to best achieve the things we all want. Senator McCarthy was not afraid to do the right thing for the right reason even if that meant working with someone who did not have the same political affiliation or religious views. In my book, that is not just called independence. That is called leadership. Naming a post office after Eugene McCarthy is a worthy dedication for a man who shook the foundation of the political establishment at a national level. I thank Chairman C HAFFETZ and the committee for their work to officially honor this great Minnesotan, Eugene McCarthy. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today we have named post offices after some great individuals—public servants, members of our military, politicians, community leaders—and we have done it in the name of respecting their legacies and in honoring them so that their families are honored as well. I just want to go through the names again: Ross McGinnis, Adam Brown, Roger Fussell, Gregory Barney, Garrett Gamble, Caleb Nelson, William Lacey, Louis Van Iersel, Louis Langlais, and Eugene McCarthy. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4425 and say, as it has been said earlier, that post offices are gathering places in our communities. I gave 30 years of service to the United States Postal Service at various levels of service. I know that the Postal Service is a place at which people trust their mail will be handled, for the commerce of our country rests in those post offices, and in small rural communities, it is the community center. Today we have done a great thing, and we have done it bipartisanly. I hear that word, and I sigh a breath of relief in knowing that this body—the Members of Congress—can come together. We have come together to recognize people not because of their parties, but because they are Americans and they have served this great country. I yield back the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished Congresswoman LAWRENCE for her service, for her time, and for her work this evening. I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4425. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4465) to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4465 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Board shall cease operations and terminate 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Upon transmittal of the Board’s recommendations from the Director of OMB to Congress under section 13, the Comptroller General of the United States at least annually shall monitor and review the implementation activities of Federal agencies pursuant to section 14, and report to Congress any findings and recommendations. 
Section 501 of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411) is amended— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 4465, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4465, as amended, includes reforms that will reduce the deficit through the consolidation and selling of Federal buildings and improving the management of Federal real property. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this legislation. I want to recognize the tireless work of the gentleman and former chair of the Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management Subcommittee, Mr. DENHAM , for his leadership on this issue, along with the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Mr. CHAFFETZ . This bipartisan legislation incorporates critical provisions crafted by both committees to address decades old problems related to Federal real property. H.R. 4465, as amended, establishes a pilot program that includes an independent review of the Federal real property inventory and development of recommendations for the disposition of vacant and underutilized properties. We have had hearings highlighting Federal buildings sitting vacant, costing the taxpayer through maintenance costs and unrealized sale proceeds. These buildings are often eyesores in local communities and provide no local tax benefits. Agencies have been slow in getting rid of unneeded properties. For example, the Old Georgetown Heating Plant, in one of the most expensive areas of D.C., sat vacant for 11 years and was only sold after our committee held a hearing spotlighting the vacant property. The pilot included in this legislation will result in an independent look across agencies at opportunities to sell, redevelop, and consolidate Federal properties. Following the pilot, H.R. 4465, as amended, would then allow agencies to retain a portion of the disposal proceeds to offset the upfront cost of property disposal. The legislation will also codify the Federal real property database, providing for better congressional oversight of the real property inventory. If this bill works as intended, we can make significant strides in reducing the cost to the taxpayer and putting underused properties back on local tax rolls for redevelopment. I urge my colleagues to support passage of this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4465, the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016. This bill begins the process of reforming GSA’s public building services. I would like to, first of all, recognize wholeheartedly my very good friend, whom I had an opportunity to travel with, my colleague from California (Mr. DENHAM ) for his work in bringing this bill before the Transportation Committee and now the full House, and also my colleague Chairman BARLETTA . Today’s legislation, Mr. Speaker, really has the potential to be a valuable tool in rightsizing our Federal footprint. It authorizes an independent board that could provide a source of revenue for the Federal Government to invest in its existing buildings and to better manage its real estate portfolio. The board would make recommendations to dispose of unneeded and underutilized real estate, and it would make recommendations to consolidate Federal real estate functions where appropriate. H.R. 4465 is consistent with several governmentwide memoranda issued by the President that ordered agencies to reduce and freeze their real estate footprints. These directives represent the administration’s sustained priority of improving the management of Federal real estate. I believe H.R. 4465 dovetails 
well with the administration’s priorities and begins to address the issue in very meaningful ways. Both the Transportation Committee and the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, have repeatedly raised concerns about the way Federal real property has been managed. The proposed board would be highly instrumental in reconfiguring, colocating, and even realigning the Federal real estate portfolio with best practices. Although I believe the board can serve an important role in disposing of unneeded real estate, I also urge the board to not sell real estate assets in a soft market or sell properties that hamstring the government’s ability to house Federal employees in the future. Expert and specialized skill is still very necessary to dispose of underutilized real estate assets while avoiding selling property the government could need in the future. Without this expertise, we could end up with transactions leading to future longterm leasing because of the haphazard disposal of underutilized real estate. It is very important to note that today’s legislation contains several checks and balances. As a result of the concerns expressed on my side of the aisle, there were several changes to the bill while negotiating the final version. Instead of the bill requiring six annual recommendations, as originally proposed, the board will now make three sets of detailed recommendations over 6 years so that Congress can conduct oversight of the board’s actions and properly gauge the alignment of the board’s goals with congressional priorities. In addition, the aggregate value of transactions is capped at no more than $8 billion. Each potential real estate action with a value above $20 million will require an appropriation that will go through the normal GSA prospectus approval process. Now, Mr. Speaker, Federal agencies will be required to coordinate construction and alteration projects with GSA. I appreciate that the sponsors of this important legislation were willing to work with us to address these concerns, and we look forward to continuing this great work as it is being implemented In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I support today’s legislation. It creates an independent board to make recommendations on how to meet the goal of right sizing the Federal real estate portfolio and saving taxpayers millions of dollars. I intend to conduct vigorous oversight of this board and the actions taken by GSA in order to make it a success. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation I have authored to help reduce the size of the Federal footprint. I first would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Chairman B ARLETTA for their ongoing support in this effort, as well as Ranking Member DEFAZIO and Ranking Member CARSON for their help also. This is truly a bipartisan bill. It is a bill that has garnered a lot of support because we have worked with both sides of the aisle, as well as with groups that have a vested interest in making sure that this happens correctly. I also thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member CUMMINGS of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for working to bridge the differences between our two committees. Given our trilliondollar deficit and skyrocketing debt, we have to examine every area of government and look for ways to continue to cut spending. This bill has taken 5 years in the making. It was one of the first actions when I, as a chair of this subcommittee, initially, we held a hearing in the Old Post Office in D.C. It was a January morning with freezing temperatures. We went in to show that this vacant building was sitting there and could be revitalized. Now we are going to see that building not only reopen as a hotel and retail space, but it is going to generate millions in profits for the Federal Government. We continued to hold hearings like this in abandoned buildings all across the country, ones that were neglected, underutilized buildings, just to highlight the failed state of failed property management. We were successful in pressuring GSA in selling the long vacant Georgetown West Heating Plant. That netted $20 million to the American taxpayer. Sadly, this has got to be done across the entire country. Every year since 2003, GAO, the Government Accountability Office, has found that the Federal Government fails to manage hundreds of thousands of buildings across the entire country. According to the GAO, the Federal Government continues to maintain too much excess and underutilized property, relies too heavily on costly leased space, and maintains unreliable and misleading real property lists. The GAO agrees and has stated before this committee that legislation like the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act would go a long way toward fixing the problems with Federal real property. The President has also continued to support reforms to Federal real estate since speaking on it in his 2011 State of the Union. He has included it in his budget since then, and I am also pleased to have secured the commitment of this administration to advance legislation and work with myself and Chairman CHAFFETZ to see real reforms signed into law. Additionally, both Houses of Congress have included this idea in their annual budget documents. I believe that we have the potential to save billions of dollars in real estate property. To be successful, this board will need to consolidate the Federal footprint, house more Federal employees in less overall space, reduce our reliance on costly lease space, sell or redevelop highvalue assets that are underutilized, and dispose of surplus property much, much quicker. This bill creates an environment that will achieve these goals and creates a reliable and comprehensive real property database so the public can actually see government’s progress. Additionally, as I said, we worked with other groups. One of those was dealing with the McKinneyVento Act to better facilitate access to unneeded Federal real property to serve our Nation’s homeless population. I am proud that these changes have led to the endorsement of this legislation by the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty. I am pleased to work with the Law Center throughout this process and look forward to continuing to work with them to address our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Again, this is a good bill. This has been done in a bipartisan fashion, and it is going to save billions of dollars for the taxpayer. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BARLETTA  for yielding me this time. I rise in support of both H.R. 4465, the bill by Chairman DENHAM , and H.R. 4487 by Chairman BARLETTA . We need to realize, Mr. Speaker, that private ownership of property is a very important, even vital, part of our freedom and our prosperity. Today, the Federal Government owns almost 30 percent of the land in this Nation, and State and local governments and quasigovernmental agencies own almost 20 percent. So today, close to half of the land in this country is under some type of public governmental ownership. But you can never satisfy government’s appetite for money or land. They always want more. I first became interested in this issue when I read in USA Today several years ago that governments keep adding land equal to half the size of the State of New Jersey each year through direct purchases or through indirect purchases through land conservancies. Then I read that the Federal Bureau of Land Management had about 3 million acres they didn’t even want. I first introduced a bill on this subject in 2001, during the 107th Congress, called the Federal Lands Improvement Act. I reintroduced it in the next Congress. Then, in the 110th Congress, I introduced a similar bill with my colleague from the other side, Congressman Dennis Moore of Kansas, called the Federal Real Property Disposal Enhancement Act. In a similar bipartisan 
fashion, Senator T OMCARPER of Delaware and Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma introduced companion legislation in the Senate. Several years ago, the Office of Management and Budget had found 21,000 Federal properties that the Federal Government no longer wanted or needed worth, at that time, $18 billion, and $9 billion of those were real property assets that the Federal Government wanted to dispose of. b1945 Jim Nussle, who was the Office of Management and Budget Director at the time, wrote a letter endorsing legislation to do what these bills are attempting to do here tonight. He said: ‘‘To reach this objective, I believe we must improve and streamline the current process that Federal agencies face in disposing of real property assets.’’ Some extremists never want the government to sell any property, and government at all levels continues to acquire more and more land every year. But we keep shrinking the tax base, Mr. Speaker, at the time that schools and policemen and all these other government employees want and need more funding. This legislation, we have worked on this through both the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, on which I serve, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, on which I also serve. I want to commend, again, Chairman BARLETTA and Chairman DENHAM because, with so many needs and so many good things that we can do for the American people, it simply makes no sense to force the government to keep properties that it no longer needs or wants. We can and should put those assets to much better use. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA). Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I have to thank the chairman, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ), for taking this measure this far. I want to thank the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) also. I have to also thank Mr. DENHAM and others for bringing this legislation forward. My involvement as a member and former chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure was that we had the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, which the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) chairs and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) is the ranking member. They have taken this proposal that we thought about for sometime, and we heard Mr. DUNCAN ’s work for years and brought it forward to a great piece of legislation that can save billions of dollars for the taxpayers. The Federal Government and the American people are, by far, the largest landowners of anyone anywhere. The American people own more Federal property than anyone. There are some problems, though, and we identified those. When we were in the minority several years back, we had more time to do studies and reports. Mr. Speaker, we produced a report that was called ‘‘Sitting on Our Assets: The Federal Government’s Misuse of Taxpayer Owned Assets.’’ What we did is we went through some of the public buildings and properties that are sitting idle. One highlighted in the report—you can look the report up—is the old post office two blocks from the White House sitting there idle, 400,000 square feet. Half of it is empty. Behind it there is a newer annex. The old building was built in the 1890s. It was half empty, costing the taxpayers $6 million to $8 million a year in losses, to underwrite the losses. It took us two hearings. The first hearing we held was in the empty annex, empty for 15 years. We brought the committee down there. The staff said: Should we do it in the heated part half empty or should we do it in the cold part? It was 32 degrees outside, 38 degrees inside. We did the hearing in the cold part. We made the bureaucrats shiver. For a year they still didn’t do anything. We got it put up for tender. Guess who won against the competition of the best hotels. Ritz Carlton, Marriott, and all of the other majors, Hilton, they all competed openly. Mr. Trump and his organization won. He is turning that asset that has been sitting idle, costing taxpayers from $6 million to $8 million a year in losses, into about a quarter of a million dollars revenue, plus a percentage of some of the profits. Now, that is what you do in turning government properties around. That is one example. You could go throughout the District. Behind the Ritz Carlton in Georgetown there is a property, a power station. We did a hearing in the empty building there. We got it up for sale. Actually, the ‘‘for sale’’ sign went up the day before the hearing. It sold for $19 million. It was costing us $1 million a year to maintain empty. One of the greatest victories is going to occur on June 3. Since 2008, the Federal courthouse, which is a beautiful, historic building in downtown Miami, empty, costing more than $1.5 million to keep empty, deteriorating. We held a hearing there in the empty courthouse several years back. Nothing happened. Then I heard from the president of Miami Dade Community College, my alma mater, across the street. He said: I have written GSA, and we can’t get them to do anything. Well, on June 3, we will transfer that vacant property sitting idle since 2008 to Miami Dade Community College, stemming losses. These are just a few examples. Up in Mr. HOYER ’s district, we have got thousands of acres between the two major thoroughfares vacant at the Department of Agriculture. At Cape Kennedy, we have been private there for 5 years. We took the committee down, and we did a hearing there, 177,000 acres, five times the size of Manhattan. There are another 16,000 acres adjacent with the Air Force, sitting there with 400 buildings, half of them empty. All I need is 400 acres from the Air Force to do a cargo container port, and you could employ 5,000 people. That is what the port director testified. So we have assets across this Nation sitting idle because no bureaucrat has the beanie up here to make that into a producing asset. We haven’t even gotten into VA. This doesn’t include the Postal Service or DOD. We have thousands of properties, buildings sitting idle. This bill starts the process. If you owned property, would you give it to the Federal Government to manage? I always ask groups that. People look at me like I have been smoking marijuana. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. MICA. People look at you like you are dumb. Would you consider giving your property—any of the Members—to the Federal Government to manage? No way, Jose; they would not do it. So this bill has people who really know how to deal and manage real estate look at the properties. We don’t even have an inventory of these properties, as some of this gets beyond the pale. But we will get an inventory, we will get a recommendation, and then hopefully do something, make agencies do something. Bureaucrats will do nothing with those properties. They don’t think. Their brains are not wired to think. They do nothing smart. They are getting their paycheck. They don’t think. So this is the beginning of getting out of the dumb ages into the smart ages, taking those hardearned public assets, the poor person out there who is dogging it, trying to put food on the table, gas in the car, kids in school, and the government is sitting on huge Federal assets doing nothing. Thank you for coming forward with this bill. Let’s get it done. Let’s get it passed. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4465, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2576, TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 897, REDUCING REGULATORY BURDENS ACT OF 2015 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–590) on the resolution (H. Res. 742) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5055, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–591) on the resolution (H. Res. 743) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
PUBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM AND SAVINGS ACT OF 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4487) to reduce costs of Federal real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4487 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016’’. 
DELEGATIONS .—The Secretary shall submit written notification of any approved designations or delegations of any authority provided under this section, including the purposes and scope of such designations or delegations, not within the Federal Protective Service, to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, including the purpose for such designations or delegations, oversight protocols established to ensure compliance with any requirements, including compliance with training requirements, and other specifics regarding such designations and delegations.’’. 
To the extent practicable and when cost effective, the Administrator of General Services shall consider the direct purchase of energy and other utilities in bulk or otherwise for leased facilities. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate justifying the use of 3 lease rental caps per fiscal year and their impacts in the National Capital Region. The Administrator shall also evaluate and make recommendations related to whether the current rental caps adequately provide for maximum competition for build tosuit leased space. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall issue a report examining the feasibility of giving preference to the use of reclaimed refrigerants to service existing equipment of Federal buildings. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4487, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4487, as amended, includes reforms that will reduce the cost of Federal real estate and improve Federal building security. I am pleased to be the sponsor of this important legislation. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIOof the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and our subcommittee Ranking Member CARSON  for working with me on crafting this important legislation. The Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management held a series of hearings, roundtables, and listening sessions to examine the General Services Administration’s lease portfolio. What we found was, within 5 years, half of all GSA leases will expire. To give some perspective on how much space that represents, that is 100 million square feet of space or 32 new World Trade Centers in New York. More than half of GSA’s total real estate inventory is in commercial leased space, costing the taxpayer more than $5.5 billion each year. How we replace these leases has a huge impact on the costs to the taxpayer. For larger leases and projects requiring committee authorization, we have already taken steps to reduce the cost of Federal real estate to the taxpayer. Since last Congress, the committee has worked with GSA to reduce the Federal footprint through consolidating space and improving space utilization. Through those efforts, we have saved the taxpayer more than $3 billion in avoided lease costs. Those are real savings. When we reduce the amount of office space agencies are leasing, it directly reduces the cost to the taxpayer. With the large number of leases expiring in the near future, we now have a ripe opportunity to save even more by negotiating better rental rates and concessions. To take advantage of this opportunity, the Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act establishes a leasing pilot program. This pilot program will 
allow GSA to streamline the leasing process to work through expiring leases more quickly and lock in good deals for the long term. The legislation gives GSA flexible pilot authority to address roadblocks to reducing costs so that space acquisition can be based on the best deal and not on arbitrary factors like unusually high ceiling heights that reduce competition. The legislation could result in a 20 percent reduction in lease costs and save taxpayers more than $500 million annually, without even accounting for savings through reduction in space. The legislation also includes language that will give GSA a better ability, where appropriate, to use publicprivate partnerships to meet space needs, leveraging private dollars to offset costs. In addition to these reforms, H.R. 4487, as amended, includes provisions that will improve building security by clarifying requirements related to the training and accountability of the Federal Protective Service. H.R. 4487, as amended, also includes other provisions that will improve Congress’ oversight of public building projects to ensure building projects make sense and stay within budget and on time. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 23, 2016. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SHUSTER : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 4487, the ‘‘Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016.’’ The bill contains provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Homeland Security will forego action on this bill. The Committee takes this action with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 4487 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. The waiver is also given with the understanding that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference that may be convened on this or any similar legislation, and requests your support for such a request I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4487, and ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 23, 2016. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4487, the Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016. I appreciate your willingness to support expediting the consideration of this legislation on the House Floor. I acknowledge that by waiving consideration of this bill, the Committee on Homeland Security does not waive any future valid jurisdictional claim it may have to provisions in this or similar legislation. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would cooperate as you seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving provisions within this legislation on which the Committee on Homeland Security has demonstrated a valid jurisdictional claim. I will include our letters on H.R. 4487 in the Congressional Record during House floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BARLETTA , Chairman SHUSTER , and Ranking Member DEFAZIO. I rise in support of H.R. 4487, the Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, this bill begins the process of reforming GSA, Public Buildings Service, and the Federal Protective Service. I would like to thank my colleagues, again, for being a partner in developing this very important piece of legislation directing GSA to improve the management of Federal real estate. The GAO has consistently listed the management of Federal real property an area of high risk. The provisions contained in today’s legislation will address many of the concerns that GAO has documented. Specifically, the bill will direct GSA to reform the leasing process and tighten oversight of the construction program. b2000 The centerpiece of this legislation is a 5year pilot program designed to streamline the GSA leasing procurement process. Mr. Speaker, by raising the threshold for simplified lease acquisitions, I believe GSA will be able to reduce their workload on smaller leases and focus their staff on the execution of larger leases that can provide even more savings to taxpayers. While owning is often the most cost effective option for housing Federal agencies, there will also be a need for the Federal Government to lease space. The pilot program, and the GAO reports authorized by this bill, is expected to provide the Committee on Transportation with definitive data about the most efficient way to lease Federal office space. The interim reports on the pilot program and the effectiveness of GSA’s use of commercial brokers will be instructive as to which new authorities Congress should let expire in 5 years and which we should keep. I am also pleased that today’s bill includes several reforms authored in H.R. 1850, the Federal Protective Service Improvement Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, in the aftermath of the 1995 Murrah Building bombing in Oklahoma City, the Department of Justice, or DOJ, assessed the vulnerability of Federal buildings in the United States, particularly related to acts of terrorism and other forms of violence. The Department of Justice made several recommendations, including upgrading the Federal Protective Service and bringing each Federal facility up to higher minimum standards for its security levels. The reforms in today’s legislation include creating a national framework for the 13,000 contract guards who protect Federal buildings, employees, and visitors each and every day. It mandates a minimum level of training for Protective Service Officers, or PSOs, while at the same time providing authority for PSOs to carry firearms and detain suspects accused of a felony on Federal property. As a former police officer, I can’t overstate the importance of a strong training standard for security personnel at every Federal facility across our great Nation. The bill also requires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to study whether it has a sufficient number of law enforcement officers and inspectors necessary to regularly conduct security assessments of Federal facilities. Another provision requires a study of whether FPS’ fee structure is sufficient to fund the strong law enforcement presence needed today. Mr. Speaker, I expect that when these reports are completed, they will help guide the Committee’s efforts to address FPS’ longterm funding and staffing issues. Mr. Speaker, I believe it is critically important that we do everything possible to protect the millions of Federal workers and daily visitors to Federal buildings. With increased oversight and additional legislative authority, I believe the FPS can fulfill its mission. I hope, in closing, that we can continue to work in a bipartisan manner on these matters. I thank the chair and ranking member of the full committee, who both cosponsored and supported this important piece of legislation. Together, we can put forth commonsense reforms that allow both GSA and FPS to be good stewards of our Nation’s public buildings. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ), who is an American icon and legend. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for his overly generous introduction, and I thank my friend from Pennsylvania and my friend from Indiana for this bill. 
This bill, which I strongly support, the Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016, may seem quite technical to those who have heard it described, but I do want to congratulate my friends, the chairman and the ranking member, for a bill that will have great substantive impact on the way that GSA does its business. I particularly appreciate the bipartisan way in which both of them have always performed. I also thank them both for accepting my amendments: one, in keeping with both this bill and the prior bill, for a new, federal footprint here, and a smaller Department of Energy; and then an amendment that is not related to any of this, for lactation space for visitors to Federal buildings. I appreciate the acceptance of an amendment that allows the GSA to sell or exchange the Department of Energy Forrestal Complex that is right in the heart of The Mall area, at 1000 Independence Avenue, in accordance with the socalled Southwest Ecodistrict Plan, which means that all the appropriate planning has been done, given where this location is and how important it is to official Washington. My amendment has two purposes. Because the DOE building is larger than necessary and results in wasteful spending, we now require a smaller footprint. It allows the Cotton Annex, close to the Department of Energy on The Mall, to be sold, and gives the GSA what a developer needs—that is what GSA is, a developer—the flexibility to develop this priceless land and assures that development will occur soon— GSA has to come back by June, and we are almost there—with a process for disposing of the Cotton Annex. I want to thank both gentlemen for agreeing to my amendment that I call the ‘‘motherhood’’ bill. GSA already requires that employees be given lactation space, but we discovered that some employees at the Smithsonian were not getting it. When I called the Smithsonian, they immediately provided the regional space. It is not new space, only existing space for a mother to pump or to nurse a baby, if she is a Federal employee. I simply added visitors and guests to Federal facilities as those that can use this space. The Nation’s capital is a tourist mecca, so there will be some nursing mothers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 3 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, the benefits of breastfeeding are well documented. Children’s immune systems build up. Studies have shown that even risks of asthma, diabetes, and the like are reduced in breastfed babies. There are benefits also to nursing mothers as well. The risk of diabetes and cancer are reduced. This bill isn’t very much related to the important substance of the underlying bill, but the relationship is clear enough. I very much thank my two good friends for accepting these two amendments to the underlying bill. I strongly support the underlying bill this evening. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ZINKE). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4487, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REMEMBERING JUDGE EDMUND V. LUDWIG (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, tonight my constituents back home in Pennsylvania are gathering to remember and celebrate the life of a wonderful citizen. Judge Edmund V. Ludwig will be remembered for his contributions to the community and the courtroom, and for his leadership as a jurist, educator, mentor, and historian. Judge Ludwig died on May 17, 2016, at the age of 87. He will also be remembered for his wit and wisdom. His legal accomplishments include leading the way to improve access to counsel for the poor, reformation of the juvenile system, and improvement to State services for the mentally ill. Judge Ludwig founded many of these organizations and served on several of the boards. His wellknown affinity for history led to the founding in 1955 of the Doylestown Historical Society, where he served as chairman until 2011. The former judge of the Bucks County Court of Common Pleas was appointed in 1985 to the United States District Court by President Ronald Reagan. He was honored with the William J. Brennan Jr. Distinguished Jurist Award by the Philadelphia Bar Association in 2005. Judge Ludwig’s life of service is imprinted in the history of Bucks County, Pennsylvania. 
COMBATING THE ZIKA VIRUS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is certainly time for Congress to do its job. Just last week we were briefed by the Centers for Disease Control regarding the Zika virus. Earlier today in my congressional district in Houston, one of the infectious disease specialists called Houston and the Gulf region the epicenter of the Zika virus. It is well known that treatment for any child that is infected will cost $10 million. Frankly, the brain is literally destroyed by the virus. So the deformity is the fact that there is no brain functioning in these children. This map indicates the whole Gulf region. That is clearly in the eye of the storm. This map indicates that Houston, among other big cities, is number one as it relates to the Zika virus. So my call today is for us to fully fund the President’s emergency supplemental. This is a picture of the mosquito causing these impacts. We discussed today a task force, which I created in my district. Finally, just to leave this information, this is the mosquito. Use DEET. This is a serious matter. We need full funding to combat the Zika virus and save lives. f 
COMMENDING PENN STATE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last Friday I visited Penn State University for their annual Energy Days program—focused efforts in research and education involving America’s energy sectors. As many people from Pennsylvania know, the university was founded as one of our Nation’s first colleges of agricultural science. Now under the leadership of Penn State President Eric Barron, the university is taking strides to become known as the energy university. Courses of study are already being offered that prepare students for careers in the Marcellus Shale industry, many of which offer a starting wage that can support a family. I applaud the efforts of Penn State in striving to meet the needs of our energy sector, combining expertise in energyrelated research, teaching, and service with contributions from leaders in the energy industries. The new initiative will greatly expand efforts in energy policy, fossil fuels, renewable energy, systems and technology, and environmental impact. More importantly, those efforts will be expanded across the State at the university’s 24 campuses. Our energy industries, such as coal, natural gas, and oil, are vital to the history, heritage, and future of Pennsylvania. 
ISIS MURDERS CHRISTIAN GIRL (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, last week, ISIS terrorists came to the house of a Christian family in Iraq to collect the religious tax imposed on all nonMuslims. 
ISIS told the mother of the home: You have two choices. You are to leave now or you are to pay the tax. The mother pled: I will pay, but give me a few seconds because my daughter is in the shower. But the ISIS terrorists did not wait. Instead, they set fire to the house. The mother, clutching a small child, escaped. But the girl was trapped in the burning home. Later, she was found. She had such severe burns, she died in her mother’s arms. The last thing she said to her mother was: Forgive them. The girl is a better person than most of us. From beheading to burning little Christian girls alive, ISIS’ evil genocide knows no bounds. ISIS murders in the name of religious jihad. Will we allow this evil to continue? Or shall all religions unite and hold ISIS accountable? We must stop ISIS’ malicious murder of the innocent. Justice demands it. And, Mr. Speaker, justice is what we are supposed to do. And that is just the way it is. 
b2015 DEMOCRACY IN CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) is recognized for half of the remaining time until 10 p.m. as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, it is once again an honor and a privilege to stand on the floor of the House of Representatives to help anchor the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour, this hour of power, where, for the next 60 minutes, members of the Congressional Black Caucus have the opportunity to speak directly to the American people on an issue of great significance. Today’s Special Order hour topic is Democracy in Crisis: The Reckless, Republican Assault on the Right to Vote in America. It is with great dismay that many of us come to the House floor today to speak to an issue of significance to the American people and our democracy. There is nothing more sacred to the integrity of the democratic process than the right to vote. There are people throughout the years who died trying to secure the ability to participate in the franchise to help execute upon that great American promise of a government of the people, by the people, and for the people, to vote for those individuals who would represent them at the city, State or Federal level, regardless of race or religion, ethnicity, immigration status. While we undeniably have made tremendous progress in America, clearly there has been an effort by some, unfortunately, led, in part, by people on the other side of the aisle, to stop something so fundamentally American as the unfettered right to participate in our democracy by voting. Today we are going to explore some of the history connected to the Voting Rights Act of 1965, widely regarded as one of the most significant pieces of legislation ever enacted by this august body. Of course, we know that, in 2013, in the Shelby County v. Holder decision, the Supreme Court effectively gutted section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, widely known as the preclearance provision, in a manner that has adversely impacted the ability of voting rights advocates and others to protect the ability of people to participate without obstacle or obstruction. It is my honor, as one of the anchors of the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order, to join in that responsibility with my coanchor, who, from the moment which she arrived in the Congress, has been a tremendous force for the district that she represents, a voice for the voiceless, someone who is both fierce in her beliefs, but willing to reach out to others across the aisle in order to get things done on behalf of the American people. It is now my honor and my privilege to yield to my distinguished colleague from Ohio, Representative JOYCE  BEATTY . Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise this evening proud to stand with my coanchor, my classmate, the gentleman from the Eighth Congressional District of New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). I say to the gentleman that I look forward to tonight’s Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, Congressman JEFFRIES  and I, along with our colleagues from the Congressional Black Caucus, will have scholarly debate on how our democracy is in crises because of the assault on the right to vote in America. As we just heard from Mr. JEFFRIES  and we will hear from others, voting is the voice of the people. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 passed with bipartisan support, established strong Federal protections for the freedom to vote, banning or limiting many of the discriminatory election policies and practices of the Jim Crow South. Combined with subsequent legislation such as the National Voter Registration Act, which requires State agencies to provide opportunities for voter registration, the Voting Rights Act has helped our Nation make significant progress in boosting voting for African Americans and other historically marginalized groups. But we find ourselves, Mr. Speaker, today facing our first Presidential election in 50 years without the full protection of the Voting Rights Act. As Mr. JEFFRIES referenced in Shelby, the Supreme Court decision reversed over 50 years of progress made to expand access to the voting booth and opened a pathway to new voting laws that discriminate against African American voters. As a result of Shelby, new voting restrictions have been put in place in 22 States, 18 of them, Mr. Speaker, Republicanled since 2010, making it harder for millions of Americans to exercise their right to vote. The way States have been able to reduce the voting power of minority communities and put in place new voting restrictions in an effort to make it harder for millions of Americans to vote is appalling. Mr. Speaker, our democracy is in crisis. Our right to vote is under assault. Mr. Speaker, why would we want to make it harder for Americans to vote? I believe we should be making it easier for Americans to have access to the ballot box. But, apparently, some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle do not agree. We need to put forth a vote on the Voting Rights Act now. New laws range from strict photo ID requirements to early voting cutbacks, to registration restriction. Among these 16 States with new voting restrictions is my home State of Ohio. In Ohio, in 2014, lawmakers cut 6 days of early voting and eliminated the golden week, during which voters could register and cast a ballot all in one trip, Mr. Speaker. Of course, Ohio is not alone in its efforts to make it harder for Americans to vote. Mr. Speaker, the freedom to vote is one of America’s most constitutionally guaranteed rights, and it should be easily accessible to those who want to exercise it. That is why I am honored this Congress to serve as the deputy vice chair of the newly created Congressional Voting Rights Caucus, a caucus dedicated to protecting our democracy by ensuring the fundamental right to vote is safeguarded for all Americans. However, after a longstanding tradition of bipartisanship on voting protections, House Republicans now refuse to bring either bill to the floor for a vote. This is unthinkable, Mr. Speaker. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 has been reauthorized with bipartisan support five times. Congress has a duty to ensure elections are free and transparent so that all eligible voters feel comfortable and welcome. I would echo President Obama’s February 13, 2013, statement on the Voting Rights Act, and let me quote: ‘‘We must all do our part to make sure our Godgiven rights are protected . . . That includes one of the most fundamental right of a democracy: the right to vote. When any American, no matter where they live or what their party, are denied that right . . . we are betraying our ideals.’’ There are 168 days until the Presidential election, and our democracy 
still has far too many missing voices, particularly among those who are already at a disadvantage due to deeply rooted racial and class barriers in our society. We must ensure that voter suppression is not the new normal. In order to have a truly vibrant democracy, the United States must take steps to ensure inclusive voting by reducing barriers to voting. Efforts to suppress voting turnout undermine democracy, and those efforts, Mr. Speaker, are on the wrong side of history. As I close, Mr. Speaker, the time is now. I am calling on all people, including our community and national leaders, to join me in working to eliminate voter suppression and to restore what so many people fought for, marched for, died for. Mr. Speaker, that is the Voting Rights Act. Human rights organizations like the NAACP and the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights have been at the forefront of these issues along with my colleagues, members of the Congressional Black Caucus, encouraging and training poll workers and poll protectors. It is up to all of us, Mr. Speaker, to protect the most at risk among us and to expand opportunity for all. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distinguished gentlewoman for making several extremely important observations about the urgency of restoring the Voting Rights Act, of Congress voting up or down. All we are asking for is for Members of this House to act on bipartisan legislation that has been introduced in this Congress that would respond to the Supreme Court’s decision, adopt a new coverage formula, and allow us to move forward in advance of this consequential Presidential election with a system that we can all be confident in will fairly allow everyone who wants to vote the opportunity to vote. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and my privilege to yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ), chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, someone who had a distinguished record prior to his service in the House as a jurist on the bench as a civil rights lawyer in North Carolina and has continued his fight here on the floor of the House of Representatives for the last 10 years on behalf of fairness, justice, and equality, particularly in his capacity as chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. I thank the gentleman for yielding time this evening, and I thank him for his incredible work not just in the Congressional Black Caucus, but on behalf of the people that he represents in that great borough of Brooklyn, New York. And I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) for all the work that she does. She is an incredible leader in this Congress, and we appreciate her so very much. I want to thank my colleagues for selecting the topic for discussion tonight. It is certainly an appropriate topic. There are so many of us who have been working on enforcement and extension of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. They are too numerous to mention, but I will certainly single out Congressman JOHNLEWIS, Congresswoman T ERRI SEWELL , Congressman Mark Veasey, Congressman JOHN CONYERS , Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE, and so many others, who have just worked tirelessly to enforce the right to vote not just for African Americans, but for all Americans. b2030 Mr. Speaker, on August 6, 1965—and I remember it so very well; it was a few days after I had graduated from high school—this Congress, this House of Representatives where we are seated tonight, and the Senate, which is just a few steps down the hall, together passed the Voting Rights Act. This act was signed by the President of the United States immediately, and it has had a profound impact on empowering African American communities all across the country to participate in the electoral process. Prior to the Voting Rights Act, it was a sad state of affairs, Mr. JEFFRIES , in North Carolina, in South Carolina, and in Alabama. It was a very sad state of affairs. In order to register to vote, one had to be able to read and to write. But not just that. They had to be able to satisfy a registrar. In all cases, it was a White registrar. African American citizens had to satisfy a registrar who, in many cases, discriminated that he or she was competent and able to be able to read and to write; and, in most instances, those wouldbe voters were denied the right to vote. In addition to that, laws were passed all across the South that disenfranchised minority groups. Redistricting schemes were drawn to disenfranchise, atlarge elections and staggered terms and all of the rest. So there was a necessity—a necessity—Congressman, for the Voting Rights Act. It was just not a good idea; it was actually a necessity in order to enforce the right to vote. Congress enacted this tool, and it has been very effective. One of the most effective parts of the Voting Rights Act—there are many parts of the Voting Rights Act. Section 2 is that part that gives minority communities the right to bring lawsuits, and that applies to every county in the United States. It is a permanent law. It is on the books permanently. It also eliminated the literacy tests. But there is another provision that kind of goes unnoticed from time to time, and it is called section 5. Section 5 is an oversight provision. It gives the Federal Government the right to preclear election changes before they go into effect to determine whether or not these changes would have a discriminatory result in their community. Section 5, Mr. Speaker, does not apply to every county in America. Section 5 only applies to certain States that had a long history of voter discrimination. In my State, for example, North Carolina, the whole State was not included under section 5. Only 40 counties were included for preclearance. So it has been a good law, and it has worked quite well. As the previous speaker said, it has been extended from time to time. But, Mr. Speaker, on June 25, 2013, the Supreme Court ruled that section 5—first of all, the Supreme Court ruled that section 5 is a proper exercise of legislative authority. But the Supreme Court surprised us. It determined that the formula used to determine which counties or which States should be subject to section 5 is outdated. The Court suggested that it needed fixing. So the Court called on us here in this Congress to fix it, and the Congressional Black Caucus has been fighting every day since that Court decision to try to put together a bipartisan agreement to fix the formula. No one in this Congress has worked harder than Congresswoman TERRI SEWELL of Alabama. Her bill is now pending before this House, and we need to fix the formula, and we need to do it now. When you look at the 2013 discriminatory election law changes and the 2011 legislative and congressional redistricting, you must conclude—anyone must conclude—that there is a concerted effort in many parts of the country to disenfranchise particular groups of voters from participating in the process. The absence of section 5 protection allows States—allows States, my State included—to pass discriminatory laws that disenfranchise African American voters and other groups. We have seen these laws enacted in State after State all across the country. On July 25, 2013, Mr. JEFFRIES , the North Carolina General Assembly passed—now, remember, the Supreme Court decision was June 25, 2013—30 days later. I don’t know why they didn’t do it 30 days earlier. Well, I do know why, and that is because there was a section 5. But after section 5 was suspended by the Supreme Court, 30 days later, the general assembly passed a sweeping voting law that discriminates not only against African Americans, but other minority groups. It discriminates against students and seniors. This law has also cut back on early voting. That is a big deal in our communities. It cut back on early voting by a week and barred sameday voter registration. The law went into effect upon passage, and there is no oversight in section 5 to protect us. This is disappointing. This law is regressive and absolutely disgusting. We have to let our State lawmakers know that our voices matter and that all citizens—all citizens—in this country should be able to participate in democracy through unfettered access to the ballot box. 
So, in closing, the Congressional Black Caucus, of which I am honored to chair, vows to continue our fight to restore section 5 of the Voting Rights Act to stop the assault on access to the ballot box because every citizen deserves the right to vote. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus for his eloquent words and for explaining the practical realities of the Supreme Court’s decision to strike down the coverage formula and effectively invalidate section 5 and the implications that that has had on people all across the country, in North Carolina and beyond. I also note that the Voting Rights Act in section 5 and the coverage formula in section 4, upon passage in 1965, didn’t just impact States in the South. There are five counties in New York City that constitute the Big Apple, and three of those counties in the Bronx, Manhattan, and Brooklyn, were covered by section 5. We recognize that there had been challenges all across the country with respect to the right to vote, and many of us, even beyond the South, have now lost that critical protection. That is why it is time for Congress to act. I thank the chairman for his continued leadership. It is now my honor to yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from the great State of Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). She has been a tremendous proponent of the right to vote. We were all in awe of her leadership last year when we were down in Selma, Alabama, to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday and are thankful for all that she continues to do to uphold that great American tradition that sprang forth from that small city down in Alabama where the distinguished gentlewoman hails from. She currently is a sponsor—the lead sponsor—of the Voting Rights Advancement Act, which would fix the problem that the Supreme Court created. It is now my honor to yield to Representative TERRI SEWELL . Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend my distinguished colleague from New York and my distinguished colleague, the gentlewoman from Ohio, for this wonderful hour of power on voting. It is my great honor to stand with them, to rise today and to join with my CBC colleagues to discuss the reckless Republican assault on the right to vote in America. We began tonight by bringing attention to the everevolving crisis brewing in our democracy. Since the Supreme Court in the Shelby decision gutted the preclearance provision of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, there has been nothing short of an assault on the right to vote—the most sacred right to vote. This 2016 election will be the first time in my lifetime and, I daresay, in the lifetime of the gentleman from New York, that we will have a Presidential election in which there will not be the full protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. As the gentleman so rightly acknowledged, I welcomed, in 2015, 100 Members of Congress, both Republican and Democratic, to my hometown of Selma, Alabama, in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the historic Bloody Sunday march from Selma to Montgomery, where people shed blood and tears. Our own colleague, JOHNLEWIS, was bludgeoned on that bridge, the Edmund Pettus Bridge, 50some years ago in order to have the right to vote for all Americans. On that day, Republicans and Democrats held hands as we crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge one more time, as JOHNLEWIS likes to say, this time on the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. We all had a Kumbaya moment, if you will, but we came back to Congress and did nothing to try to restore the Voting Rights Act of 1965. I ask my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, have we really gone so far in the last 10 years? After all, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was amended and reauthorized five times, most recently in 2006 under a Republican President, President George Bush, who was with us on that glorious day on the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery march to make sure that his support for the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was there. So I say to you, in 10 years since 2006 when we reauthorized the Voting Rights Act of 1965, overwhelmingly, in both Houses of Congress—overwhelmingly—we reauthorized the Voting Rights Act for 25 years. Had it not been for the Shelby decision which gutted section 5, which provided that preclearance formula, and made the full protections of the Voting Rights Act null and void, we would still be living under a regime where, as the gentleman so rightfully said, it was not only the Deep South States that were part of the coverage formula, but New York was part of the coverage formula as well. So the Supreme Court, in the Shelby decision, really issued a challenge to Congress to come up with a modern day formula. The challenge was that we shouldn’t hold States like Alabama and the Deep South for past discriminations that were so long ago, back in the 1950s and the 1960s and the 1940s, but, rather, we should come up with a modernday formula. The Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015 does just that. I was privileged to introduce that bill along with my colleagues LINDA SA´NCHEZ and J UDY CHU; and Senator L EAHY , on the Senate side, introduced that bill. It has a lookback not since the 1950s or 1960s, but it has a lookback of 25 years, since 1990 going forward. It says that if there have been five violations, statewide violations, that a State would be, then, opted in to preclearance if they had five. Do you know, Mr. Speaker, that not 1, but 13 States have had violations of voting discrimination over the last 25 years? Those States include California, New York, Arizona, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Florida. Thirteen States would actually fall under the rubric. I think that it is really telling that we, in 2016, saw such long lines wrapped around Maricopa County, Arizona, most recently in March, during their Presidential election primary in March. Do you know why? Because Maricopa County used to be covered under the coverage formula for the 1965 Voting Rights Act; and since it no longer has any teeth and has been gutted, they could summarily close down polling stations. It shouldn’t surprise you, Mr. Speaker, that in 2008, Maricopa County had 800 polling stations, in 2012 it went down to 400 polling stations, and for 2016, 60 polling stations—and those 60 polling stations covered the whole county of Maricopa County, Phoenix, Arizona. It was clearly not enough to get all of the folks who wanted to vote to be able to vote. They could close down those polling stations without any advance notification because there was no more Voting Rights Act of 1965. My own State of Alabama was one of those States that, after the Shelby decision, decided to institute a photo ID law. So many of my constituents came up to me and said: We need a photo ID to get on the plane these days. We need a photo ID to get a passport. Why shouldn’t we need a photo? How is that in some way discriminatory? I had to remind many of our constituents that so many of our elderly, especially in the rural communities that I represent, many of whom were born by midwives, don’t have birth certificates and can’t actually readily prove a birth certificate in order to get a photo ID law. Some seniors and those who are disabled, like my father who no longer drives, therefore, he doesn’t have a driver’s license. He was a nine time stroke victim—actually, a survivor. He is still with us today. But my dad was determined to get that photo ID in 2014 when Alabama’s law came into effect. He was highly motivated, Mr. Speaker, because his daughter’s name was on a ballot, and he wanted to be able to vote. I want you to know that it took my dad 5 hours to get a photo ID. Now, if that is not a barrier—you say to yourself: Five hours. Why would it take 5 hours? Well, Dallas County Courthouse is a courthouse that actually was grandfathered into the ADA laws and so did not have to have a ramp by which people who have wheelchairs can get readily into the courthouse. It had been grandfathered in. We were very blessed to have a gentleman help us get my dad up those seven stairs into the courthouse. But when we got into the courthouse, because the voter registration was on the second floor, we had to take an elevator upstairs. b2045 Lo and behold, that particular day, the one elevator bank was what? 
Actually out of service. Out of service. Now, my mom, having been a former member of the City Council in Selma and, obviously, a very wellknown member of the citizens of Selma, she could go across the hall and talk to the probate judge’s office and say: Look, we are here today to get this photo ID, this nondriving photo voter ID, so that my husband can vote. It took 1
1⁄2hours, but they got someone to service that elevator. And by the time that elevator was working and we got up to the second floor, lo and behold, it was 11:30. And guess what? Lunchtime. Now, I say to you, Mr. Speaker, we no longer have to count how many marbles are in a jar, we no longer have to recite all 67 counties in the State of Alabama in order to get a voter registration card, but we should not in America have to go through so many hoops in order to exercise the most fundamental right, the most sacred right of our democracy—the right to vote. And I say to you, Mr. Speaker, that any denial of access to the ballot box, to me, totally obfuscates and really undermines the integrity of the electoral process. If one person who wants to go out and vote has to stand in line for hours upon hours and can’t actually physically stand in line because they have other obligations like children and day care and jobs, then it is unfair. We are actually limiting access to the ballot box, which actually goes to the integrity of our electoral process. It is fundamental to our democracy. So I say to you tonight, I am honored to join my CBC colleagues as we fight for the opportunity of all Americans to have equal access to the ballot box. Mr. Speaker, my State of Alabama, after having a photo ID requirement and during the State budgetary process, had the gall to actually decide to close down 30 Department of Motor Vehicle offices, which, as all of us know, the most popular form of photo ID is a driver’s license. So to actually require a citizen to have a photo ID and then to close down DMV offices in rural parts of my district in the State of Alabama was really unconscionable. Mr. JEFFRIES. Isn’t it the case that a disproportionately high number of those DMV offices that the State of Alabama just happened to decide to close were in predominantly African American parts of the State of Alabama? Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. They were. Those DMV offices, as the gentleman from New York so aptly recited, were mostly located in heavily African American parts of the State of Alabama, but they were also predominantly rural parts of the State of Alabama. Those same areas have a hard time having transportation, public transportation, to get around in those areas. They said, of course, that the reason why they were closing down these DMV offices had nothing to do with voting, of course, but had to do with the fact that there were serious budgetary restraints. Obviously, one of the consequences of the closures of those DMV offices was to limit access to those people getting photo IDs, the most popular form of photo ID, which is a driver’s license, and, therefore, limiting their ability to go vote. I did speak with our Governor, and he did open up those DMV offices on a limited basis, but only on a limited basis. And I say to you that it is unacceptable in America to have any limitations on the right to vote. I really ask all of my colleagues, especially those who have come to Selma over the years with JOHN LEWIS on these pilgrimages, to really search deep in their hearts. If they are really about access to the ballot box and being able to make sure that all Americans have an opportunity to exercise this fundamental right, then why would we not make it easier for people to vote? Instead of going the way of Alabama and having these photo ID laws, it seems to me that all of us should be adopting laws like the State of Oregon, which has mailin ballots and sameday registration. There are ways that we can make it much easier for every American to exercise that most fundamental right to vote. So tonight I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join in with the 168 cosponsors of the Voting Rights Advancement Act, and join us in this fight to make sure that we do a modernday formula, a modernday formula, with a look back, since 1990 going forward, to look at whether or not there have been discriminatory acts that have limited people’s access to the ballot box. I also ask my colleagues to join us every Tuesday that we are in session. We have declared it to be Restoration Tuesday. And on those Tuesdays, since Tuesdays are the days that we vote, we go to the well of the floor, and we talk about why it is important to restore the vote. So I want to thank my colleagues, the gentleman from New York and the gentlewoman from Ohio, for leading us in this charge tonight. I hope that it will spill over to tomorrow, which is Restoration Tuesday, where we can really talk about the modernday examples of people being denied access to the ballot box because of people’s inability to actually get the credentials that people require them to have, or because they have to work late. They don’t have the ability to be able to drop everything and go and vote and stand in long lines if those polling stations have been closed. I say all this to say that it is really imperative, I think, that we put real action behind our talk. We do a lot of talking about our democracy and upholding our Constitution. This is an opportunity for this august body to actually do something about it. In closing, I want to quote one of our Republican colleagues, who has been in this fight for a very long time, Republican Congressman SENSENBRENNER  from Wisconsin, who I think really best summed it up when he wrote in an op ed in the New York Times after witnessing those long lines in Maricopa County, Arizona, the following: ‘‘Ensuring that every eligible voter can cast a ballot without fear, deterrence, and prejudice is a basic American right. I would rather lose my job than suppress votes to keep it.’’ I have to repeat that. ‘‘I would rather lose my job than suppress votes to keep it.’’ My Republican colleague went on to say: ‘‘Our credibility as elected officials depends on the fairness of our elections.’’ Mr. Speaker, voting rights transcend partisan agendas. It really solidifies that equality in voting is the Democratic way. I ask my colleagues to join all of us in this fight, this fight for our democracy. This crisis that we are in is a crisis that we can fix in Congress by coming up with a modernday formula. We already have several bills in the House. Congressmen SENSENBRENNER  and CONYERS introduced the Voting Rights Amendment Act. I have introduced the Voting Rights Advancement Act. There are several bills—two bills, in fact—that would actually come up with a modernday formula. I dare this august body to actually act on one. I am here to tell you that the American people will be stronger, and this Republic will be stronger, because of it. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Alabama, my good friend, TERRI SEWELL , for a very compelling, comprehensive, and complete analysis of the situation that we find ourselves in in the practical consequences of the Supreme Court’s decision. And the fact that there are people all across this country, in Alabama, and in other parts of this great Republic, who are determined to elevate themselves by suppressing the ability of others to participate in the Democratic process, that is a shame, it is a stain on our democracy, and it is time for this Congress to act. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ), my classmate and good friend, who himself has been championing the issue of fair redistricting, who has personally been impacted in terms of his capacity as a representative, to make sure that lines are fairly drawn, and most recently has announced the formulation of the Voting Rights Caucus here in the Congress. He has been a tremendous leader in this area. A great Member of the House of Representatives. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES from New York and Congresswoman JOYCE  BEATTY from Ohio for everything that they are doing on raising this issue tonight. It is very timely, considering everything that we are going through 
right now. When you think about the Voting Rights Act, it is literally the single most important piece of legislation that has ever been passed in the history of the United States as it deals with an individual’s right to vote. But as you know, 3 years ago, the Supreme Court regressed and sent us back by gutting section 4 of the Voting Rights Act. Not only was that bad because it hurt the Voting Rights Act, but it was also bad because of everything that it did to propel States around the country from also retrogressing and sending us back in the area of voting rights. You are starting to hear so many stories of States and localities that are passing more and more laws to restrict the right to vote, making it harder for young people to vote—seniors, the disabled, people that move around a lot and are transient, people that don’t necessarily have the money that they need in order to obtain the proper identification. And you heard Congresswoman SEWELL when she so eloquently talked about the fact that oftentimes, particularly in the South, people were born by midwives. We have a lot of baby boomers that are out there. People think these things happened a long time ago. That is the thing that you hear all the time. But there are people that are living here today, a lot of baby boomers, that were born down in the piney woods of east Texas, that were born in other parts of the South, that don’t have the proper documentation that they need in order to be able to vote. I have met people since I have been involved in campaigns and elections and as an elected official that didn’t have the proper ID to vote. I have to tell you that there are many of them out there. Just hours after the Supreme Court made the decision in 2013 that my home State of Texas implemented the most egregious voter ID law in the entire country, just hours after the Supreme Court gutted section 4, they moved to reimplement the law. That was very disappointing, considering that an appeals court had already said that the voter ID law in Texas was one of the worst in the country. Mr. JEFFRIES. Isn’t it a fact that the case as it relates to that particular ID law in Texas, that individuals are able to vote if they have a gun license identification card, but are not able to vote under that draconian Texas law with a college ID? Mr. VEASEY. That is correct. If you have an ID that is issued to you by the University of Texas, or Texas A&M, or Prairie View A&M University, that same ID, that same student ID that can be used to identify yourself to campus police officers, that can be used to identify yourself for other things that you would need an ID for, it will not work in order for you to go and vote. But if you have a concealed handgun license, then you can vote. Concealed handgun licenses are mostly used by White males in the State. It is really unfair that a more diverse form of ID, like the student ID, is not allowed under Texas laws. That was one of the reasons why I became the lead plaintiff on the voter ID lawsuit, Congressman JEFFRIES . It is Veasey v. Abbott. We are going to continue to fight. We just got news today that the Fifth Circuit Court is going to take up our case. I am going to continue to work here in Congress, continue to work in Texas, continue to work in the DallasFort Worth area to protect the voting rights of individuals that have been wronged. I also want to point out that, again, you oftentimes hear people say that we have progressed as a country and we don’t need these laws. But when you look at what is going on in Texas and when you look at what is going on across the South, I just think we can’t sit back anymore. We can’t sit back and be idle and say: Oh, no, well, we are doing a little bit better, so these people that are going to be discriminated against—the transients, the college students, the people that don’t necessarily have their birth documentation in order like other people may have—we just can’t sit back and say we are going to just move on and forget about them. We have to fight for those individuals as well because it is their right to vote, and we must protect it. In 2016, I just think we should be making it easier for citizens to vote. We should be talking about things like sameday registration. We should be working together, Democrats and Republicans, on ways to ease lines when it comes to voting in places. We should be looking at ways that we can make it to where we have more days to vote early. You are starting to hear about laws around the country to scale back the number of inperson early voting days. I just think that is wrong. Again, I want to thank you for your leadership on this issue. I also want to thank you for pointing out that I have introduced the first Congressional Voting Rights Caucus to help aid and fight in the battle, along with so many other task forces and organizations that are here in Congress that are working on those issues. b2100 We want to continue to make sure together again—and we need to do it in a bipartisan manner—that we all protect the right to vote. I thank the gentleman and the Congresswoman from Ohio, Representative BEATTY , for their work and passion on this issue. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank my good friend for his leadership on this very important issue and for the steps that he has taken both here in Congress, with the initiation of the Voting Rights Caucus, as well as down in Texas as the lead plaintiff in the Veasey v. Abbott lawsuit to challenge the voter ID requirements—the draconian requirements—that have been imposed by the State of Texas. It should shock the conscience of every American that a State would impose a restriction that allows licensed gun owners to vote who disproportionately happen to be of a certain demographic—white male—but would deny the legitimacy of IDs that the State of Texas itself issues. Texas A&M, the University of Texas at Austin, the University of Houston, and other institutions are all public universities, and these individuals— these students—pay tuition to go to these public universities, and, in response, they are issued identification vehicles, identification cards, but the State of Texas has seen fit to say that that is not valid in order to vote. I think that one example—and we have heard several others—basically exposes the fact that the movement to impose voter identification requirements is fraud in itself. It is a sham. The whole argument behind it is that: We are trying to protect the integrity of the voting system. But here is the problem: you are protecting the integrity of the voting system by imposing a solution in search of a problem because none of these individuals in any of these States has been able to produce a scintilla of evidence of fraud. In fact, there are studies that have shown that there have been over a billion instances of Americans exercising their right to vote without any evidence of misrepresentation—over a billion times. The number of instances of questionable voting is less than 50; yet, in State after State, we see voter identification laws being imposed on the people. It is not designed to protect the integrity of anything. It is designed to protect certain individuals and maintain their power in the face of troubling demographic changes that are occurring in America. Let’s call it like it is. Let me ask the Chair how much time we have remaining in this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, let me now yield to someone who has been a tremendous champion from the great State of Texas in representing her people in Houston and is a phenomenal member of the Judiciary Committee, Representative SHEILA JACKSON LEE. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank the distinguished gentleman from New York, who shows that the issues of voter empowerment are nationwide. Let me also thank the gentlewoman from Ohio, who has been steadfast on important issues that deal with the empowerment of all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I note that my colleague from Texas made his presentation, Congressman VEASEY , who everyone knows was the plaintiff in Texas for the voter ID law. I wanted to come this evening very briefly to, one, submit a full statement 
into the R ECORD and to make this point. And let me read the headline or the topic again: Democracy in Crisis: The Reckless Republican Assault on the Right to Vote in America. It did not have to be, for it is evident that we have dealt with voter empowerment in a bipartisan way. It is the very difficult journey that Lyndon Baines Johnson took in 1965 after the foot soldiers and Dr. Martin Luther King and others made their momentous march and statement, including a letter from a Birmingham jail that captured the history or the sentiment and the movement of the civil rights movement in the very basic words: Injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. With that power behind him, he was able to frame the Voting Rights Act in a bipartisan manner with Republicans from the North and with whom we used to call Dixiecrats from the South. It can be done. Then, in 2006 and 2007, I was privileged to have another Texan, George W. Bush, as a member of the House Judiciary Committee, after 15,000 pages of testimony with a Republican chairman, and we went and passed a vote reauthorization of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Let me close with these points about the pointedness, Mr. JEFFRIES , of what voting power actually means. What it means is that we would not have the North Carolina set of voting laws, if you will, that cut Sunday voting or early voting. It had one of the most horrific voter ID laws. We would not have the Texas voter ID law that disenfranchised thousands upon thousands of Hispanics because of no DPS officers—Department of Public Safety officers—in their locations. We would not have an attempt to cut billions of dollars from food stamps and an attempt to cut trillions of dollars from education for our children and the status that we are in right now of trying to seek the full funding of the President’s emergency funding of $1.9 billion for the Zika virus. This is what ‘‘voting power’’ means. Finally, after the Supreme Court instructed the Congress or told the Congress that we needed to have a new bill, we would not have the predicament we are in now. We need voting power, and that is what voting rights are all about. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES (D–NY) and Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY (D–OH) who are anchoring this Special Order on Democracy in America and the Reckless Assault on Minority Voting Rights. I thank all of my colleagues on the Congressional Black Caucus for their leadership on fighting back against voter suppression and holding this important special order to discuss what we can do to protect our voices and democracy. I applaud my colleagues here today for their commitment to being the change that we all wish to see in America—today and for generations to come. I also want to thank my colleague from Texas, Mr. VEASEY for his leadership in forming the Voting Rights Caucus. As a Vice Co Chair, I look forward to working with the Members of this new Caucus and my colleagues of the CBC Voting Rights Task Force as we continue in this movement to elevate our voices and rights as citizens that we have long fought for and earned. We are at a pivotal time to protect and embrace the power that we hold in restoring and maintaining our democracy. The 2016 election season is already in full swing. As voters in a number of states face new restrictions for the first time in a presidential election, we’ve already seen problems in primaries across the country. A new photo ID requirement led to long lines in Wisconsin. A reduction in polling places forced some to wait five hours to vote in Arizona. New rules created confusion in North Carolina. And in my home state of Texas, last minute changes to polling locations in Harris County resulted in long lines, confusion and for some, the inability to vote. The challenge of voting in fewer polling locations without adequate notice, along with the implementation of longcontested voter ID law changes, created unnecessary and burdensome obstacles for voters in a county that is home to more minorities and nonEnglish speaking residents than that of greater state of Texas or the nation. In a county that ranks third in the nation in terms of population, critical changes impacting the ability of individuals to exercise their right to vote must be reviewed to ensure that any violation of federal law is addressed and corrected. This could be an early glimpse of problems in November—as voters face the first presidential election in 50 years without the full protections of the Voting Rights Act, which was designed to prevent discrimination in voting. In 2016, 17 states will have restrictive voting laws in effect for the first time in a presidential election. Restrictions in most of these 17 were passed before this year. The new measures range from strict photo ID requirements to early voting cutbacks to registration restrictions. Those 17 states are: Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Indiana, Kansas, Mississippi, Nebraska, New Hampshire, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and Wisconsin. We cannot afford to turn back the clock—we must continue to forge ahead and push back against these egregious and painful laws. The Voting Rights Act is still needed. Let me put it this way: in the same way that the vaccine invented by Dr. Jonas Salk in 1953 eradicated the crippling effects but could not eliminate the cause of polio, the Voting Rights Act succeeded in stymying the practices that resulted in the wholesale disenfranchisement of African Americans and language minorities but did not eliminate entirely. Or as Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg stated in her dissent of the Court’s ruling: 
Throwing out preclearance when it has worked and is continuing to work to stop discriminatory changes is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet. As stated by my predecessor, Barbara Jordan, a civil rights and voting rights icon and a woman of many firsts—I know that perhaps the greatest and most important battle to be fought is on behalf of the right to vote, the most precious right of all because it is a preservative and passage of all other rights. We must be vigilant in this movement to elevate our voices and rights as citizens that we have long fought for and earned. Fifty years ago, America was preparing for the first national election following passage of the Voting Rights Act—the crucial legislation for which Martin Luther King, Jr. and civil rights activists toiled for years. Today, we’re preparing for our first election in half a century in which these essential voter protections will not be available. Voting rights were ascendant in 1966— today voter suppression tactics are spreading throughout the nation. Congress was increasingly an ally in 1966— now in 2016, it’s conspicuously absent. Regressive state voter suppression laws— including Voter ID laws, Voter caging, elimination of polling places, elimination of early or Sunday voting, refusal to locate sites in lowincome areas, lastminute changes to polling locations—are the clear culprits. In the immediate aftermath of the Supreme Court’s disastrous Shelby ruling—which eliminated the requirement that areas with histories of discrimination receive preclearance for any changes to voting laws—there was hope that Congress would act to mitigate the damage. But those hopes have been diminished. There has been no Congressional action to repair the VRA to date. At face value, a voter ID law might not look as egregious as a poll tax. But, considering the hurdles that they present—including the need to procure a birth certificate or visit a faraway DMV during severelylimited operating hours—the obstacles are comparable. These laws are especially prohibitive for elderly or lowincome people who have difficulty traveling. Recent studies reveal that state voter suppression could stop approximately 1.3 million from voting in competitive election states. Thirtysix states have promulgated new laws that disproportionately impact minority citizens in response to fabricated issue of ‘‘voter impersonation.’’ Sixteen of these states will see their plans go into effect for the first time in the 2016 elections. An analysis by Nate Silver for the New York Times shows that these laws can decrease turnout by between 0.8 and 2.4 percent—a potentially decisive amount in highly competitive elections. As The Nation’s Ari Berman and others have methodically reported, the efforts to suppress votes through Voter ID laws, the purging of voter rolls, and the elimination of polling places are already having their impacts. The 2016 primaries have been marked by long lines in several states and severe hurdles to voting. According to Ari Berman, voters disenfranchised by new laws include: a man born in a German concentration camp who lost his birth certificate in a fire; a woman who lost use of her hands but was not allowed to 
use her daughter as power of attorney at the DMV; and a 90yearold veteran of Iwo Jima, who was not allowed to vote with his Veterans ID. We need to translate widespread outrage about voter suppression into momentum for an actionable voting rights agenda. While proponents of voter ID laws point constantly to a looming ‘‘crisis’’ of voter impersonation to justify barriers to accessing the polls, they’ve yet to demonstrate empirical evidence. Where is the proof? We now have empirical evidence, gathered from academic experts at University of California at San Diego and other leading institutions, that voter suppression laws disproportionately impact minorities and immigrants. Fixing the VRA is just the start of the fight to secure voting rights. We must also deal with issues including aging and insecure voting machines, problems with absentee ballots, willful misinformation, felon disenfranchisement, partisan election administration, untrained election staff, and many others. As we know, the Voting Rights Act is one of the most fundamental pieces of American legislation, designed to prevent the disenfranchisement of black and minority voters by prohibiting voting practices and procedures that discriminate on the basis of race, color, or membership in a language minority group. In signing the Voting Rights Act on August 6, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson said: 
The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men. 
Throwing out preclearance when it has worked and is continuing to work to stop discriminatory changes is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet. 
in any state potentially is subject to being covered if the requisite number of violations are found to have been committed. Prior to Shelby Co. v. Holder, the Voting Rights Act covered 16 states in whole or in part, including most of the states in the Deep South. The states that would be covered initially under the new bill are: Texas, North Carolina, Louisiana, Florida, and South Carolina. To compensate for the fact that fewer jurisdictions are covered, our bill also includes several key provisions that are consistent with the needs created by a narrower Section 5 trigger. For example, the Voting Rights Amendment Act: Expands judicial ‘‘bailin’’ authority under Section 3 so that it applies to voting changes that result in discrimination (not just intentional discrimination); Requires nationwide transparency of ‘‘late breaking’’ voting changes; allocation of poll place resources; and changes within the boundaries of voting districts; Clarifies and expands the ability of plaintiffs to seek a preliminary injunction against voting discrimination; and Clarifies and expands Attorney General’s authority to send election observers to protect against voting discrimination. This bipartisan compromise legislation is not ideal—but on the balance, it represents a step forward as we continue to fight for enforcement of our most fundamental right: the right to vote. Additional measures introduced to help protect and enforce our right to vote include the Voter Empowerment Act and the Coretta Scott King MidDecade Redistricting Prohibition Act. The Voting Empowerment Act was introduced to help ensure equal access to the ballot for every eligible voter. The Voting Empowerment Act was designed to protect voters from suppression, deception and other forms of disenfranchisement by modernizing voter registration, promoting access to voting for individuals with disabilities, and protecting the ability of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for Federal office. This legislation would expand and protect citizens’ access to the polls and would increase accountability and integrity among elected officials and poll workers. It would also expand eligibility to allow all exoffenders who have been released from prison (even those who may still be on probation on parole) the opportunity to register and vote in federal elections. Outlined in 13 Title sections, this bill prioritizes access, integrity and accountability for voters. I have also introduced H.R. 75 (originally introduced in 2013 as H.R. 2490) which prohibits any state whose congressional districts have been redistricted after a decennial census from carrying out another redistricting until after the next decennial census, unless a court requires such state to conduct a subsequent redistricting to comply with the Constitution or enforce the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 is no ordinary piece of legislation. For millions of Americans, and many of us in Congress, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is a sacred treasure, earned by the sweat and toil and tears and blood of ordinary Americans who showed the world it was possible to accomplish extraordinary things. Please know that I am as committed to the preservation of the Voting Rights Act and I will not rest until the job is done. As I stated in 2006, during the historic debate in Congress to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act of 1965: 
I stand today an heir of the Civil Rights Movement, a beneficiary of the Voting Rights Act. I would be breaking faith with those who risked all and gave all to secure for my generation the right to vote if I did not do all I can to strengthen the Voting Rights Act so that it will forever keep open doors that shut out so many for so long. 
With these legislative priorities and principles at the forefront, I intend to work with my colleagues and advocates to do all I can to protect the voting rights of all Americans. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distinguished gentlewoman. The right to vote is fundamental to the integrity of our democracy, and, as Lyndon Baines Johnson said from this very Chamber shortly before the Voting Rights Act was passed into law a few months later, ‘‘We shall overcome.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
1–YEAR ANNIVERSARY FOR JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) is recognized for the remaining time until 10 p.m. as the designee of the Majority Leader. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members be allowed 5 days to file remarks and revise and extend those remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday, May 29, marks the 1year anniversary for the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act being signed into law, or the JVTA, as we refer to it. This is a vital piece of legislation that the House and Senate passed and that was signed by the President a year ago that takes this scourge of human slavery that is taking place internationally, but also here in the United States, and Congress weighs in on this to deal with this issue, I think, in a very good way. It is impressive to me as a Member of the House how many Members of Congress on both sides were involved in drafting legislation over a year ago that came to the House and passed. In the House itself, there were 11 pieces of legislation that dealt with sex trafficking. All of those bills came up to the House floor in the same week, and all of them passed with overwhelming numbers. They went down the hallway to the U.S. Senate. The Senate combined those bills into one bill, and it passed that legislation. It came back to the House, we passed that, and it was signed by the President. I want to thank all of those Members of Congress—Republicans and Democrats— who worked on this. Just by way of background, I got involved in this issue in several ways. One way was when I was in Eastern Europe several years ago and found out about the human trafficking, sex trafficking, and labor trafficking that was taking place in Eastern Europe and how young women were lured into thinking they were going to get a better job—or have a job—in Africa and the next thing they knew they were in sex slavery in northern Africa. Most of those women just disappeared over the years. Then, back here in the United States, we have the problem of the crime and the scourge of trafficking, and it happens in two areas. There is international sex trafficking into the United States. About 20 percent of the trafficking here in America is international, primarily coming from the southern border. You see those drug traffickers, those drug dealers, who come across the southern border of Texas. They bring anybody into the United States, and they will do anything for money. They will bring young girls, young women, and traffic them into the United States and turn them over to the criminal gangs, like the MS–13 gang, and then they are trafficked throughout the United States. That is about 20 percent of the trafficking. The other 80 percent is trafficking by domestic or young girls, young women. They are trafficked throughout the United States in the same crime—sex slavery, sex trafficking. I had an opportunity to meet a lot of these trafficking victims in my work as chairman and cochairman with JIM COSTA of the Crime Victims Caucus. I will tell you about three of those, and those three women helped get the minds straight of Members of Congress on this issue that is taking place. ‘‘T,’’ as her nickname is, was in foster care. She spent 18 years of her life in foster care. In foster care, she was abused, treated like an animal, hardly fed by some of the individuals who were in the foster care system. All she wanted was a family, someone to love and care for her. She met an older boy, and that individual made her feel special. He promised to love her and take care of her. But as soon as she left with him, she became a sex slave, and her innocence was crushed. She was sold around the country in massage parlors, strip clubs, in hotels, and on the Internet. She was treated like property for 7 years, Mr. Speaker. I mentioned that she was in foster care. We now understand that about twothirds of the sex trafficking victims in the United States, at some 
time in their lives, were in foster care. That is an issue we have to deal with. Congress has to deal with that. Finally, ‘‘T’’ was rescued, and now she tells her story wherever she can. Even Time magazine featured her and her life and her story and her recovery. Brooke Axtell I met in Texas. Her mother was extremely ill when she was about 7 years of age. So the mother turned Brooke over to a nanny, but the nanny did not protect her. In fact, the nanny did just the opposite. The nanny sexually abused Brooke and then trafficked her. It is common with child trafficking victims, as with Brooke, to also be victims of child pornography. After Mom got out of the hospital, Brooke was slow to tell Mom what happened, but she finally did. In working with her mother, she was able to be rescued and get out of this scourge of sex trafficking. Now she works with Allies Against Slavery in Texas. The third person I want to mention very briefly is Cheryl Briggs. She grew up in an abusive home. She was sexually abused by her father. Things were so bad in the home that Mama left when Cheryl was very young to escape the abuse. At the age of 12, Cheryl didn’t know what else to do except get away from her father. So she ran away. She began hitchhiking with truck drivers or with anybody who would take her. It led her to get involved with a motorcycle group, and she started a career, unfortunately, in sex trafficking hell. This individual took her to a biker club that was filled with men who sexually assaulted her. They raped her. She became a trafficked victim and was forced to do all kinds of just awful, horrible things. She was trapped in this scourge of human trafficking and didn’t know how to get help. She was finally able to get help when a patron of the strip club figured out on his own that she was too young and helped her get rescued. Now Cheryl works to help those who are in this sex trafficking in the United States. Those are just three stories, Mr. Speaker. Let me tell you about one bill, and then I want other Members of Congress who are here at this late hour to make comments as well. CAROLYN MALONEY and I worked on the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. Now, you know CAROLYN MALONEY. She is a New York liberal Democrat who talks a little funny. She teamed up with me, a Texas conservative who talks a little funny, according to her. The two of us got together and started working on this with lots of Members of Congress. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, thanks to the hard work of Mrs. MALONEY and others—and especially of the women in the U.S. House of Representatives—passed the House. It does three things. b2115 It does three things. It goes after the trafficker, the slave master, and makes sure that when prosecutors—Mr. Speaker, as you know about prosecutors—when they prosecute those cases, that person goes away to the penitentiary, the do right hotel, for as long as the judge can send them. It then goes to the other end and looks at the trafficking victim. For years, society looked at this victim as a criminal, a child prostitute. Children cannot be prostitutes. It is impossible, legally impossible. So rather than treat them like criminals and put them in the criminal justice system, it rescues those victims and treats them like victims of crime rather than criminals. This is a major change in society’s thought and thought process about these children and young women. Also, Mr. Speaker, it goes after the money, the consumer, the buyer in the middle. Too long, these buyers of trafficking victims who pay money to do these awful things to children have kind of skated under the criminal justice system. Not anymore. Those days are over. The days of boys being boys are over, and these buyers can be prosecuted to the same extent of the law as the trafficker. So the bill does three things: it goes after the trafficker; it goes after the demand, the money; and it rescues the victims. How do we pay for this? It is kind of a novel approach. Federal judges now can impose fines and fees on the trafficker and the buyer because a lot of them have a lot of money. And that money goes into a fund, and that fund is used and given as grants to different organizations, nonprofits throughout the country in States to help trafficking victims and also to educate police and educate the public. So it is a good piece of legislation. That was just one of several pieces of legislation that came to the House floor. As I mentioned, this was a bipartisan effort. Mrs. JOYCE BEATTY of Ohio is here. She filed legislation called Improve the Response to Victims of Child Sex Trafficking. All of that legislation was included in the Senate bill and came back to the House and then passed. What it does is decriminalize child sex and makes it easier for people to report potential incidences of crimes against children. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), a great advocate on behalf of crime victims and trafficking victims. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Judge POE, chairman of the Victims’ Rights Caucus and Representative of Texas’ Second Congressional District, for organizing this evening’s important Special Order hour and for all of his hard work on behalf of the victims of human trafficking. I am also very pleased to have the opportunity to partner with my good friend, Congresswoman ANNWAGNER of Missouri, who is my classmate and a friend. We share the same priority of eradicating human trafficking. It is kind of odd, as Judge POEtalked about his relationship with CAROLYN  MALONEY . They are two people who seem, on paper, very different. One might say the same about ANNWAGNER  and me. But, Mr. Speaker, there is that common thread that puts us together to not only advocate and fight for something that we need to fight for, but we have been able to make a difference. That is why I come to the House floor this evening to recognize and celebrate a very important anniversary: the 1year anniversary of bipartisan, comprehensive legislation, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, that was signed into law. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, or JVTA, was a landmark bill, as you have heard, that updated America’s effort to combat the scourge of human trafficking and provided essential resources to survivors and law enforcement officials. I am so proud to have had my bill be included in this legislation and to have been able to take part in its drafting, passage, and enactment. Mr. Speaker, in the year since JVTA’s enactment, we have witnessed important achievements. For example, the JVTA has reinvigorated Americans’ commitment to protecting our children from cruel exploitation. And, Mr. Speaker, these children still need our protection. Human trafficking, as we have heard, is an estimated multibilliondollara year international enterprise that forces the most at risk among us, both here at home and abroad, into modern day slavery. It is one of the fastest growing crimes in the world. According to the United States State Department, human trafficking is among the world’s top three criminal enterprises. It is forced prostitution, domestic slavery, and forced labor, which is why enactment and, now, the implementation of the JVTA is so important. We must continue to work to eradicate human trafficking and support the victims. In the year since the JVTA’s enactment, we have seen educators, law enforcement officials, and service providers working together, Democrats and Republicans, Mr. Speaker, raising awareness in our communities that human trafficking is not merely an international phenomenon. It, unfortunately, happens all too often in our backyards, just as we have heard Judge POEtalk about ‘‘T’’ and talk about Brooke. And the stories could go on and on. In fact, in my home State of Ohio, for example, each year, an estimated 1,000 children become victims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk. Ohio is the fifth leading State for human trafficking because of its proximity to waterways that lead to an international border and the I–75 interstate that allows anyone to exit the State, within 2 hours, to almost anywhere. 
Lastly, I am very thankful for having amazing advocates in Ohio for victims of human trafficking, like Theresa Flores, the founder of SOAP, Save Our Adolescents from Prostitution, and State Representative Teresa Fedor, a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, who has made a lifetime commitment to working to protect our victims. We must remain vigilant in the implementation of JVTA, as we were when we passed it, so every child, every woman and man is free from this form of modernday slavery, which is why I am proud to have joined Judge POEand Congresswomen WAGNER and M ALONEY  of New York in leading a letter to United States Attorney General Loretta Lynch supporting the Department of Justice’s implementation thus far of the JVTA and requesting needed information on what more can be done within the confines of the current law. Mr. Speaker, this is what happens when we work together. This is a great example of what we can do when Democrats and Republicans come together to change lives. And that is just the way it is. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio. I like your tag line. I might use it myself. You point out several good things, and I think everybody listening can understand why legislation like this got passed because of your passion and—I will say it again—because of the women in the U.S. House that pushed this last year and were relentless until all this legislation came up. You point out many good things. There are two things, though, that I want to point out myself that you mentioned. One is about the money. People may ask, Mr. Speaker, why is there so much money involved in this? Well, drug dealers, when they sell drugs, you sell drugs one time. The cost of apprehension, the consequences, are great, and the chances of getting caught are great. On the other end, you have sex trafficking. Unfortunately, these children are sold multiple times a day—sometimes 20, 25 times a day. The risk of getting caught is very low, and the punishment, up until now, has been very low. So that is why it is the second or third biggest monetary system of criminal enterprises anywhere. That, Mr. Speaker, in itself is a disgrace to us as a people to allow this to happen, where slavery is the second or third money maker for the criminal gangs who primarily run all of these enterprises. I yield to another gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ). He has been in the antitrafficking movement a long time. He worked in the Texas Legislature and helped Texas get ahead of the curve on the movement before we actually did here in the House. I yield to the gentleman from southeast Texas (Mr. WEBER ). Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to be here and to work in a bipartisan fashion across the aisle for this very worthwhile cause. I will tell you, Judge POEis exactly correct. In Texas, we like to say that things are bigger in Texas. But, unfortunately, Texas has one record that we really didn’t want, and that is that we have 25 percent of the sex trafficking in the country. We are 1 of 50 States, and yet we have 25 percent of the victims of sex trafficking going on right there in Texas. We were able to pass Texas House Bill 4009, which did a number of things. It actually instructed the enforcement officials to take a look at some of these young girls that were picked up— and, I guess, for that matter, young men as well—and to not just assume that they were willfully participating in the sex trade, but to look deeper into the background there. Some of these girls we found out were actually held against their will, were drugged and beat into submission. Some, as young as 12, were dancing in some of these strip clubs and, like Judge POEsaid, some of the patrons would take notice of that and would actually get them help. In Texas, we did identify that pretty early on, about 5 or 6 years ago now, and were able to pass legislation to get the HHSC to put law enforcement together, to get some training for these officers, to get these NGOs together to say, look, we need to get some programs for these young girls to rehabilitate them. How in the world do you ever get them back to normal life after something like this? We needed more facilities, more beds, more training. So I am proud to say that, in Texas, we actually did take the lead on that. One of my favorites was in the town of Waco. You mentioned three things: going after the perpetrators; going after the demand, the money; and, of course, helping the victims. Well, the town of Waco had a way of dealing with the johns. What they did was, when someone was arrested in Waco, they would put that john’s picture on a billboard in the city with the headline, ‘‘Arrested for solicitation of prostitution.’’ Now, that will ruin your family life at home and in a little town like Waco. So we took some lessons from that to say, look, we are going after the demand, after the johns, to try to dry up that money stream Mr. Speaker, Judge POEought to be commended. It has been almost a year since the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act was signed into law. This comprehensive legislation tackled a number of issues to combat human trafficking. It took a stand against the seller, which we have been talking about, and the buyer by criminally pressing charges on both for the first time. It also provided smart solutions to help victims of trafficking get back on their feet, which is what I said from my days in the Texas Legislature. They needed a program. They needed people to understand. They needed counseling. Good Lord, how do those young girls ever get back to some semblance of normalcy after something like that? Thanks to the JVTA, States are now incentivized to draft and pass what we call safe harbor legislation, which helps victims of trafficking expunge their criminal records in an effort to start fresh without the ghosts of their past haunting them. Legislation like this also addresses the need for shelter, for more beds, for facilities for those NGOs, a place for rehabilitation. As you know, currently, 34 out of the 50 States have versions of safe harbor legislation, which is an increase of 14 States just since the passage of the act. Training on the identification of trafficking victims has also increased within the airline, the hotel, and even in the medical industries. b2130 Mr. Speaker, victims of human trafficking are men, women, and children. This is not a victimless crime, I might add. We all have undoubtedly passed these victims in an airport, at a hotel, or maybe even at the fuel station. Until society at large stops sexualizing our children, we will be unable to prevent the predators’ interest in our minors. We have made crucial steps, Mr. Speaker, toward combating human trafficking, as evidenced by the very success of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act we are talking about here tonight. Yet, we still have a long way to go to eradicate this scourge of human slavery. But we have a good start on it, and we are committed to seeing it through to the end and making a difference. Mr. Speaker, you know I am right. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his several important comments that he made about facilities to take the victims once they are rescued by law enforcement or by nonprofit organizations. Mr. Speaker, there is no place to put them. Sometimes that is why the police arrest these young girls and put them in juvenile detention, is because there is no facility to take them. I am not blaming the police. They have no other place for them to go. There have been some studies done on how many beds are available for trafficking victims. The latest comes out of the State of Illinois. They did some research, and there are about 600 to 700 beds nationwide for trafficking victims—600 to 700 beds; that is it—in a country of 350 million people. Compare that to animal shelters. I love animal shelters. I have got three Dalmatians. I call them the weapons of mass destruction. I got one of them from a Dalmatian rescue in Dallas. But there are 5,000 animal shelters in the United States, and that is good. We need every one of them. 
Six hundred to seven hundred beds for trafficking victims is not near enough. That is one thing this legislation does. It provides resources so we can have places to take these crime victims, and that is what they are. They are victims of crime. They are not criminals. They are hard to deal with. They are not easy to help. They have had their whole lives destroyed in front of them. So it takes time, it takes facilities, and it takes resources. One other comment you made about the signs. Of course, I am a big fan of criminals carrying signs in front of businesses that they commit crimes in. I did that as a judge and some other things. You are exactly right. If we could add an amendment to this legislation—and I think we should—to give Federal judges the option to allow the posting in the county in which the crime was committed on a billboard or a sign of a photograph of the child molester who has been convicted of trafficking children, that would get the attention of some of those folks out there who are trying to hide their criminal conduct. And maybe those billboards ought to pop up right before some big sporting event that cities have as well. That is just a thought, Mr. Speaker. I think we ought to work on that. We also have with us another person who has worked on this whole issue of trafficking victims and justice for them. Mr. YOHO is one of our newer Members of Congress, TEDYOHOfrom the Third District of the State of Florida. I yield to the gentleman at this time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from Texas. You wouldn’t have hurt my feelings if you would have said one of the younger Members, but that wouldn’t have been true. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solidarity with the growing army that is fighting human trafficking worldwide. I rise to speak out against this heinous crime known as human trafficking, the scourge of our time in the 21st century, a $32 billion industry. The statistics are overwhelming, as we have heard all the estimates of over 22 million people being trafficked worldwide. Sometimes, though, they seem far away. It is estimated that the individuals in the adult entertainment are often victims of human trafficking, people in farm camps, people in domestic servitude. There are people being trafficked for human body parts. It goes on every day. People often say, ‘‘That kind of stuff happens overseas’’ or, ‘‘That doesn’t happen here.’’ There is an acronym called NIMBY, not in my backyard. People don’t think this happens. No, it happens in our own backyards. It happens here at home. It happens in your State, in your county, and more than likely it happens in your town. Human trafficking happens as we speak. Human trafficking knows no skin color, no gender, no socioeconomic background. It only knows how to exploit, abuse, and victimize. Who is guilty of this? Well, nation states are guilty of this, criminal gangs, drug cartels, people needing labor, and terrorist organizations. People are doing this for greed, profit, and power. They are the scum of humanity, the people who are involved in this. ISIS, as we all know today, traffics people for terrorist reasons. They sell children from 1 to 9 years of age. Children 1 to 9 years of age bring the most for ISIS, $168. Young women between 9 and 18 have dropped in value. They are worth $128. ISIS even gives away slaves for rewards of deeds that we deem are bad deeds. The alarming estimate of more than 1 million teenagers run away every year in the United States. Runaways are the most atrisk youth and susceptible of trafficking. Runaways are the most at risk when they leave. In fact, runaways are typically picked up by the pimps or traffickers within the first 48 hours. Who does this sort of thing? Well, the perpetrators aren’t of a certain stereotype. They are of all backgrounds. I don’t want to name any backgrounds, but they are people of low, no, and high profiles. This year in my hometown of Gainesville a trafficking ring was discovered and six people were arrested. Last week a person of high profile, one of the leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement, was arrested for sexually trafficking a minor in New York. Just last year a 15yearold girl was discovered by police in a motel room being sexually abused and trafficked several times a day. When I say several times a day, we are talking 15 to 20 times a day their body is being sold, like an amusement ride. Her parents had been handing out missing child flyers in the neighborhood when somebody recognized her picture from an online ad. That young girl went from being a runaway to a trafficking victim in less than a month. That 15yearold girl could be the son or daughter of you, your friends. It could be your niece or nephew, your brother or sister. However, it is not just runaways that become victims of trafficking. Traffickers don’t discriminate based on economic class, race, gender, or age. Traffickers are motivated by profit. The average cost of a slave worldwide— worldwide—is less than $90. That is the value the scum of the earth puts on the value of a human’s life. As the world’s fastest growing and third largest criminal enterprise, it is shocking how little people know about this horrendous practice. Further, it is appalling how little is put toward the effort to stop it. In my district, we have created the North Central Florida Human Trafficking Task Force, which is aimed at bringing together community partners from the Federal, State, and local levels to combat trafficking. For many, education awareness is half the battle. We teamed up with the Department of Homeland Security and used their Blue Campaign to raise awareness. This week here on Capitol Hill we celebrate the 1year anniversary of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act sponsored by Judge TED POEof Texas, and I am a proud cosponsor of this important legislation. I thank my colleagues for their support of this bill as well. This issue, the issue of human trafficking, is not a Republican or Democratic issue. Back in January, several of us took to this very House floor to speak of the horrors of this crime. But taking a stand on one particular day or highlighting the issue once a month doesn’t even begin to cover what the victims experience on a daily basis or the horrors and nightmares they have for a lifetime. We must always, always be vigilant and active in our fight. If we become aware and educate just one other person to know what the signs are, we can help end this horrific tragedy. Mr. Speaker, no neighborhood is immune. No city is exempt. These slaves, or victims, are a part of our daily lives quietly suffering, but being traded like livestock and treated beyond comprehension. We cannot in good conscience continue our daily routines without making every effort to stamp out the practice of forced labor, domestic servitude, sex trafficking, or the selling of body parts. Whether you are a college student, businessowner, or stayat home parent, we all play a role. First, I ask my colleagues to stand with me as we take another step in taking down trafficking. Thank you to all those both here at home and abroad who are fighting every day to make this modernday slavery a thing of the past. All it takes for evil to succeed is for good men, women, or people to do nothing. Finally, thank you to my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), for hosting this Special Order. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida. I appreciate his comments. He made several excellent points, the NIMBY attitude that some people have, not in my backyard. I met with a father last week. He came to my office and told me the story of how his daughter had been trafficked. He went to the local sheriff in another part of the State and told the sheriff what had happened. The sheriff said: It doesn’t happen here. It does. It happens everywhere. It is in our backyard. It is everywhere. We need to recognize that. The gentleman worked on his own, then, to find his daughter and take her back home. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) makes another good comment about how these young kids are prey. A trafficked child, like the one I just mentioned, they had been working on her for 18 months, seducing her, talking to her, using the Internet. She 
thought these people were her friends. They were not her friends. They were all involved in the trafficking process. We need to understand that traffickers are not old guys in trench coats wandering around and snatching kids. They are not. Many times they are young people, young, goodlooking guys who will strike up a conversation with a middle schooler at the mall and then talk to them again later and then later and then, finally, that individual gets in the vehicle or meets the individual, the trafficker, someplace, and then she is gone. This father that I talked to knew the statistics, that, if you have a child that is trafficked, you have about 3 weeks to find her or she is gone because those traffickers move those kids all over the country, selling them every day. It is in our backyard, unfortunately. I yield to another Texan, the gentlewoman from Houston, Texas, Ms. SHEILAJACKSON LEE, who has worked on this issue of trafficking here and also back home in our hometown of Houston. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Texas for his persistence, his determination, and for this exciting commemoration of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016. Let me thank the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus and cochair JIM COSTA , along with Congressman P OE, Judge POE, who famously has said, ‘‘And that is just the way it is,’’ and I see all of us seemingly adopting those words. So he has now put the English language in a form that we just can’t help ourselves. So I thank Judge POE so very much. I remember his beginning. I want to thank him for a year or 2 ago when he joined me and Chairman MCCAULfor a Committee on Homeland Security human trafficking hearing in Houston, Texas. I believe we have had other hearings since then because we know that Houston, Texas, Harris County, and in Texas has been called one of the center points of human trafficking, to our dismay. Many stories have come to our attention. I think it was about 2 years ago, Judge POE, when they found a stash house out in the county. I actually went to that site where teams of—when I say teams, tens upon tens of individuals, including children, were in that particular place. We had to shut down a cantina in and around the inner city that had been used for human trafficking in the city of Houston. b2145 The one point that is very important that I will make—and I will comment on some other aspects that are in this bill—is that human trafficking is profitable. Human trafficking is profitable. That means that slavery is not dead. Human trafficking is profitable. The reason is, tragically, the young child, the young teenager, the preteen, the young woman, or the young man or boy is recycled, tragically, over and over again, which makes human trafficking more than profitable and vicious and vile. They have to keep that human being who needs to be free and enjoy the freedom of being a child and enjoy the various special things of being a child, like being loved and nurtured, going to picnics, going to school, they have to keep that young woman, that young man in bondage. That is what this bill, as spoken of previously, and certainly among other things, speaks to today. In the many bills that were incorporated in this bill, it was to eliminate, if you will, the pain and viciousness of human trafficking. Let me quickly say that I want to congratulate the fact that this bill reduces the rape kit backlog and provides resources for forensic labs in cities all over America. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, we were hearing the stories about backlogs of rape kits. So this bill requires at least 75 percent of amounts made available to the DOJ for forensic testing and to be used for direct testing of crime scene evidence, including rape kits. It improves the sexual assault nurse examiner program by incentivizing the hiring of fulltime nurses, particularly in rural and underserved areas, and reauthorizes and improves the Paul Coverdell Forensic Science Improvement Grants, which awards grants to States and local governments to improve the quality of forensic science services, which is so very important. I also say that I acknowledge that numerous studies have shown that at least 75 percent of youths involved in the justice system have experienced traumatic victimization, making them vulnerable to mental health disorders and perceived behavioral and noncompliance and misconduct. This legislation deals with bestevidence research to be able to help our youth as well, and to ensure that they get the kind of treatment they need, particularly after sexual assault, which is what human trafficking mostly is, besides the heinousness of being held by another human being. So I am very glad that we are moving forward on the reauthorization for Justice for All for 2016. So many things have been made better. I want to cite one example as I close. I am reminded of this because of the floods that we dealt with recently. There were incidences of women living in places where their name was not on the lease. So, for example, if a man gets evicted for abusing his livein girlfriend, the girlfriend who is not a named tenant on the lease, but is a resident, would automatically be evicted. That is so very important. Many times, that girlfriend is living there with her children. She would be permitted to stay for a reasonable time to establish her own eligibility to remain in the public housing unit. Let me say this: this is not a one sizefitsall, but it is not one community. It is not any race of people, it is not any economic level of people. It is people who are egregiously abusing and violating another human being. In many instances, Judge POE, it is a child. So I want to thank you for this legislation. Let us continue to walk this pathway together in a bipartisan manner. Certainly, as a very valued member of the Judiciary Committee, a lot of your work is part of that legislative agenda, and I am very glad to join in. A lot of your work is also on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Let us work together to save lives and to protect our children. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, Congressman TEDPOE(R–TX) and Congressman JIMCOSTA (D–CA) who are anchoring this Special Order in support of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016. The Justice for All Act, which I cosponsored in 2004, enhanced protections for victims of Federal crimes, provided resources to improve the use of DNA and forensic technology to combat crimes, and established safeguards to prevent and reverse wrongful convictions. This legislation reauthorizes and improves many of the programs created by the original law and responsibly reduces overall funding in response to current economic conditions. The bipartisan Justice for All Act of 2004 increased resources devoted to DNA and other forensic technology, established safeguards to prevent wrongful convictions, and enhanced protections for crime victims. This legislation builds on the Justice for All Act to improve the criminal justice system and ensure public confidence in it. The Justice for All Act of 2016 increases access to restitution for crime victims and requires that interpreters be available to all federal crime victims who wish to participate in a court proceeding. Reauthorizing important programs used to notify crime victims of their right to be heard in court, this legislation provides them with legal assistance. Additionally, the bill improves housing rights for domestic violence victims and protects Violence Against Women Act (VA–WA) funding from federal penalties. The bill makes payment of restitution a mandatory condition of supervised release for any defendant convicted of a Federal felony or misdemeanor and ordered to pay restitution. The bill will also amend the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure to give the court authority to appoint an interpreter for any victim present during proceedings. Importantly, this legislation supports programs that inform crime victims of their rights and helps ensure that those rights are enforced by reauthorizing the Crime Victims Legal Assistance Grants and Crime Victims Notification Grants. Reducing current Rape Kit Backlog, the Justice for All Act requires that at least 75% of amounts made available to the Attorney General for local, state, and Federal forensic activities must be used for direct testing activities described in the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program. Requiring law enforcement agencies to conduct audits of their backlogged rape kits, this 
law also creates tracking mechanisms, and prioritizes testing in cases in which the statute of limitations will soon expire. The Act also amends the Sexual Assault Forensic Exam Program Grants to give preference to entities which will: operate or expand forensic nurse examiner programs in rural areas or for underserved populations, hire fulltime forensic nurse examiners, or support training programs for forensic nurse examiners. Critically, the Act provides community health centers, colleges and hospitals with information about resources available to address domestic violence, sexual assault, and elder abuse. Clarifying requirements for housing protections in the Violence Against Women Act, the act will extend protection against automatic eviction to any ‘‘resident’’ in a public housing unit—who is not a tenant listed on the lease— in situations where the named tenant is evicted. For example, if a man gets evicted for abusing his livein girlfriend, the girlfriend, who is not a named tenant on the lease but is a resident, would not automatically be evicted. She would be permitted to stay for a reasonable time to establish her own eligibility to remain in the public housing unit. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 strengthens the Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA). PREA currently requires that all states to comply with its requirements or suffer a 5% reduction in DOJ funds they would receive for ‘‘prison purposes.’’ States can still receive the funds however, even if they are not in compliance, if the Governor submits an ‘‘assurance’’ that the state will reallocate 5% of those funds to PREA implementation. To ensure compliance, states are required to have all of their prisons audited for at least once every three years. The bill requires Governors to submit with their annual certification or assurance information about the state’s PREA implementation efforts, including which correctional facilities were audited in the most recent audit year, a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all prison during the next three audit years, and all final audit reports. Numerous studies have also shown that at least 75% of youth involved in the justice system have experienced traumatic victimization, making them vulnerable to mental health disorders and perceived behavioral noncompliance and misconduct. Over the years, clear evidence has emerged from federal investigations, classaction lawsuits or authoritative reports written by reputable media outlets or respected public or private agencies showing that youth corrections facility across the country have repeatedly failed to protect youth from violence by staff or other youth, sexual assaults and/or excessive use of isolation or restraints. (Annie E. Casey Foundation—Maltreatment Report, 2015). Despite costly law suits and periods of federal supervision, inhumane conditions of youth confinement remains rampant and a national epidemic. Despite national outcry for compliance with PREA, Many states have failed to implement and enforce its standards for youth in correctional and detention facilities. Current law provides that states not conforming to required protocols will lose 5% of all funds they receive from the U.S. DOJ grant programs. However, financial penalties will not begin until 2017, and expected that DOJ will extend deadline and/or disperse funds to noncompliant states (provided they use the money toward implementing PREA requirements). (AECF Report). Further, the bill requires the Attorney General to post all final audit reports on its website and to update the site at least annually. Expanding the reach of these valiant efforts, the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 clarifies that grants authorized for victim assistance may be used to support nonprofit entities which assist victims of crime on a nationwide basis or Americans abroad who are victims of crimes committed outside of the United States. Truly, improving the administration of criminal justice programs, the bill increases accountability for federal funds spent by state and local governments by requiring that states receiving funds under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program develop a strategic plan detailing how the funds will be spent. The bill directs the National Institute of Justice (NIJ) to promulgate best practices for evidence retention within eighteen months of enactment and requires NIJ to assist state, local, and tribal governments wishing to adopt those best practices. Because this bill has tremendous potential to improve victims’ access to justice, support law enforcement, exonerate the innocent, and strengthen and improve the criminal justice system, we urge the committee to bring this bill up for timely consideration and passage. As a member of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, I thank my colleagues Congressman TEDPOE(R–TX) and Congressman JIMCOSTA (D–CA) ) for hosting this Special Order in support of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016. It is an invaluable and much needed effort. Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gentlewoman for her comments. As the gentlewoman knows and has been mentioned on the House floor, I think, by Mr. WEBER , Houston, Texas, is a hub for child sex trafficking in the United States, and it is because of our location. We are using that, though, to change the dynamics of the city, working with our new mayor, Sylvester Turner, who was in the State legislature for a long time. Our new mayor has now come up with a protocol for the city of Houston to work to eliminate this scourge. I think it is a protocol that cities throughout the country will be able to use themselves to address the issue, admit the problem, and then deal with it on a multilayer basis, working with all the nonprofits and all the government agencies and different types of law enforcement. So I know that the gentlewoman is working with the mayor on this project. I want to congratulate you and the mayor for taking this issue and solving it so that Houston now will be an example of what to do in solving this scourge. I also thank you for being on the Victims’ Rights Caucus. As you mentioned, it is bipartisan. JIMCOSTA and I started this in 2005. There are 80 members: 40 Republicans, 40 Democrats. Mr. Speaker, the Victims’ Rights Caucus promotes victims of crime before Congress. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I express my appreciation for being a member of the Victims’ Right Caucus because it is bipartisan. I should say it is multicommunities. All different people. Let me thank the gentleman for mentioning Mayor Turner. This is an exciting effort. If you don’t take notice, you are not going to be able to solve the problem. And that is what the city is doing. It is taking notice and putting in infrastructure for being helpful. Let me close by simply saying that, as Judge POEknows, in the last couple of days of Houston we have been mourning the killing of an 11yearold child on his way home from school. We have not determined who it is, but all I can say to you is that even our children are vulnerable, whether by a heinous individual that maybe was trying to pick the child up—we don’t know— but the child is now deceased. My sympathies to his family, the Flores family in my congressional district. All I can say is that it is our responsibility to protect these children and not for little Josue to have died in vain in the tragic way that he lost his life. Again, I thank the gentleman for allowing me to offer sympathy to his family and his community and say that we are doing the right thing by trying to protect those who are most vulnerable. Mr. POE of Texas. The gentlewoman is exactly correct. That is really what we are supposed to be doing, is helping those that are the least fortunate, the most vulnerable in our community. And there is no more vulnerable people than our children. Mr. Speaker, I also want to recognize numerous Members of Congress who have worked on all this legislation. Before I do that, though, I want to recognize a person on my staff, Blair Bjellos, who is leaving the Hill and going to work for one of these groups that is trying to save the world, which is great. They are. Blair has worked for me for almost 6 years. She is my victim advocate. I think I am the only Member of Congress that has a victim advocate who works on victims’ issues. She was, in large part, responsible for drafting this legislation, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. I want to thank her publicly for the work she has done on the victims’ movement, working on the Victims’ Rights Caucus, this legislation, and for other victims’ issues as well. I am fortunate to have a person who is so passionate working to help those who are most vulnerable in our community, and that is victims of crime. So I want to thank her for doing that. I want to mention some other Members of Congress and just put in the 
RECORD some of the things they have been doing. It is not all of them, but in limited time, I am going to mention the ones I can. Two Members, bipartisan—one Republican, one Democrat—RENEE  ELLMERS and D EBBIE WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ —introduced the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act. Remember, Mr. Speaker, all these bills were combined, passed the House, go to the Senate, and Senator CORNYN  and Senator WYDEN combined them into one bill, it came back to House after it passed the Senate, and was signed by the President. Also, ERIKPAULSEN , a Republican, and Representative GWEN MOORE , a Democrat, introduced the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act. JOEHECKof Nevada, who was going to be here tonight to speak, introduced Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act. ANNWAGNER , as has been mentioned already, introduced the SAVE Act; MARKWALKER , Human Trafficking Detection Act; KRISTI NOEM, Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act; TOMMARINO and K AREN  BASS—one Republican, one Democrat— Strengthening Child Welfare Response for Human Trafficking; JOYCE BEATTY , who has spoken here tonight, also worked with ANNWAGNER and also introduced Improve the Response to Victims of Child Sex Trafficking Act; and SEAN MALONEY introduced the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. There were lots of individuals, lots of folks who helped in the House. Then we had support from over 200 organizations throughout the country, trying to get this legislation passed. Some of those are Rights4Girls, Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, Shared Hope International, End Child Prostitution and Trafficking in the USA, National Children’s Alliance, National Association to Protect Children, Equality Now, National Conference of State Legislatures, and the National Criminal Justice Association were all on the same page of the hymnal singing the same song, Mr. Speaker, and that song is that we are going to do everything we can to stop this scourge of human trafficking. We want those folks to know that trafficked young children have no place to hide and that those customers that buy those kids have no place to hide. There is no safe place for them. And we want victims to know there is a safe place and that we will help them to recover from what has happened to them and hold people accountable for what they do, especially when they commit crimes against the most vulnerable people in our culture. And if we are not to help kids, why are we here, Mr. Speaker? I want to thank Members of Congress for passing this legislation overwhelmingly. Many of these bills passed the House unanimously. That doesn’t happen a lot over here. We are all working on this. We are not through. But we want people to know—victims of crime—that there is hope and there is rescue. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CURBELO of Florida (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a family commitment in the district. Mr. ALGREEN of Texas (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. O’ROURKE (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of traveling with the President to Vietnam. Mr. PETERS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of flight delayed. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2814. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, May 24, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3998 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4487 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. G IBBS, and Mrs. NAPOLITANO ): H.R. 5303. A bill to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. GALLEGO , and Ms. G ABBARD ): H.R. 5304. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to extend health care coverage under the Transitional Assistance Management Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5305. A bill to establish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. POLIS, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. RATCLIFFE ): H.R. 5306. A bill to require the Archivist of the United States to compile all applications, and rescissions of applications, made to the Congress to call a convention, pursuant to article V of the Constitution, and certain related materials, and to transmit them to Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. ROGERS of Alabama): H.R. 5307. A bill to amend title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 to define the term ‘‘sex’’ for purposes of such title; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. SIRES, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 5308. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to confiscate interest paid on certain frozen bank accounts, to require the Secretary to confiscate certain frozen assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. HARPER , and Mr. P ALAZZO ): H.R. 5309. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California (for herself, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. DELANEY , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. MOORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. HONDA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. NORTON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R USH, and Mr. SERRANO ): H.R. 5310. A bill to improve college affordability; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 5303. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to general Welfare of the United States), and Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes). By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5304. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have the power to provide for the common defense. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5305. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5306. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution requires Congress to call a convention for proposing amendments ‘‘on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states.’’ In order to fulfill this obligation, Congress has the authority to enact legislation to ensure accurate recordkeeping of state applications submitted pursuant to Article V. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 5307. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, clause 8, section 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 5308. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 5309. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California: H.R. 5310. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Spending Authorization Article I, Section 8, Clause I The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 239: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 315: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 448: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 483: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 556: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 605: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 612: Mr. CHABOT , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 624: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 711: Mr. FORBES and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 835: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 865: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. BLACK , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 969: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 985: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina and Mr. WALKER . H.R. 1095: Mr. TAKAI, Mr. B RADY of Penn sylvania, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. PETERS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ . H.R. 1151: Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. HECK of Nevada, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. BARR, Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 1188: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. CHABOT , and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 1198: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1309: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 1342: Mr. MURPHY of Florida and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 1422: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 1559: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1625: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 1713: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 1904: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1905: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1911: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 1963: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 2058: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 2087: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 2142: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 2290: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 2315: Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 2342: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2430: Ms. KELLY of Illinois and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 2434: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 2460: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 2488: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 2500: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 2622: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2646: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2656: Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2698: Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 2739: Mr. HULTGREN and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 2799: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 2804: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 2812: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2896: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2903: Ms. KELLY of Illinois and Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 2992: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. D IAZ BALART , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. DOLD, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. BOUSTANY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. KING of Iowa, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C URBELO of Flor ida, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. G RAVES of Mis souri, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. S MITH of Mis souri. H.R. 3119: Mr. FLORES and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 3159: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3222: Mr. PITTS and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 3229: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3297: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 3308: Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 3365: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 3381: Mr. BARR, Mr. V ELA, Mr. F ARR, and Mr. CARNEY . H.R. 3463: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 3514: Mr. BECERRA , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3516: Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 3551: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 3582: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3619: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 3636: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 3706: Ms. MATSUI and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. H.R. 3742: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 3765: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 3870: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4013: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 4137: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 4172: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4184: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4247: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 4248: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. HILL. H.R. 4275: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 4365: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 4376: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4442: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H.R. 4526: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 4543: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 4559: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4575: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 4585: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. BROWN of Florida, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4614: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 4620: Mr. CARNEY . H.R. 4636: Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.R. 4657: Mr. SMITH of Washington and Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 4683: Ms. TSONGAS and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4702: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 4715: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 4729: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4768: Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. HILL. H.R. 4773: Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. ADERHOLT , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 4775: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4806: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4827: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4828: Mr. FORBES . H.R. 4848: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 4950: Mr. RENACCI and Mr. C ARNEY . H.R. 4956: Mr. DUFFY , Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 4959: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5001: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 5014: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 5015: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 5022: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5047: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 5066: Mr. POEof Texas and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5073: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5082: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5094: Mr. HARRIS and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 5112: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 5130: Mr. ELLISON and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 5131: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 5143: Mr. NEUGEBAUER . H.R. 5157: Mr. MCDERMOTT and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 5166: Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. RATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 5167: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 5182: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 5187: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 5188: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5207: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 5210: Mr. SHUSTER , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. KING of Iowa, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. HARTZLER , and Mr. M ASSIE . H.R. 5214: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5216: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGH TER, and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 5221: Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L EE, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. RUSH, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 5224: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5230: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. WALBERG , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 5245: Mr. LIPINSKI and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 5249: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5254: Mr. PETERS and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 5258: Mr. MARINO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 5262: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5283: Mr. LABRADOR . H.R. 5294: Mr. FLEMING , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, and Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 5296: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. ASHFORD . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. PASCRELL . H. Con. Res. 132: Mr. KILMER , Mr. T HOMP SONof California, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 14: Mr. ZINKE and Mr. D EFAZIO. H. Res. 110: Mr. DEUTCH . H. Res. 210: Mrs. CAPPS and Mr. M EADOWS . H. Res. 569: Mr. GARAMENDI . H. Res. 591: Mr. COLE, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. POSEY , Mr. H UELSKAMP , and Mr. B UCK. H. Res. 665: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. W ELCH . H. Res. 728: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. KILMER . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
HOUSE AMENDMENT TO S. 2012 OFFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  Page 101, before line 13, insert the following: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3039 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 23, 2016 No. 81 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 