Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the retirement of Dr. Phil Smith of Nebraska Medicine at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. Over 35 years ago, Dr. Smith established the Nebraska Infection Control Network to educate healthcare professionals regarding infection control in nursing homes and hospitals. Dr. Smith is a pioneer in the field of infectious disease, and his perseverance and dedication led to the establishment of the very critical biocontainment unit at Nebraska Medicine in 2005. Commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control, the unit was at ground zero in the fight against Ebola, providing Ebola training to more than 30 of the country’s top hospitals while successfully treating several Ebola patients. Dr. Rick Sacra, who contracted the disease in West Africa, credits the Omaha unit with saving his life. Recently, Dr. Smith codeveloped the Center for Preparedness Education, a coalition between the University of Nebraska Medical Center and Creighton University Medical Center. It is very difficult to sum up this career that he has had. What is critical, though, is that the Ebola problem and crisis is not going away. The University of Nebraska Medical Center, the community that I come from, Omaha, Nebraska, and the entire State of Nebraska are committed to fighting Ebola. It will continue to do so by developing an even more significant biocontainment center, developing teaching regimens, and developing research regimens at the University of Nebraska Medical Center to fight Ebola and other infectious diseases. It is difficult to sum up the career that Dr. Smith has had, but I will quote this. He says: ‘‘Patient care has been part of my life. It’s a noble profession, and nothing beats the gratification of making a diagnosis and helping a patient.’’ Nothing is more critical than the treatment of the Ebola crisis at the University of Nebraska. Saving lives, creating an atmosphere for further research, and creating a facility for training healthcare professionals from around the world is the mission that the University of Nebraska has taken up. b1015 Dr. Smith’s contributions to Nebraska and our Nation are immeasurable, and we are grateful for his service. Interestingly enough, the University of Nebraska biocontainment unit is now in the capable hands of Dr. Angie Hewitt, who is the daughter of one of our colleagues, Representative GENE GREEN of Texas. Dr. Hewitt will continue the work that Dr. Smith has begun and will continue to enlarge and engage the world in the fight against infectious disease. 
ISRAEL AND U.S. MUST FACE COMMON THREATS TOGETHER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Israel has always been surrounded by threats. Since it was established, Israel has survived Arab armies waiting at its borders to destroy the Jewish state. It has persisted in the face of suicide bombers and terrorist onslaughts like no other country in history. Recently the threats to Israel have increased and become even more dangerous. Iran’s Supreme Leader has stated clearly that he wants to destroy Israel. Thanks to the nuclear deal made by the administration, it is only a matter of time before the mullahs in Iran develop a nuclear weapon. The Iran deal will go down in history as one of the administration’s worst foreign policy mistakes. This Neville Chamberlain deal ensured that Iran gets to keep enriching uranium. It does not have to dismantle any of its nuclear infrastructure. So, in 10 years, Tehran just has to flip a switch to get a nuclear bomb, and Israel is the first target. Tehran wants to put the entire Middle East under its thumb. Iran continues to defy U.N. security resolutions on ballistic missiles. Since the nuclear deal was signed, Iran has conducted three ballistic missile tests. Some of the previously launched missiles were even marked in Hebrew with the words ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the Earth.’’ There is more. Iran has announced that it would give $7,000 to families of Palestinians who murder Israelis and an additional $30,000 to every family whose home Israel demolished due to the family’s involvement in terrorism. The Iranian mullahs have hate and murder in their souls, and they want to eliminate Israel. The fact that the administration gave a $100 billion signing bonus in sanctions relief to a regime that consorts with North Korea and sends terrorist proxies to do its bidding is a really bad foreign policy. There is more. Iran has sent Hezbollah to go after Israelis around the world. Hezbollah now has an estimated 150,000 rockets and missiles in its stockpile. That is enough to rain down thousands of rockets a day on Israel for months. In fact, Iran has transferred new gamechanging advanced weapons to the terrorist group Hezbollah. This includes antiship cruise missiles, air defense systems, and precisionguided surfacetosurface missiles. Then there is Hamas in the south. In Gaza, Israeli officials now believe that Hamas has completely replenished all of its rocket supply that Israel destroyed 2 years ago. Hamas is building a sophisticated network of tunnels under the Gaza Strip for the purpose of securing arms and supplies. This tunnel network has only one purpose: to strike at the heart of the Israeli population centers. More. Since September, Palestinian lonewolf terrorists have carried out hundreds of vicious attacks against Israeli citizens. These terrorists will do anything to kill. They ram vehicles into civilians, shoot indiscriminately, and stab anybody in the way. Immediately following the first attack, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas proclaimed: ‘‘We welcome every drop of blood spilled in Jerusalem. This is pure blood, blood on its way to Allah.’’ This latest wave of attacks has killed 34 people and injured 400. Among those killed were two Americans, and one of them was a citizen of Texas, Taylor Force. These terrorists are only happy when they have destroyed Israeli and American families wherever they find them. ISIS, which is even more brutal than al Qaeda, controls large parts of Syria. These terrorists no doubt view Israel as a threat and will likely turn to attacking the Jewish state in due time. Those who threaten Israel, Mr. Speaker, threaten the United States. The same terrorist groups that want to destroy Israel want to destroy the United States. The same Iran that calls Israel the ‘‘Little Satan’’ calls the United States the ‘‘Great Satan.’’ Mr. Speaker, Israel is a bright star, the lone star of liberty, freedom, and democracy in the Middle East. The villains that want Israel destroyed are picking a fight with the wrong folks. They will lose that fight because Israel and the United States will work together, no matter who the enemy is, for liberty, justice, and freedom not only for Israel, but for the United States. And that is just the way it is. 
DR. KENT SCRIBNER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, before I get into my remarks, I want to share a story about a conversation that I had with one of my colleagues here on the House floor. It was a colleague from Arizona. I asked the colleague: How is the new superintendent that is coming to the Fort Worth Independent School District, Dr. Scribner? The colleague told me how lucky we were to be getting Dr. Scribner from the Phoenix Independent School District because he has done such a remarkable job there and that the community was really saddened, but happy for him that he was given the opportunity to come and work in one of Texas’ largest independent school districts. I want to rise today to lend my unwavering support for a respected educator that has made a mark very quickly in the Fort Worth community, and that is Dr. Kent Scribner. Dr. Scribner is a dedicated educator who is leading, again, one of the largest school systems in the entire State of Texas. But recently he has come under attack from centralized forces in Austin that don’t believe in local control and, by the way, would like to actually take money out of the Fort Worth ISD and let that money be used for poorperforming schools in the form of school vouchers. What Dr. Scribner is under attack for from Austin is by trying to protect transgender students. Under the guidelines issued by Dr. Scribner, transgender students are allowed to use the bathroom and locker room of their choice. Teachers are to address them by the pronoun that reflects the student’s gender identity. Staff are to protect a student’s privacy about decisions to transition from one gender to another. An employee who does not comply with these rules could face discipline. It also protects other students. It says that students who do not feel comfortable using a bathroom with a transgender student are provided a reasonable and safe accommodation for them as well. These guidelines, unlike it was first reported, were not developed in isolation. The Fort Worth School Board has been working on these policies since 2014 and drafted a new set of guidelines last summer. Instead of condemning Dr. Scribner, we should applaud his leadership because it encourages an environment that protects our children’s safety. Dr. Scribner has children, also, I want to make clear, in the Forth Worth Independent School District, and I doubt that he would want to subject his children to an environment that he didn’t feel was safe. Many transgender students simply cannot use the restroom or locker room of the gender they were assigned at birth. Asking transgender students to use a separate restroom, like a faculty restroom, singles them out and increases the risk of bullying. Transgender students should not also have to face bullying from government officials. Allowing transgender students to use the correct restroom is just telling them that they can use the restroom like anyone else. Doing otherwise would tell them that they are unwelcome at the school they attend. Restricting restroom access for transgender students goes against the consensus of medical professionals and mental health experts. The guidelines that Dr. Scribner has issued are similar to those adopted by hundreds of school districts around the country. Let me just also tell you that Dr. Scribner has a lot of good backup in what he is doing. These best practices are supported by the Child Welfare League of America, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the Texas Association Against Sexual Assault, and the Texas Council on Family Violence. Dr. Scribner’s leadership is especially commendable at a time when we are 
seeing a dramatic increase in hateful, discriminatory, and antiLGBT legislation across the United States. It is imperative that we stand together to ensure that no one is discriminated against because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. That is why I am a proud sponsor and a proud cosponsor of the Quality Act and I am also a member of the Quality Caucus. I wholeheartedly believe that preventing this type of discrimination only makes our country a better place. The fight for LGBT equality has seen tremendous progress, but we still have a lot of work to do to make sure that all of our students feel safe in school. I am honored to stand in solidarity with Dr. Scribner. I ask my colleagues to stand with me as we support the rights of all Americans. 
OPIOID ADDICTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, opioid addiction has proven to destroy hope, it destroys opportunity, and it is destroying families. Certainly we see this across the country, but we are also seeing the devastating effects of addiction in Tennessee. Tennessee has the second highest rating nationally for opioid addiction. As many States are exceedingly aware, drug overdose is the leading cause of accidental death in this country. As we started working on this issue in the Committee on Energy and Commerce, so many people did not realize that prescription drug abuse is the leading cause of accidental death in our country, with over 18,000 fatalities last year. Addiction does not care about race, gender, or politics. It is an issue that affects all of us, and it affects the people that we are here to serve. Together many of us—families and those that we love in our communities—are working to find solutions that will combat this epidemic and help remedy those who are suffering from addiction the most. Just this week—and you can look at the bills that have been on the agenda and have passed the House; many of these are being done with bipartisan support— there have been 15 amendments to these bills. They have all passed by voice vote. What the bills will do is to streamline the burdensome bureaucracy which currently debilitates finding a solution for this crisis. I commend my colleagues for focusing on this issue and for saying: What do we do to get to the root cause of this problem and put the tools in place so that, at the local, State, and Federal levels, this can be addressed and it can be solved? One of the things that we have done is to improve the situation with the VA and the oversight mechanisms that they have to make certain that our veterans are being protected and that the issues of addiction are being appropriately addressed and dealt with. Earlier this year we achieved a success that is one way that the Federal Government can help in the work that our State legislators are doing. In my State of Tennessee, State Senator Dr. Joey Hensley and State Representative Barry Doss have been the leaders on these issues for our general assembly. The legislation that I authored along with Congressman TOMMARINO was signed into law and ensures access to proper medication for patients with legitimate needs while allowing us to continue battling the drug diversion and abuse problem that exists here in our country. It will enable our local and State officials to move forward, address the pill mills, and, at the same time, make certain that patients with needs have access. The legislation is called the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2016. What it will do is to combat the inappropriate use of prescription drugs by bringing greater clarity—something that is needed in so many laws and rules—but bringing greater clarity and transparency to the requirements needed for safe and secure distribution of medications. Mr. Speaker, the people battling addiction are moms and dads, brothers and sisters and children, neighbors and friends. They are saying: We need your help. Our healthcare professionals and our pharmacists have said: We need clarity. That is what we in the House are seeking to do this week. 
b1030 2016 CALL TO ACTION: COMBATING OPIOID ABUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, in the United States, 2.1 million people suffer from dependency and addiction to prescription opioid drugs. Eighty percent of the world’s pain pills are consumed in the United States, but we only have 5 percent of the world’s population. This is an epidemic that reaches every corner of our Nation, transcending regional, State, community, and neighborhood lines. More people died from drug overdose in 2014 than ever before. Over 60 percent of those deaths involved the use of an opioid. Seventy eight Americans die every single day from an opioid overdose. There are more people dying from prescription drug overdoses than from car accidents. This week, the House is considering 15 bipartisan measures that seek to address some of the widespread problems that have caused and perpetuated this national crisis; but as we look at treatment options and support for those who are dealing with this addiction, it is important that we actually focus on the root cause of the problem. We have seen for decades major pharmaceutical companies that have misled the FDA, doctors, and patients about the safety and risks of opioid dependence on commonly prescribed prescription drugs in their efforts to sell more drugs. Three top executives from Purdue Pharma even pleaded guilty to criminal charges. Just last week, the LA Times revealed how Purdue Pharma has made over $31 billion off of OxyContin, America’s bestselling painkiller, by advertising the drug’s 12hour pain relief. Investigations have found that for many people the drug actually doesn’t last for 12 hours. In fact, it wears off hours earlier for most people. This often leads to ‘‘excruciating symptoms of withdrawal, including an intense craving for the drug.’’ Despite multiple complaints from doctors, sales representatives, and independent research showing that many patients don’t experience this 12 hour pain relief, the company has continued to market the drug’s 12hour relief and is even encouraging doctors to prescribe stronger doses when patients complain about its shortened effects. According to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, more than 7 million Americans have abused OxyContin. Many abusers then turn to heroin, which is made from the same poppy plant and has the same effect. After people are addicted to opioid prescription drugs, they turn to heroin when they can’t get their hands on those pills. To give you some context, one 60 milligram pill costs, on average, around $60. To get the very same amount of heroin, you will pay one tenth of the price. The problems created by companies like Purdue are felt deeply by families all across the country. It is happening to our police officers, to teachers, to nurses, and to others in our communities who all share the same stories. They used to take prescription drugs, but now they inject heroin. In my home State of Hawaii, the rate of pain medicine abuse is more than 10 percent above the national average. According to the Hawaii State Department of Health data, opioidrelated deaths have increased 133 percent from 2000 to 2016. Veterans, people who have served our country in uniform, have been disproportionately impacted by this epidemic. I have heard from some of my friends and fellow veterans of how, during their visits to the VA in their seeking treatment, even after telling their doctors ‘‘I don’t want drugs,’’ they received prescriptions for those drugs. Up until recently, the VA prescribed opioids almost exclusively to veterans who were experiencing chronic pain. Prescriptions for opiates spiked by 270 percent over 12 years, according to the 2013 analysis by the Center for Investigative Reporting. This led to addictions and to a fatal overdose rate 
amongst veterans at a rate of twice the national average. The VA is beginning to start to change some of its practices by offering alternative modes of treatment, but even so, that change is not comprehensive and it is not happening everywhere across the country. A national health crisis of this magnitude requires leadership, commitment, resolve, and partnership at every level of government, within our medical community and within our community itself. I urge my colleagues to join me in calling for further action to hold pharmaceutical companies accountable that are profiting off of America’s addiction problems, to hold doctors accountable who are irresponsibly overprescribing these addictive drugs, and to focus instead on finding real solutions that can truly help people. I urge the U.S. Surgeon General to make combating opioid abuse the 2016 Call to Action, which is a yearly initiative that helps to stimulate nationwide action to solve a major public health program in the U.S. In the past few years, the national Call to Action has addressed exercise and walkable communities, skin cancer prevention, breastfeeding, deep vein thrombosis, and underage drinking. With 78 Americans dying every single day from opioid overdose, this is an issue that demands our national attention and action. 
SAUK RAPIDS’ 2016 CITIZEN OF THE YEAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate April Meyers for being named the 2016 Citizen of the Year in Sauk Rapids, Minnesota. The Sauk Rapids Citizen of the Year was created by the Sauk Rapids Chamber and is meant to recognize individuals who have impacted the community for the better. Meyers, who was unaware that she had even been nominated, was selected by a committee made up of city staff, local businesses, and previous Citizen of the Year recipients. Since 1992, April has been involved with the Great River Rotary, the Living Waters Lutheran Church, the Sauk Rapids School District, and she is also the director of housing for the Good Shepherd Community. Thank you, April. Thank you for your dedication to the less fortunate, to our children, and to the elderly. Thank you for being an inspiration to others. Thank you for making Sauk Rapids such a great city in the Sixth Congressional District. It is because of people like you that Minnesota is such a great place to live and raise a family. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor one of the great families in Minnesota’s Sixth Congressional District, the Bernicks, and their business that is celebrating an incredible 100 years of operation. Bernick’s was founded in 1916 in St. Cloud, Minnesota, by Elizabeth and Charles Bernick. Originally a soda pop bottling company, Bernick’s used to deliver their products in a horsedrawn wagon. The company has come a long way since then. Over the past century, this familyowned company has passed from generation to generation, expanding into a booming business with more than 650 employees. Today, Bernick’s provides full beverage, vending, and food services to the central Minnesota area while maintaining its family roots in St. Cloud. Running a business is no small feat. Running one successfully for a century is something that we can all be proud of. Congratulations to the Bernick family for their five generations of success. Thank you for all you do for our community. REMEMBERING FALLEN OFFICERS  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate National Police Week, a time when we remember the men and women in blue who paid the ultimate sacrifice in order to protect and serve our great Nation. The great State of Minnesota is home to many phenomenal law enforcement officers—men and women who put their lives on the line each and every day to ensure the safety and security of our communities. They live their lives to serve, and some tragically lose their lives in the line of duty. These are the true heroes. Just this past year, an officer named Deputy Steven Sandberg was shot and killed in the line of duty in St. Cloud, Minnesota. While his death was both senseless and tragic, today we remember the courageous way that he and many other fallen police officers chose to live and serve their communities. This week, in honoring fallen officers like Deputy Sandberg, we remember and we honor their service and their sacrifice. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address a national epidemic: opioid addiction and abuse. Addiction is a disease that does not discriminate based on age, education, or wealth, and it even happens in small town Minnesota. Recently I learned firsthand that addiction knows no bounds. Unfortunately, like too many people today, I have seen the danger and the devastation caused by addiction up close and personal. I come from a small town in Minnesota with a population of, approximately, 5,000 people. We pretty much know everybody. I have had the great fortune to raise seven kids in this great little town, and as a youth hockey coach for almost 20 years, I have had the opportunity to work with and to get to know many of the kids in our community—kids who have big hopes and dreams. Unfortunately, because of the opioid and heroin crisis in this country, two of them left us way too soon. Today, nearly one person dies every 12 minutes of a drug overdose. This must stop. It is going to take more than government policy to fight this epidemic, but I am so grateful for the efforts here in Washington, on both sides of the aisle, to take on this epidemic. I just want to thank my colleagues for all of their work on this important issue. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. f 
NATIONAL BRAIN TUMOR AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, nearly 700,000 people in the United States today are living with a brain tumor. Sadly, over 16,000 of them will lose their battles this year alone. Many of them will be children, with brain tumors being the leading cause of death from cancer for those who are under 14. Unfortunately, the treatment and removal of brain tumors presents significant challenges because of the brain’s uniquely complex and fragile nature, due, in no small part, to there being more than 120 different types of tumors. While brain tumor research is supported by a number of private nonprofit research foundations and by institutes at the National Institutes of Health, there still remain daunting obstacles in the development of new treatments. Moreover, there are currently no strategies for screening or for the early detection of brain tumors. Despite the number of new people who are diagnosed with brain tumors every year and their devastating prognoses over the past 30 years, there have only been four FDAapproved drugs and one device to treat brain tumors. On top of that, the four approved drugs have provided only incremental improvements to patient survival, and mortality rates remain little changed over the past 30 years. It is clear that much more must be done. That is why I am proud to introduce a resolution designating this May as National Brain Tumor Awareness Month. Throughout the month, advocates around the country unite to educate the public about brain tumors and to advocate for policies that are vital to the discovery of a cure. Their efforts are crucial for shining a light on the difficulties that are associated with research on brain tumors and the opportunities for advancements in brain tumor research and treatment. I ask my colleagues to honor those who have lost their lives to a brain tumor and to please support this resolution so we can move one step closer to ending this devastating disease. 
OPIOID BILLS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the action the House is taking this week to combat the crisis of opioid abuse. As a registered nurse, I have seen the grim reality of the addiction from all sides. I have witnessed its grip on families—the way it slowly steals the life behind its victims’ eyes and how what was thought to be a quick fix can easily spiral into a deadly experience. We all know that addiction is an equal opportunity destroyer of potential. It does not care about your race, gender, income, or political party. Therefore, the solutions that we offer in Congress must also reach across artificial boundaries to help all who are touched by this epidemic to get back on their feet. I am proud that, all told, the House will take up 18 bills this week that are aimed at combating opioid abuse. Among these solutions is a bill creating an interagency task force to ensure healthcare professionals have up todate guidelines and best practices for treating patients with acute and chronic pain. This is critically important as 17 percent of opioid users today get their highs from medications that are legally prescribed to them by a doctor. The House also passed legislation that makes it safer for veterans to seek pain management care. Specifically, the bill would require the VA employees who prescribe opioids to receive education and training on pain management while also calling for a government watchdog report on the VA opioid use and treatment. Importantly, for me as a nurse, Congress has additionally taken steps to protect newborns from the exposure to addictive opioid drugs while in the womb. This includes legislation to authorize residential treatment grant programs for pregnant and postpartum women who have substance abuse problems, as well as a bill calling for a government study on the prevalence of neonatal abstinence syndrome and offering recommendations to improve access to treatment. b1045 While these bills offer an important starting point, Congress cannot singlehandedly legislate away the threat of opioid abuse. It takes willing partners in our community to help raise awareness and intervene before addiction sets in. I was reminded of this recently when I visited and met with the Smith County AntiDrug Coalition back in my district. This organization is going into schools to arm young people with the facts about drug abuse. They are providing drop boxes in the public spaces so citizens can safely dispose of unused medication, and they are working with law enforcement to ensure that their efforts are as effective as possible. We can never underestimate the importance of nonprofits and volunteersupported organizations like this. Mr. Speaker, opioid addicts are not bad people trying to be good. They are sick people trying to get well. When we come together with an eye on the solution and an emphasis on personal responsibility, we can find victory over this preventable disease and help those who are hurting to reassemble their lives and regain their pursuit of the American Dream. 
HOUSTON FLOODING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I and a host of colleagues find ourselves on a mission of mercy. This is a mission of mercy, Mr. Speaker, for people who are suffering in Houston, Texas, and the surrounding area. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman GENEGREEN , the original cosponsor of H.R. 5025, the 2016 Tax Day Floods Supplemental Funding Act. I want to thank Congressman JOHNCULBERSON for being the first person to sign on, such that the bill has become bipartisan. It is a bipartisan piece of legislation. I want to talk about suffering today, Mr. Speaker, because a good many people in Houston, Texas, are suffering for a multiplicity of reasons. I will share just a few. Before I do this, I want to remind friends and colleagues that tonight, after the Republican hour and the Democratic hour, my colleagues and I will take to the floor to say much more about what is happening in Houston, Texas. For now, I want to mention the suffering, because suffering can teach us that which we can learn no other way. Some things bear repeating. Suffering and pain can teach us that which we can learn no other way. It is one thing to sympathize and to say, ‘‘There but for the grace of God go I’’ and understand that there is suffering associated with that statement, but it is another thing to empathize because you had the experience associated with the suffering that goes along with the statement, ‘‘There but for the grace of God go I.’’ So in Houston, Texas, a good many people are suffering because they have had their homes flooded not once, but twice—some even more. They are suffering because some of them were just getting back into their homes, and their homes were flooded again. They are suffering because they have lost their means of transportation, the ability to get to work, to sustain the livelihood that causes them to have the ability to take care of themselves and their families. There is suffering in Houston, Texas. They are suffering because they don’t know what the future holds. They don’t know what next year will bring or next month will bring because these 100 year floods are happening quite regularly in Houston, Texas. So they are suffering in Houston. I want my colleagues and my friends to know, Mr. Speaker, that this suffering is something that we can mitigate. We may not be able to eliminate it totally, completely, and absolutely. No one can stop all of the flooding all of the time, but there are projects that have been authorized that we are currently funding on a piecemeal basis. There are projects that, if completed, Mr. Speaker, would mitigate the flooding. We have a piecemeal approach to a problem that requires a wholesale solution. There is suffering, and we could eliminate much of this suffering. That which we cannot eliminate, we can mitigate. The suffering I have called to your attention thus far, Mr. Speaker, involves property, real and personal. But I also want to mention the ultimate pain that is being endured by a good many in Houston, and that is losing someone whom you love to circumstances that could have possibly been eliminated. Eight lives, possibly nine—I am told that there may be another—eight lives were lost, Mr. Speaker. Eight people lost their lives to flooding in Houston, Texas, in the tax day flood, socalled because it occurred on the last day to pay your taxes. Eight lives were lost. The family members of these persons who lost their lives are suffering in Houston, Texas. So I come to the floor with an appeal to my colleagues. We ask that you kindly give consideration to H.R. 5025, the 2016 Tax Day Floods Supplemental Funding Act, that has now some 60 cosponsors. But it is more than a bill, Mr. Speaker. It is an opportunity to eliminate suffering in Houston, Texas. I will close with this. I mentioned that suffering can teach us that which we can learn no other way. One of the things that I have learned is that, when a storm hits the East Coast and people are suffering, as a Member of Congress, I have to be there for them. When we have the tornadic activities and people suffer, I have to be there for them. Mr. Speaker, I want people to remember that suffering will teach you that which you can learn no other way. God bless you, and God bless our great country. 
TENNESSEE RADIO HALL OF FAME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor this year’s inductees to the Tennessee Radio Hall of Fame. Tennessee has a long history in the radio broadcast industry, dating back to the early 1920s. It has since grown to nearly 450 stations which, collectively, reach almost 7 million people. 
Tennessee’s radio outlets have served as a shining example, providing a consistent source of quality information, while never forgetting the core reason for their existence, which is to serve our growing communities. In light of that, I would like to take a moment to recognize this year’s Radio Hall of Fame inductees—Harry Chapman; Warren Medley; Dave Overton; Aaron Robinson, Sr.; Charlie Scott; and Cal Young, Jr.—all of whom, collectively, made decades of significant broadcast contributions prior to their death. In addition, I would like to recognize Maxine Humphreys, Cathy Martindale, and Bart Walker. Also, I would like to highlight those from my district in Chattanooga— Chattanooga’s very own Billy Joe Poindexter of WUSY, US 101; Keith Landecker of Power 94; Earl Freudenberg of WDYN AM 980; and station of the year, WUSY, US 101—all of whom continue to make significant contributions to the radio industry. On a personal note, when I was a lawyer in my district, I had a radio show. During that time, I had the privilege of working with Earl Freudenberg on the Dynamo of Dixie on AM 1310. I learned much from Earl during that time, and I am proud to call him a friend. Needless to say, I enjoyed my radio years in the Chattanooga community immensely. Again, I would like to congratulate this year’s Tennessee Radio Hall of Fame inductees. 
POLICE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, this is Police Week, a week which offers all of us an opportunity to honor those who selflessly keep our community safe. ‘‘To protect and serve,’’ that is more than just a slogan on the side of police cars across the country. It is a promise, a promise that brave men and women in uniform keep every day as they uphold law and order in our cities and towns. But to be able to protect and serve us, our law enforcement needs the tools and resources that are vital to successfully doing their job. And, unfortunately, some of that essential lifesaving equipment that they need to protect us and to protect themselves has been stripped away. Last June, President Obama arbitrarily and unilaterally decided to limit the 1033 surplus equipment program, a Federal program that provides lifesaving Defense Department equipment to State and local law enforcement agencies. Because of this illconceived action, I am hearing from the sheriffs, police chiefs, and law enforcement officials throughout the 18 counties that I am fortunate to represent. I am hearing about how the safety of the brave men and women in blue and their departments are being compromised by the President’s action. It is clear that the President’s decision to unilaterally cut access to lifesaving equipment was a kneejerk reaction that put politics in front of public safety, and that is something that we simply can’t let happen. So in response, Mr. Speaker, I have introduced the Protecting Lives Using Surplus Equipment Act to stop this action dead in its tracks and to ensure that any changes to this program are the result of a datadriven debate here in Congress, not through some arbitrary, unilateral action by the President. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in standing up against this administration’s attack on law enforcement safety by supporting my bill and making sure that our police have the equipment they need for their own safety and for the safety of the American people. They deserve nothing less. f 
NEW YORK STATE’S REJECTION OF THE CONSTITUTION PIPELINE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, during the winter months, natural gas demand in New York City outstrips the ability of existing pipelines to deliver natural gas from the nearby Marcellus gas field in Pennsylvania. This capacity limitation can cause gas prices to spike during cold weather. For example, on January 22, 2014, when the price in the Marcellus was $3.50 per thousand cubic feet, the New York City price was $123. I want to repeat that; $3.50 in the Marcellus, and in New York City the price was $123. Constraints on natural gas make electricity more expensive. High energy prices are especially hard on the poor. Businesses suffer and jobs are lost when they lack abundant supply of affordable, clean energy. However, there is a shovelready solution: build the Constitution pipeline to bring more of Pennsylvania’s Marcellus gas to New York. You would think that New York would welcome a new supply of clean, economical natural gas to lower consumer costs. However, on April 22, New York’s State Department of Environmental Conservation denied the construction of the Constitution pipeline needed to deliver more Pennsylvania gas. For several years, the Constitution Pipeline Company, a group led by Williams Partners, located in my district, has been developing an $875 million privately funded project to build a pipeline from Pennsylvania to Albany to deliver gas to the Iroquois pipeline and to consumers in New York State and in New England. b1100 The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission issued a certificate of public convenience and necessity for the Constitution pipeline in 2014. I want to repeat that. FERC approves of the pipeline. According to the company, FERC’s final environmental review of the proposed pipeline concluded that environmental impacts would be reduced to ‘‘less than significant levels.’’ A year and a half later, the State of New York decided to deny certification necessary to issue construction permits. The Williams Group worked with the State for 3 years, including two 1year extensions requested by the State, and yet the State asserted that information provided by the company concerning the 250 or so stream crossings was incomplete. The company refuted the State of New York’s assertions, saying: ‘‘Completely contrary to the New York DEC’s assertion, we provided detailed drawings and profiles for every stream crossing in New York, including showing depth of pipe. In fact, all stream crossings were fully vetted with the DEC throughout the review process. We are appalled . . .’’ Amazingly, Federal regulations provide no recourse to challenge a State’s rejection of a section 401 certification, so Constitution Pipeline may need to initiate legal action to contest the decision. The decision has every appearance of political motivation. The Wall Street Journal called it ‘‘Cuomo’s Energy Jobs Veto.’’ One has to wonder if the Governor of New York really wants to help the poor and if he can recognize a shovelready job when he sees one. This pipeline project would create 2,400 construction jobs and infuse $130 million of labor income into the region, in addition to providing a reliable supply of clean energy. The real victims in this matter, Mr. Speaker, are the people of New York. Hopefully, political agendas that threaten to deny New Yorkers the benefits of the Constitution pipeline will be confounded. In the meantime, the message from New York’s executive branch is that wouldbe energy suppliers to New York State need not apply. It appears to be time for consumers and their representatives to make their views known in Albany and for Congress—that is us—to revisit the pipeline permitting process. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, thank You for giving us another day. You have kept Your covenant with every generation. In a world shadowed by the many infidelities and many inconsistencies of frail humanity, grant us faith in Your enduring love and patience with us. Confirm the Members of the people’s House in Your power that they may accomplish the tasks You set before them. Since You have called them to serve this great Nation, grant them the gifts they need to discern Your holy will and accomplish deeds of justice and integrity, today and every day of their lives. May all that is done today be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. HIGGINS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HIGGINS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HIGGINS. Madam Speaker, on April 15, the Department of Transportation tentatively approved the Norwegian Air International’s request for a foreign air carrier permit, which would enable it to operate flights in the United States. This decision is inconsistent with the intent of the United StatesEuropean Union Air Transport Agreement and threatens thousands of U.S. jobs by undercutting American wages and working conditions. While Norwegian Air International is owned by a Norwegian company, it operates under a flag of convenience, which allows it to dodge Norway’s collective bargaining laws, tax regime, and regulatory climate. The application should be denied. I have cosponsored legislation to permit the issuance of this permit and will continue to work with my colleagues in a bipartisan fashion to ensure a level playing field for U.S. businesses and American workers. 
AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY IN LIBYA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, 5 years after the United States removal of Libyan dictator Qadhafi, Libya is a dangerous mess. U.S. policy was simple: remove the country’s dictator, then get out of town. Now there is chaos. The U.S. gave its blessings as arms were shipped into the Libyan tinderbox. Then Libya quickly exploded. Now Libya is a state of perpetual anarchy, civil war, and death. Al Qaeda and ISIS have since infiltrated Libya, exploiting the power vacuum United States policy created. At least 6,500 ISIS fighters control over 150 miles of the coast. ISIS will not stop in Libya. They are using the Libyan base as a hub from which to create mayhem across North Africa. To be clear, the United States has no plan when it comes to Libya. Libya is another example of an overall weak and indecisive U.S. foreign policy. Meanwhile, more terror by ISIS and evildoers will continue. And that is just the way it is. f 
ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, recently I called for a vote on legislation to address the threat of the Zika virus, but nothing was done. Now there are more than 1,000 and rising confirmed cases of Zika in the United States and its territories. Pregnant women and their children across the country are now more at risk as the summer months and mosquito season approach. It is just a matter of time. In fact, on Monday the Coachella Valley Mosquito and Vector Control District confirmed that the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which can carry Zika, was detected in my hometown of Coachella. Madam Speaker, no vote, no funding, means that you are willing to accept that children will be born with microcephaly. Allowing gridlock, hyperpartisanship, and congressional dysfunction to put women and their children at high risk is unacceptable to me and American families. As an emergency physician, I know that emergency funding now will allow physicians and scientists to better protect the health security of women and their children. Madam Speaker, let’s vote on emergency funding to combat Zika now before it is too late. 
RECOGNIZING JOCELYN GALT (Mr. ZINKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition to contributions of Jocelyn Galt, my agricultural expert. Agriculture is the number one industry in Montana. As Jocelyn goes to Montana, I recognize the contributions of her and her family to Montana. You may know that the Galts are pioneers in Montana and their family includes Jeannette Rankin, the first female Member of this body. She was a Member of this body before females were allowed to vote. 
I wish Jocelyn, as she returns to Montana and to farming and ranching, the very best, fair winds and following seas. Jocelyn Galt, Bravo Zulu. 
CELEBRATING U.S.ISRAEL RELATIONSHIP (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on Yom Ha’atzmaut, Israeli Independence Day, to celebrate the U.S.Israel relationship. Sixtyeight years ago, the Israeli Declaration of Independence announced that Israel ‘‘will be based on freedom, justice and peace as envisaged by the prophets of Israel; it will ensure complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion, race or sex; it will guarantee freedom of religion, conscience, language, education and culture.’’ To those who seek to undermine and delegitimize Israel at the U.N., I suggest that you ask whether your own countries value complete equality for everyone, irrespective of religion, race, or sex, or whether you even strive for that equality. To those who engage in economic warfare against Israel through boycotts, especially on college campuses, I ask why you attack a country that shares our own values of equality and freedom and vibrant debate even as you ignore those countries and regimes that subjugate the rights of their own people, those for whom women’s equality, LGBT rights, religious tolerance, and open political discourse are anathema to their leaders and those who encourage terrorism against innocent Israelis. Mr. Speaker, as President Johnson said: ‘‘America and Israel have a common love of human freedom and they have a common faith in a democratic way of life.’’ I stand proudly here today in deep support of our love of human freedom and unyielding support of our faith in a democratic way of life and in strong support of our great ally Israel on her 68th anniversary. 
RECOGNIZING 68TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 68th anniversary of the independence of the State of Israel. The United States and Israel have long maintained a strong friendship, and our two countries share much more in common than many realize. We believe in freedom and equality and share many basic rights, such as free elections, a free press, and freedom of religion. We were both founded by people seeking relief from tyranny, and we both continue to serve today as symbols of liberty in a world plagued by oppression. Israel is a beacon of democracy in a sea of violence and hostility, and it deserves our support. A strong Israel is key to stability and security in the Middle East. I will continue to stand with our friend and ally. f 
RAYNER EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS (Mr. BERA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an exceptional small business in my community: Rayner Equipment Systems. They have just been awarded the highest honor the United States Government can give to an American exporter. I had the pleasure of meeting Rich and Gordon Rayner and visiting the facility with Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and Sacramento business leaders earlier this year. Their hard work and competitiveness really highlight the innovation in America: the small businesses. It is why we have to open a fair playing field across this world. When we have that fair playing field, American companies win. I want to highlight Rich and Gordon Rayner and their innovation, their hard work, their tenacity, and their service to our country and our community. 
OPIOID ABUSE (Mr. TIPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TIPTON. Madam Speaker, the opioid abuse epidemic has tragically touched every corner of this Nation with over half of all drug overdoses linked to prescription opioids. At least once a day someone in my home State of Colorado loses a friend or family member due to drug abuse. In 2013, Colorado was ranked as having the second most prevalent epidemic prescription drug abuse in the country. The Colorado Consortium was created that year to form a collaborative group dedicated to finding solutions to opioid addiction and abuse. Efforts like the Colorado Consortium can help supplement existing programs in areas where they already operate. However, without raising national awareness of the heroin and opioid epidemic, these local efforts will continue to struggle to gain the resources they need. There is no silver bullet. It will take multifront, coordinated approaches to aid communities in combating the opioid epidemic. Beyond securing our borders and enabling law enforcement to do their jobs, expanding opioid abuse prevention and education efforts and treating those afflicted with addiction are the most important actions that Congress can take. That is the focus of our work in the House on the bipartisan heroin task force. f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF CRYSTAL JUDSON FAMILY JUSTICE CENTER (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Madam Speaker, at times, something important comes out of tragedy. For the past 10 years, the Crystal Judson Family Justice Center in Tacoma has been an example of that. Lane Judson began the center to honor the tragic loss of his daughter to domestic violence. Domestic violence knows no race, no age, no gender, sexual orientation, or income status. It affects all of us every day right where we live. Our community stepped up to support this center, a place that projects our best values as a community. This is a place that fosters truth and seeks justice for those who deserve it. It is a place of empowerment with caring staff who change the trajectory of lives and of families. Centers like this deserve our continued support, whether it be with our time, our donations, or with our public investments. This matters. I applaud the Judsons for carrying the memory of their daughter with advocacy rather than with anger. As the dad of two daughters, I am grateful for all that the Crystal Judson Family Justice Center does. I thank them for their hard work and 10 impactful years. I am grateful to be their partner. 
HEROIN AND OPIOIDS DAMAGING COMMUNITIES (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, 78 Americans die every day from an opioid overdose in this country. This trend is not an isolated problem. It is an epidemic that now outpaces deaths from motor vehicle accidents and is found in every geographic region across the country, from small farm towns, like in my district, to New York City. Statistics we have been hearing reveal a troubling reality. Addiction does not discriminate. It impacts the young, old, poor, rich, male, female, and it ruins the lives of all those involved. The package of bipartisan bills on the floor this week include two important elements. They ensure Federal dollars are allocated to the most effective programs and methods to reduce drug abuse while also providing doctors, law enforcement, and treatment facilities the better tools they need to combat this growing epidemic. These are solutions Americans in all walks of life need right now. 
Just last month, for example, Sacramento saw 10 people lose their lives in just 12 days from pills laced with fentanyl, a highly potent opioid, as well as in my own rural district, the continued push of heroin into the area especially as a higher value substitute for cartels as marijuana becomes more and more legal. We can and must do better. I encourage my colleagues from both sides to continue to act quickly so we can advance these solutions to the President’s desk and effectively tackle this crisis. 
b1215 AMERICA’S SMART AND STRONG NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Madam Speaker, May 1 marked the 5year anniversary of the SEAL Team 6 raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound in Pakistan. As cochair of the Special Operations Forces Caucus, I commend the targeted approach of our intelligence agencies and our special operators who brought this terrorist to justice. The success of that raid showed our enemies that America will not stop until those who threaten our safety are eliminated. Now we are facing a new and dynamic threat to our security in the form of ISIS, and last week we were reminded of the sacrifices of our servicemembers when Charles Keating IV, a Coronadobased Navy SEAL, was killed on the front lines of this fight. Just as we did 5 years ago, we must act decisively to destroy this threat, to support our men and women in uniform, and to keep Americans safe by following a smart and strong national security strategy that eliminates ISIS. 
ACHIEVING A PEACEFUL SOLUTION BETWEEN AZERBAIJAN AND ARMENIA (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PERRY. Madam Speaker, many Americans are deeply concerned over the recent surge in hostilities along the front line between Armenia and Azerbaijan. This outbreak of violence has claimed dozens of lives on both sides. As we have seen in eastern Ukraine and Georgia, Russia continues to exploit separatist movements along its periphery to pressure America’s friends and bring them back into its orbit. We must remain steadfast in our support for our friends in Azerbaijan in the face of this Russian meddling. These latest hostilities between Azerbaijan and Armenia, once again, remind us of the urgency to find a peaceful solution to the protracted Nagorno Karabakh conflict. I urge the administration to step up its efforts to achieve a peaceful solution and to work with both sides to stabilize the situation. f 
ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY, INC., BETA MU OMEGA CHAPTER (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Madam Speaker, I rise to congratulate the outstanding, the illustrious, the venerable Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Beta Mu Omega Chapter in Fort Worth, Texas, for its 80 years of dedicated service to the community. Founded in 1936 by 13 graduate women, the Beta Mu Omega Chapter has continued the founding organization’s commitment to scholarship, sisterhood, and service. Since its inception, Beta Mu Omega has provided numerous humanitarian services, volunteer hours, and financial contributions to the Fort Worth community. The chapter continues to give back to the community by providing Easter baskets for the children at the Polytechnic High School Daycare Center, by bringing cleaning supplies and toiletries to the residents of the Como Community Church of Hope, by purchasing books for children in Fort Worth through the Reading is Fundamental program, and by providing a scholarship opportunity for high school graduates, which has raised over $32,000 since 1976. I ask my colleagues to please join me in congratulating the Beta Mu Omega Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority for its 80 years of distinguished service to the Fort Worth community. 
VICE PRESIDENT GORE’S PREDICTIONS ARE NOT TRUE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speaker, in 2006, former Vice President Al Gore released his film, ‘‘An Inconvenient Truth.’’ Now, a decade later, most of Vice President Gore’s predictions, inconveniently, have not become true. For example, he claimed that Mount Kilimanjaro, Africa’s tallest peak, would be snow free within the decade; yet there is still snow on Kilimanjaro year round. Mr. Gore claimed that extreme weather would intensify due to climate change, but even the very liberal Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change found low confidence that extreme weather events would increase in the future. Mr. Gore also, conveniently, ignored the 15year halt in global warming. A recent peerreviewed study published in the journal ‘‘Nature’’ confirms this hiatus. The only truth is that Mr. Gore’s predictions, like those of many climate change extremists, simply have not become true. ASIAN PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH (Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Madam Speaker, I am proud to represent vibrant AAPI communities in my 44th Congressional District, and I salute my 12 Asian American and Pacific Islander colleagues here in the House, including six from California. May is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, which is a month dedicated to honoring the countless contributions and immeasurable accomplishments of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. The legacies of these communities are tied to both proud and dark chapters of American history. We remember the Chinese laborers who faced grueling conditions while constructing the Transcontinental Railroad, as well as the cruel irony of patriotic Japanese American troops who fought in World War II while their families back home were kept in U.S. internment camps. For generations, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have worked to better this country despite often facing discrimination and hardship. As educators, activists, artists, small business owners, servicemen and women, and elected officials, Asian American and Pacific Islanders have added so much to this Nation. They are a reminder that diversity continues to be America’s greatest strength. It is why I will continue to fight to fix our broken immigration system, to expand opportunities for people of all backgrounds, and to combat discrimination wherever it occurs. f 
TROY HISTORICAL SOCIETY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. TROTT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize the achievements of the historical society in Troy, Michigan. The society is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. Since 1966, this group of volunteers has been a valuable resource in our community. Their work has created the Troy Historic Village, a cultural destination which allows visitors to explore Michigan’s history and learn about the story of the city of Troy. History is a treasure that must be preserved and used for education. We need to understand our past in order to build a better future. Over the past 50 years, historical society members have led efforts to preserve 10 historic buildings at the village, and they have provided educational programs for 12,000 students annually. Madam Speaker, on behalf of the people of southeast Michigan, I congratulate the Troy Historical Society on its 50th anniversary. I am confident that in the years to come, the dedicated volunteers at the society will continue 
contributing to our community and continue connecting people with Troy’s rich historical heritage. 
HIGHER EDUCATION REFORM (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Madam Speaker, I believe everyone in this Chamber will agree with me that when we invest in our students and in our schools, we invest in the future success of this Nation. Yet, as I hear from so many of my students back home, the rising costs make affording college harder and harder for them and their families. On average, the class of 2016 will graduate with about $37,000 in student debt, up about 6 percent from last year. The number of students graduating from college with debt is about 70 percent of them. For this reason, comprehensive higher education reform should be at the forefront of our legislative agenda here in Congress. Programs such as the Pell grant and the Perkins Loan Program should be increased so that we can increase the availability of the American Dream. Next week I plan to reintroduce the Middle Class CHANCE Act, which will aid our students in affording college by increasing the strength of the Pell Grant. It is time for this Congress to address the increasing costs of college and make college more affordable for future generations and working families. 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF HANK LEVY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize the life of Mr. Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Levy and all of his accomplishments in improving the Savannah community. Born in 1927, in Savannah, to Morton and Sadie Kaufman, Mr. Levy began drawing on boards in his father’s architectural firm at the age of 14. This early interest in architecture, along with the guidance of his father, led Mr. Levy to attend Georgia Tech, and then architectural school in France. After graduation, Mr. Levy made numerous, significant improvements to the Savannah community. He led the effort to build the Harry S. Truman Parkway, a project that is now a major thoroughfare for Savannahians. Furthermore, he was awarded the project to build the oceanography center for Savannah, now called the Skidaway Institute of Oceanography. His other projects include designs for the Savannah Airport Terminal, Levy’s department store, the Great Southern Federal Bank building, and more than two dozen churches. Mr. Levy not only built structures for the Savannah area, but he had a generous heart and would help anyone in need. Once, he paid for the cap and gown of a student who couldn’t afford it when he graduated from Savannah State University. Mr. Levy died on Monday, May 2, 2016, at the age of 89. His heartfelt devotion and energetic spirit will truly be missed. f 
HONORING MARION FLETCHER AND TROY BUCK (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise in honor of two legends in the National FFA program. Marion Fletcher and Troy Buck have been leaders in the Future Farmers of America for more than 50 years each. Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Buck have taught students the values of hard work, morals, and leadership. The love these men hold for agriculture education is evident in the numerous awards and recognition that have been bestowed upon them. They have lived lives of service and dedication to Arkansas, to agriculture, and, most importantly, to the youth of our great State, modeling to us the FFA motto of ‘‘learning to do, doing to learn, earning to live, and living to serve.’’ While I congratulate them on their impending retirements, I can’t help but feel a loss for future generations of students who will miss out on the opportunity to learn from two men who impacted my life and the lives of countless others. Thank you, Mr. Buck and Mr. Fletcher, for your wisdom and mentorship. 
CONGRATULATING FRED FESENMYER ON YELLOW DOG AWARD (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize Fred Fesenmyer of Bradford, McKean County. Mr. Fesenmyer will be recognized next month with the PennBrad Oil Museum’s Yellow Dog Award, which is intended to recognize the leadership and dedication of those who have helped preserve the history of the Bradford Oil Field and its unique culture. The Bradford Oil Field is an essential part of Pennsylvania’s history since it was there that oil was first discovered in 1859, when Colonel Edwin Drake drilled the world’s first commercial oil well. Even today, Bradford is home to the Nation’s oldest continuously operating oil refinery. Fred’s contributions are vital to the region as the CEO of the world’s oldest familyowned and operated independent oil firm, the Minard Run Oil Company, which was founded by his greatgrandfather, Lewis Emery, Jr. In addition to his activities in business, Fred is an active member of the PennBrad Oil Museum and serves on multiple boards that are dedicated to the community, including the Bradford Airport Authority, the Pennsylvania Oil and Gas Association, and the Drake Well Foundation. I congratulate Mr. Fesenmyer on this achievement, and I wish him continued success in serving his community in the years ahead. f 
b1230 NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Madam Speaker, as we recognize National Police Week, I rise today for a somber occasion. I rise to honor the life and memory of Detective Brad Lancaster of the Kansas City, Kansas, Police Department who was tragically killed in the line of duty earlier this week. As a veteran of the United States Air Force and a 20year veteran of local police departments in the Kansas City metro area, he spent his career as a public servant, putting himself in harm’s way in order to keep our communities safer. Two days ago, he was shot and killed while assisting patrol officers responding to a suspicious person call. He was only 39 years old. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his loved ones left behind after this tragic event: his wife, his mother, and his two daughters, who are just ages 9 and 10. Mr. Speaker, as the Kansas City community and Detective Lancaster’s family begin to heal, let us never forget the selflessness and bravery of police officers across our country who work tirelessly each and every day to enforce our laws, protect our communities, and save lives. 
THE FACES OF OPIOID ABUSE DEMAND A SOLUTION (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, in 2014, our community leaders, families, and victims alike came together to fight the growing epidemic of heroin and opioid abuse in northern Illinois. Together we launched a districtwide action plan. Today we can celebrate many successes as its recommendations have been implemented. This year DuPage County celebrated 100 lives saved by first responders using Narcan. Lake County officers counted 65 rescues, and there are many more 
throughout the Chicago suburbs. Tragically, relapses and overdoses still claim lives. I have met families and parents who know this too well. Tim Ryan grew up in my district in Crystal Lake and overcame his own heroin habit only to see his own 20yearold son die of an overdose. Today, this afternoon, tonight, young people are still using heroin. Prescription drugs are still being abused in our communities. Our fight is far from over. We must continue to work through meaningful community and State partnerships. Connecting affected individuals and organizations with each other is paramount to our future success. The faces and the stories of heroin are real. They demand and deserve hope and solutions. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5046, about to be considered by the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 720 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5046. The Chair appoints the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1234 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, with Ms. FOXXin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today the United States is in the throes of an epidemic of prescription opioid and heroin abuse. Every Member of this body has heard a tragic story about a constituent who has become addicted to opioids, and, tragically, many have lost their lives to the addiction. The statistics are shocking. In 2014, 47,055 Americans died from a drug overdose. Of those deaths, 18,893 were attributable to prescription pain relievers and 10,574 were related to heroin. The number of opioids prescribed nearly tripled from 1991 to 2013. Though the United States has 5 percent of the world’s population, Americans consume 80 percent of the global opioid supply. More than half of chronic prescription drug abusers obtain those pills from prescriptions written for them or for friends or family members. In 2014, nearly half a million teenagers used prescription painkillers for nonmedical purposes. My home State of Virginia is not immune to the ravages of opioid addiction. In 1999, approximately 23 people died from abuse of fentanyl, hydrocodone, methadone, and oxycodone, the leading prescription opioids abused. By 2013, that number jumped to 386 prescription opioid deaths, a staggering increase of 1,578 percent. In 2013 alone, deaths attributed to fentanyl use increased by more than 100 percent. Data also shows a sharp rise in heroin deaths in Virginia. In 2010, 49 deaths were attributed to heroin use. By 2013, just 3 years later, that figure had risen to 213, an increase of 334 percent. The number of drug overdose deaths in Virginia surpassed the number of traffic fatalities for the first time in 2014. This is a problem that affects Americans in all regions of the country, across all socioeconomic levels, and one that Congress will address with passage of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016, and other opioid legislation approved by the House this week. H.R. 5046, sponsored by Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman JIM SENSENBRENNER , provides resources to States, localities, Indian tribes, and others to help fight the historic problem of opioid abuse. I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this bill. H.R. 5046 is an important, reasonable piece of legislation that will do a great deal to combat the opioid epidemic. It creates a comprehensive opioid abuse reduction program at the Department of Justice, which will direct Federal resources for drug abuse programs targeted at the opioid problem within our criminal justice system. By styling this as a competitive grant program for opioids, this bill will give States and localities maximum flexibility to attack opioid abuse issues unique to their communities. States will be able to use the grant funds for a variety of important criminal justice programs, including alternatives to incarceration, treatment programs for incarcerated individuals, juvenile opioid abuse, investigation and enforcement of drug trafficking and distribution laws, and significant training for first responders in carrying and administering opioid overdose reversal drugs like naloxone. States will also be allowed to enlist nonprofit organizations, including faithbased organizations, in the fight against opioid abuse. The bill authorizes this new program at $103 million annually over 5 years. Importantly, the comprehensive grant program created by H.R. 5046 is fully offset in accordance with the House CutGo protocol. This means that Congress has successfully directed funds to address the opioid epidemic by taking advantage of existing funding streams to Department of Justice grant programs. The result is no net increase in spending authorizations and no additional burden on the American taxpayer, which is a responsible, good government approach to this epidemic. 
H.R. 5046 is thoughtful, historic legislation that, once enacted, will help fulfill Congress’ duty to protect the American people. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chairwoman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to rise in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act. H.R. 5046 is an important complement to a wide range of legislation being considered in the House this week that is aimed at combating the devastating impact of drug abuse and addiction that is afflicting communities across our Nation. We are, in fact, in the midst of a major public health crisis caused by prescription and opioid abuse. It is a crisis that affects Americans of all ages, races, and income levels in our cities, suburbs, and rural areas across the United States. Drug overdoses are now the leading cause of death in our Nation. In my State of Michigan, for example, there were 1,745 drug overdose deaths in 2014, and more than half of these overdose deaths were attributed to opioids and heroin. In fact, 78 Americans die from an opioid overdose every single day. I am very familiar with the devastation heroin can exact over people and their communities. Heroin took a deadly toll on Detroit in the 1970s and is now threatening to take hold of a new generation of addicts. Armed with lessons learned from that era and the crack epidemic of the 1980s, we are wiser and more capable. This time we can and must do more to respond to this crisis. Fortunately, a number of States have undertaken various innovative measures to better respond to the rapid increase of individuals addicted to prescription opioids and heroin and to prevent individuals from dying as a result of drug overdose. For instance, the Judiciary Committee’s Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee held a hearing last year that examined, among other things, the promising use of the law enforcementassisted diversion approach employed in cities such as Seattle and Santa Fe. We have learned that there are successful ways to get addicts to treatment and to quickly provide them with needed services that address their addiction and prevent recidivism. We know that evidencebased treatment and treatment alternatives to incarceration work. The Comprehensive Opioid Addiction Recovery Act, as authorized by H.R. 5046, would establish a competitive grant program to provide funds to State and local governments to continue and improve their efforts to protect Americans from the dangers of opioid and heroin abuse and to make sure that addicts have access to the services that are provided. Funds from the new grant program could be used for the following purposes: treatment alternatives to incarceration, collaboration between State criminal justice agencies and State substance abuse systems, for first responders to purchase and be trained in the use of naloxone, medicationassisted treatment programs by criminal justice agencies, investigating the legal distribution of opioids, prescription drug monitoring programs, addressing juvenile opioid abuse, and for comprehensive opioid abuse response programs. b1245 Our communities need our assistance in meeting the threat of opioid abuse, and this bill before us will fund innovative approaches to the problem such as the LEAD program developed in Seattle that I mentioned earlier. H.R. 5046 would go a long way toward providing that critical help, and so, accordingly, I support this bill. I urge all my colleagues to give it their support as well. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations of the Committee on the Judiciary, and the chief author of this legislation. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act. The misuse of and addiction to opioids, such as heroin, morphine, and other prescription pain medications, has had a devastating hold on this country. It affects every State and every district. Prescription painkillers and heroin are the primary driving forces behind this epidemic. According to the Federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in 2014, 45 percent of the people who used heroin reported that they were also addicted to prescription painkillers. Additionally, drug overdoses now surpass automobile accidents as the leading cause of injuryrelated death for Americans between the ages of 25 and 64. Nearly a half million Americans lost their lives to drug overdoses in 2015. More than 800 of those deaths occurred in my home State of Wisconsin, double the number of deaths from overdoses in 2004, just 11 years earlier. Yet, despite these staggering numbers, the crisis is getting worse. Drug overdose deaths have increased 137 percent since 2010, with opioidrelated overdose deaths increasing by 200 percent. The moment to reverse our current course and make a genuine and lasting impact in the fight against addiction is here. All over the country, people are calling on Congress to find solutions. In townhall meetings, on the campaign trail, and through social media, lawmakers are hearing heartbreaking stories from families and friends of addicted individuals and leaders of impacted communities. There is no single solution to this epidemic. The most effective way to approach addiction is to pursue a comprehensive response, which must include a strict focus on prevention, law enforcement strategies to stop drug dealers and traffickers, a plan to address overdosing, and a plan to strengthen opioid abuse treatment and recovery options for those struggling with their addiction. The Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act is an important piece of this puzzle. While State and local officials and community organizations must be at the forefront of confronting this challenge, the Federal Government should help support these efforts. My legislation authorizes the Attorney General to make grants available to States and localities for a number of services related to opioid and heroin abuse. The grant program contains eight allowable uses of the grant funds, which are broadly construed to give States flexibility in responding to the epidemic within their borders, meaning not a onesizefitsall program. These include alternatives to the incarceration programs; collaboration between criminal justice agencies and substance abuse systems; training for first responders in carrying and administering opioid overdose reversal drugs, including naloxone; and prescription drug monitoring programs. It is imperative that we pursue aggressive measures to stint opioids’ dangerous progression, for a stronger, more prosperous America. The Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act is a commonsense and bipartisan approach that addresses the issue headon and will make a positive impact on our fight against addiction. H.R. 5046 is fully offset and contains strong accountability provisions to ensure funding is spent wisely. I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE and my colleagues in the Senate for their tremendous work while addressing the opioid epidemic. I am optimistic that, with passage of this bill and the additional opioid measures the House of Representatives is considering this week, we can go quickly to conference and send meaningful legislation to the President for his signature. I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 5046. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chairwoman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations of the Committee on the Judiciary, who has done tremendous work on this subject. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank the distinguished ranking member and the dean of this institution for yielding and for his leadership; but it is 
even more powerful that the leadership joins with our distinguished chairman of the full committee, Mr. GOODLATTE , because this is the beginning of our effort of criminal justice reform that certainly has been one of the guiding focuses of the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , who has, likewise, been a former chair of the full committee but has steadily worked on thoughtful legislation dealing with the overall issue of criminal justice reform. I am delighted to be a partner in this legislation and to be a cosponsor and to work on this whole concept of dealing with opioids but, as well, to deal with the question of criminal justice reform with a whole new attitude. I might say that I heard words from Leader PELOSI yesterday evening as she received the Hubert H. Humphrey Civil and Human Rights Award. She indicated that there are three major issues that we should be governed by in this Congress: number one, children; number two, children; and number three, children. One might ask: Why are we discussing children? I thought we were discussing the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016, and that we are. I am very pleased that it is a very forthright and thoughtful approach to this issue. I support it. But it is a compilation, if you will, of many thoughts about how we should deal with the question of mass incarceration. What does mass incarceration deal with? It deals with human beings. It deals with men and women. It deals with families. It deals with mothers who have children. Previously, if you were on any manner of drugs or you possessed drugs, you were nonviolent, you were incarcerated. If you were on crack or cocaine, you were incarcerated. I commend the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , for his work, as I said, and Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member CONYERS because we now have, from the Committee on the Judiciary, a legislative initiative that does not have mandatory minimums. In fact, it deals with a passionate and compassionate approach, and it deals with the issue of addiction and recovery, the bill that I was a sponsor of earlier, a predecessor to this one, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I would be happy to see the committee pass that bill, but I am pleased that we have been able to work together to produce an alternative bill that will help address issues related to opioid abuse—again, I emphasize, no mandatory minimums, but a way of addressing this question, Madam Chair, that I think will be long term. I look forward to continued collaboration with my colleagues to find additional solutions to the drug crisis America now faces. We must take action because today a leading killer of Americans is drug overdose. Between 2000 and 2014, almost a half million people died from drug overdoses. Many of these deaths were preventable. In 2014 alone, more than 47,000 people died of drug overdoses. The largest percentage of overdose deaths in 2014 was attributable to opioids like prescription painkillers, methadone, morphine, and heroin. Therein lies the origin of this massive impact, including our juveniles, who find them in many different ways. Specifically, 28,647 people overdosed and died because of an opioid in 2014. We are experiencing an emergency that impacts citizens in every State, city, and town in this country—that is, prescription painkiller and opioid abuse. This emergency is compounded due to the perilous connection between prescription painkillers and heroin. I get it. We understand that physicians who did take their oath very seriously wanted to provide the medical care, the legitimate medical care when there was a massive response to pain from all of their patients and others. Prescription painkiller abuse is the strongest risk factor for future heroin use, but it came about maybe not through the prescription and the initial prescription, but from lack of information that patients should have about the impact of opioids: what it does to the brain, what it does when you do not have it, how you become addicted. So out of this, approximately three out of four new heroin users report that their use began with their abuse of prescription painkillers initially given to them legitimately for medical reasons. Heroin use becomes appealing to those addicted to prescription painkillers because it is cheaper and easier to obtain. Due to its potency, heroin use tends to lead to addiction. The same kind of lack of information maybe led to a young woman, in my district, on hydrocodone with two little babies in the car driving and sideswiping two cars and killing an innocent person on a motorcycle. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chair, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 2 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Or the mother who gave hydrocodone and alcohol as a prom gift to her son and his date. That date wound up dead at the end of that prom. The rate at which the occurrence of heroin overdose deaths increased is cause for alarm. In the 4 years between 2010 and 2014, heroin overdoses more than tripled. This legislation encourages the development of alternatives to incarceration that provide treatment as a solution to the underlying motivation for criminal behavior or conduct associated with mental disorders. We must make our best efforts. It puts police in a position to be trained to use those drugs that will help when they come upon an unconscious person, like naloxone. It allows the criminal justice system to talk to the substance abuse system. In essence, it increases the use and availability of those drugs. Addiction is a disease; we recognize that. Finally, if I might say, I started with children, children, children. Just today, Dr. Phil is here discussing the foster care system. He said that most children are taken away because of neglect, and that neglect is based upon the use of drugs. That is a wrong direction. The direction should be that we keep families together, we invest, and we provide the training to provide them parental skills and, if they are addicted, to get them off of those addictive ways to be able to keep families together. Today I will introduce a bill that provides for nurseries in the Federal prison system for women in shortterm nonviolent offenses, mostly drug offenses, to reinforce the value of mothers and children being together. This bill, even though it may not point to that, is an overall change of attitude that looks to America and says: We want you not to be addicted. We don’t want you to be on prescription drugs and lead you to addiction after your illness is over. We want you to be cared for medically, but we don’t want you to become addicted. In order to do that, we are not going to criminalize you. We are going to give you treatment and allow the criminal justice system— police, prosecutors, and others—to have an alternative to ensure that that can be done. I am very pleased that we are on the floor today. I know that we will have an omnibus tomorrow. I hope that you will support the underlying bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chairman, it is now my pleasure to yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and congratulate him on a great bill. When the abuse of prescription medications silently took hold of rural towns in Appalachia over a decade ago, we knew we had to do something to curb the rising tide of addiction and overdose deaths. b1300 We gathered individuals from all disciplines and backgrounds—teachers, preachers, parents, judges, cops, doctors, pharmacists, community leaders, and others—to brainstorm as to what we could do to address the staggering problem. We quickly realized there was no silver bullet that could easily solve the crisis, but we responded by creating a holistic, multidisciplinary organization called Operation UNITE: Unlawful Narcotics Investigations Treatment and Education. Since 2003, UNITE’s law enforcement agents have confiscated more than $12 
million worth of these drugs and arrested over 4,300 bad actors. But we also established 30 drug courts so that the nonviolent offenders could get their lives back on track. UNITE established a tollfree treatment referral helpline, receiving 1,200 calls a month. We have provided 4,000 free vouchers to individuals who otherwise would be unable to access treatment for their addiction. UNITE also works hard to engage our young people through community coalitions of thousands of people as well as UNITE clubs in our schools. Over 100,000 students have taken part in antidrug education activities to warn about the dangers of prescription drugs. Today it is difficult to imagine a single town in the country that has eluded the devastating grasp of opioid addiction. So UNITE took its model to the national stage. Over the past 5 years, the National Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit in Atlanta has brought together thousands of our country’s brightest, most dedicated minds. At the Federal level, we should be replicating UNITE’s holistic, multipronged approach. I am, therefore, proud to support this bill, which will enable communities around the country to unite to implement similar strategies, incorporating law enforcement, treatment, and education. There is no silver bullet, Mr. Chairman, to bring an end to addiction, but together we can certainly save lives and restore hope in every community. I think this bill allows that to occur. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), who is very concerned about this issue. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER for all their good work on this. This is really one of the great days, great weeks, I think, on this House floor because of what we are doing here to address the heroin and opioid crisis in America. It is sad to watch someone from Virginia and someone from Wisconsin and someone from Michigan and someone from Ohio and someone from Texas all get up and really kind of embody and express how deep this problem is in our country today. I know we have all been to calling hours and we have all been to funerals and seen up close and personal how devastating this epidemic is here in the United States. Like many of my colleagues, unfortunately, Ohio has now seen accidental deaths by overdose surpass even car accidents. So we all need to come together, Democrats and Republicans, to try to solve this problem. I think this week is a major step in that direction. I am supporting the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act and many other bills that are coming to this floor this week. In Trumbull County alone, one of my biggest counties, a few months back we had 22 overdoses and, of that, 7 deaths in that one county. This is pervasive in Cuyahoga County, which is Cleveland. We have almost one death a day that we are dealing with in Ohio. So the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act program creates at the Department of Justice a real opportunity for us to fix this program. It focuses on how we can tackle substance abuse through preventative programs, expansion of the prescription drug programs, and resources for veteran treatment court programs. That is one of the key elements of this: how we are going to make sure our veterans can get diverted through veterans courts. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. DONOVAN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. In Ohio alone, we have seen first responders use naloxone. In 2013, over 12,000 doses were administered. This is a huge problem. We have seen the men and women and we have seen the families that have been destroyed because of this. I hope that, as we get the Senate bill out of conference, we make sure that it is comprehensive, that it is addiction, treatment, and recovery, and, as we move through the budget process, through the appropriations process, we make sure that there is the appropriate revenue, the appropriate amount of money, going to these programs that will ultimately hit the ground and help us get our arms around this program. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MIMIWALTERS ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Ms. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, across the United States we are faced with a substance abuse epidemic that results in overdoses, addiction, and, for too many, death. From opioids to heroin, no community—not even Orange County, the place I have called home for 50 years—is immune. Statistics show that nearly 130 people die every single day from drug abuse. Though this is a nationwide epidemic, there is not a onesizefitsall cure to addiction. That is why the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act is so important. This bill will create a grant program to help State and local governments combat opioid addiction in their communities and give them flexibility to dedicate resources to the needs of their specific community, whether that means prescription drug monitoring programs, overdose treatment training for first responders, or rehabilitation programs. This legislation passed the Judiciary Committee with unanimous support. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill because its passage will save lives and help Americans suffering from addiction reclaim their lives. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this critical legislation to address the nationwide opioid epidemic which has affected south Florida, where I am from, as it has communities from California to New Hampshire. Today I want to tell you about a related crisis that is obstructing the recovery of addicts and damaging the character of south Florida neighborhoods, and neighborhoods across the Nation. I am talking about the overproliferation in residential areas of group homes for recovering addicts called sober homes. In theory, it is a very good thing, a way to reintegrate addicts back into the community. It is activity protected by two historic laws that prohibit discrimination in housing against persons with disabilities. But this civil rights protection is being abused by two many unscrupulous actors who are luring young adults away from their families and placing them in group homes that have no standards and then leaving them to their own devices until their insurance runs out. The result is an overdosing nightmare as well as an increase in homelessness, code enforcement violations, and crime. Making matters worse, cities and towns feel regulation and consumer protection would be in violation of Federal law. As a consequence, we are seeing thousands of sober homes in south Florida disrupting services and the health and safety of neighborhoods and leaving young people who are trying to repair their lives spiraling back into hopelessness. Mr. Chair, I urge this Congress and the President to work with folks in my area and around the country to find the proper balance between protecting the rights of addicts and getting them recovered and keeping the integrity and character of our neighborhoods. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5046. I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for his work to combat the Nation’s opioid epidemic. This legislation is important to the whole country and will especially have positive impacts in Arkansas by freeing up new grants for funds for drug courts. Drug courts have a positive impact on people’s lives and are integral to countering our Nation’s opioid epidemic. Drug courts in Arkansas have a strong record of success. Last week I visited with Judge Berlin Jones in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. His Jefferson County drug court has a recidivism rate of only 4.9 percent. Drug courts have also saved billions of taxpayer dollars, on average, because it costs $14 a day to send a person to a drug court whereas incarceration costs $58 per day in my State of Arkansas. Taxpayers also save money because these individuals can return to 
the workforce and provide for their families. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 5046 to counter this epidemic ruining our families and communities. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ). Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act, which will provide more effective cooperation between our law enforcement and treatment agencies, grow our treatment capabilities, and strengthen programs for training and veterans. This bill is an important step in combating the growing costs of the terrible opioid epidemic. Just last year, in my home State of New Hampshire, deadly overdoses following the abuse of heroin killed over 430 people. That staggering figure marks the rising toll of this epidemic. I commend my colleagues for offering this legislation as part of the response to the epidemic and as part of a wider plan moving through the House this week. This bill aims to bring sorely needed resources to different groups and agencies working to help families and individuals in need, sometimes in desperate need. For too long, too many of those helping our sons and daughters and our veterans have been underfunded in their efforts. This week we have heard and shared stories of people suffering from this epidemic all over the country. These stories help us draft and pass effective response to the needs of our communities. We know that no one bill or amendment on its own is equal to the massive scale of this epidemic, but together they can begin to address some of its worst effects and harshest consequences. We need to incorporate the best practices that have emerged across disciplines and different agencies, and we need to ensure cooperation between actors on the ground. As part of the House response to the Senatepassed Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, this bill represents our commitment to restoring hope in shattered communities. I have been a proud sponsor of many of the bills coming forward this week, and I am pleased that so many have passed and many more are expected to pass today. We provide a cohesive, unified, and farreaching legislative package to meet the enormity of this epidemic, and I believe we have begun to move in that direction. I thank my colleagues for their dedication and tireless work to support this effort. I particularly want to commend Chairman GOODLATTE on his leadership and his efforts as we continue to help and provide hope for people not just in New Hampshire, but all across the country. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Reduction Act of 2016, because we need to ensure that every State has the tools they need to fight the opioid abuse epidemic. H.R. 5046 establishes a comprehensive opioid abuse grant program to provide training to first responders, criminal investigation for the distribution of opioids, resident treatment centers, and drug courts. Approximately 47,000 Americans died from drug overdoses in 2014, and approximately 21.5 million people ages 12 and older suffer from substance abuse. As a lifelong pharmacist, I have seen firsthand the struggles that these people face. H.R. 5046 seeks to fight the opioid epidemic through a grant program that would provide States with the resources to provide programs to help Americans fight this disease. It would help improve prescription drug monitoring programs, help address juvenile opioid abuse, give first responders the training to reverse opioid overdoses, and improve access for veterans in treatment court. The only way we are going to be able to fight this battle is if we work together as a team to educate and help victims of the opioid abuse. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. b1315 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, like many States across the country, heroin and opioid addiction is shattering people’s lives in my State of Michigan as well. To the families that are suffering, we are here to offer solutions, to provide hope, and help them recover and get back on their feet. There are many communitybased programs and groups in my district working on the front lines to raise awareness and combat this public health crisis; groups like the Monroe County Substance Abuse Coalition, the Eaton County Substance Abuse Advisory Council, Andy’s Angels in Jackson, and many more. In Lenawee County, my home county, community stakeholders recently came together to hold an addiction summit, and a recovering addict from Monroe County recently organized a march to show there is hope after heroin. Their work on the local level is absolutely critical. Here at the Federal level, we must work sidebyside with our State and local partners to stop the damaging trends of addiction in its tracks. The bipartisan legislation we are considering today establishes a comprehensive opioid abuse reduction program, and gives State and localities the flexibility to tailor prevention and treatment efforts to the specific needs of their communities. I want to thank my colleague, Representative SENSENBRENNER , for his leadership on the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act, and I encourage its passage so we can help rebuild and save lives in our communities. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ). Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlemen from Virginia and from Wisconsin for their great work on this important issue. I rise in strong support of the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act for many reasons, but one in particular, for the support that it now gives to Veterans Treatment Courts. As a former prosecutor, I saw firsthand the effectiveness of this. But we are also seeing amongst those who are struggling with opioid addiction a unique cohort being veterans. Many of them are returning—in fact, 67 percent of our returning vets face mental health challenges, and too many of them are choosing to selfmedicate, or are dealing with injuries that they have acquired, through opioids. It has led to not only addiction, but other kinds of behaviors. When we are able to bring them into the court system under the guidance, it creates not only the oversight of the system but, as well, the promotion of this peertopeer in which other veterans enable them to work together to get back not only their dignity and their lives, but they take advantage of the kinds of resources that we have within the veterans system to deal with the underlying addiction and other kinds of issues. This is a tremendous additional effort to authorize a program which we have been able to support here in Congress and create permanence for it. I believe this is another important opportunity for us not to leave our injured back on the battlefield. I thank the gentlemen for their support. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD). Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this measure. As a former State and Federal prosecutor who has been in charge of prosecuting narcotics cases, I have seen 
firsthand the devastating effect that opioid and heroin addiction has had. This nationwide opioid and heroin epidemic stretches home into my district in central and west central Illinois. Seventyeight people die from heroin or opioid overdoses each day. That has quadrupled since 1999. Now it is the leading cause of death, far surpassing deaths by motor vehicle accidents. Just last week I hosted a series of roundtable forums across my district to personally hear from law enforcement officers, medical professionals, treatment providers, local government officials, and those who have lost loved ones due to overdose. They shared with me the reality of the situation back home. Law enforcement has had to double its onhand stock of Narcan, and expand training for police officers when it comes to these overdoses. Heroin is now the primary abused substance in drug court programs like the one in Springfield, Illinois, but those programs are at capacity. Treatment centers have waitlists over 40 days. The consensus is clear. This is a public health crisis. To end it, we need to do a number of things. Update medical best practices for coping with pain. We need to expand access to addiction specialists and treatment centers. We need to give law enforcement the tools they need, and we must continue to promote programs like drug courts. Because this problem is complex, it must be addressed from all angles, and that is precisely what we are doing in the House this week. This bill will address this epidemic, and the concerns I heard last week. It would establish a comprehensive opioid abuse reduction program at the Department of Justice, target Federal resources directly at the opioid problem, give States flexibility, and create a streamlined comprehensive opioid abuse grant program. Without raising taxes, this measure authorizes $103 million each year for a variety of programs, including residential substance abuse treatment, drug courts, training for law enforcement and first responders. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to yield an additional 1 minute to Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Chairman, this funding includes treatment for law enforcement and first responders, and criminal investigations for the unlawful distribution of these opioids. Opioid addiction transcends socioeconomic boundaries, racial, gender, regional, and educational boundaries. We need to address this crisis now. I thank my colleague, Mr. SENSEN BRENNER , and Chairman G OODLATTE , for bringing this legislation forth. This is a problem that is preventable, and we are doing something about it this week in the Congress. I am proud to support this legislation. I look forward to supporting it. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased now to yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, it has been refreshing and important to listen to the many Members from all over the country discussing this important initiative and, more proudly, it is from the Judiciary Committee, which is the holder of the laws and the Constitution of this land. We are here indicating an admittance and a recognition that addiction, and opioids, and all kinds of addictions are not necessarily a crime, and that we do not come to this floor, in this bill, with mandatory minimums. So I want to follow up on some statements that I made on the floor yesterday and also in the Rules Committee concerning the contrast in the way we are dealing with the opioid crisis and the way we addressed crack cocaine in the 1980s. Many of those individuals from neighborhoods like mine, many of them still are incarcerated. And at that time, we—I was not here—Congress took action that we are still trying to rectify. At one point, more than 80 percent of the defendants sentenced for crack cocaine offenses were African Americans, despite the fact that more than 66 percent of crack users were either White or Hispanic. As we work on other legislation to address the enforcement and sentencing disparities related to crack issues, we must reexamine our approach to that and other drug issues. I think we are on the right track. I think we are being fair. This week, the House has been engaged in a comprehensive approach to addressing a serious public health crisis involving heroin and other opioids. In my earlier statement, I complimented my chairman of the full committee and my chairman of the subcommittee because we are working together. Overdoses and deaths involving heroin are on the rise. While law enforcement has an appropriate role, the bills, including H.R. 5046 before us now, reflect a broader strategy that reflects the fact that this is an addiction issue. I know that Mr. CONYERS and many others who are on this floor, Mr. DAVIS, we come from innercity communities, and we have watched the young people of our community die and lose their future life through crack cocaine. Accordingly, we are not raising sentences or impacting mandatory minimums, but we are funding antiaddiction mechanisms such as treatment alternatives to incarceration, and we are bringing in the police persons, the police departments. What a great idea: criminal justice and substance abuse and police persons dealing with this issue in a nonincarceration mode. We are not adding to mass incarceration with all of the related and devastating collateral consequences but, instead, we are incentivizing State and local governments to prevent, treat, and heal. That is what we should be doing, and that is what we should have done for crack and cocaine addicts. We are learning. We understand now that we have a different pathway, but it is not too late. So I am saying to my colleagues here as we are working together, we should find a way before Congress has completed its work on this legislation and send a bill to the President that applies a more comprehensive approach, or a comprehensive approach that adds to this very strong foundation, including treatment alternatives for those who may still be suffering from crack and cocaine addiction. I remember signing the sentencing, the reduction bill that we had in 2009 dealing with the crack cocaine disparities. We came together as a bipartisan group. So I know that these are things that we can do. I have had this issue and discussed it with the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), and I hope that we can work together as we move forward and that our colleagues can work together as we move forward to look at these issues because if we walk our neighborhoods today, from one inner city to the next, and maybe our rural communities, we will find those crack cocaine addicts. Mr. CONYERS. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. CONYERS. I just want the gentlewoman to know that her recollection of the years before, where we have come from a more narrow focus, more punitive, and we now are seeing a newer strategy that is far more useful, far more successful than before. And I want to congratulate her for her perseverance and determination that we will still get it even better under control through our looking carefully at the results of our activities. I thank the gentlewoman. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman. I look forward to working with all of my colleagues. As I finish, let me just say that today, again, I will be introducing the recidivism—to End Infant Mortality and Reduce Recidivism bill dealing with incarcerated women. Many of those women are incarcerated because of drug addiction issues that involve the possession or sale of narcotics. What we are attempting to do, if a baby is born in prison, we are attempting to recognize that they should not be separated from that mother, and to have some postnatal nursery situation in a pilot program to examine how that works, because we know that addiction, in many instances, has caused women to be incarcerated. There are many issues that we can look at, and I hope, as we work our way through this, we will find some solutions for those who are still addicted to crack cocaine and need some of the 
same or similar services that this underlying legislation has. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016, of which I am an original cosponsor. I commend the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, JIMSENSENBRENNER , for his work on this bill and I also commend Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member CONYERS for their ability to find common ground on this very important issue. I also note that I was a cosponsor of a similar bill that was the predecessor to this one, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I would have been happy to see the Committee pass that bill, but I am pleased that we have been able to work together to produce an alternative bill that will help address issues related to opioid abuse. I look forward to continued collaboration with my colleagues to find additional solutions to the drug crisis America now faces. We must take action because today a leading killer of Americans is drug overdose. Between 2000 and 2014, almost half a million people died from drug overdoses. Many of these deaths were preventable. In 2014 alone, more than 47,000 people died of drug overdoses. The largest percentage of overdose deaths in 2014 was attributed to opioids—like prescription painkillers, methadone, morphine, and heroin. Specifically, 28,647 people overdosed and died because of an opioid in 2014. We are experiencing an emergency that impacts citizens in every state, city, and town in this country—that is prescription painkiller and opioid abuse. This emergency is compounded due to the perilous connection between prescription painkillers and heroin. Prescription painkiller abuse is the strongest risk factor for future heroin use. Approximately three out of four new heroin users report that their use began with their abuse of prescription painkillers. Heroin use becomes appealing to those addicted to prescription painkillers because it is cheaper and easier to obtain. Due to its potency, heroin use tends to lead to addiction. Heroin addiction is often deadly, leading to overdose or other chronic diseases. The rate at which the occurrence of heroin overdose deaths increased is cause for alarm. In the four years between 2010 and 2014, heroin overdoses more than tripled. More than 10,500 people died from heroin overdoses in 2014. In 2013, more than 8,200 people died from heroin overdoses. In that same year, 11 million people admitted to improper use of prescription of painkillers. Not only were 11 million people at risk of overdosing due to their abuse of prescription painkillers, 11 million people were also at high risk of becoming addicted to heroin—with its attendant risks and dangers. This current crisis requires an immediate and comprehensive response and the bill before us today is one element of a broader strategy. This bill will establish a grant program, to be administered by the Department of Justice, to assist states and local governments, particularly by helping criminal justice agencies to tackle the opioid problem from a variety of angles. This bill encourages the development of alternatives to incarceration that provide treatment as a solution to the underlying motivation for criminal behavior or conduct associated with mental disorders. We must make our best efforts to prevent individuals from moving from painkillers to heroin by making treatment for addicts more accessible by encouraging the use of evidence based programs, such as medicationassisted treatment. Lifesaving overdose reversal drugs, like naloxone, are most valuable in the hands of trained individuals who regularly come in contact with individuals who are prone to drug overdoses. This bill will increase the use and availability of naloxone and other overdose reversal drugs to first responders. Addiction is a disease that affects the brain and eventually changes the behavior of addicts, causing them to experience mental health issues and encounter legal problems. Treatment is the most reasonable and effective approach to diverting these individuals away from homelessness and prison. There are also specific provisions in this bill that allow for a wide range of services to be offered to our veterans who tend to suffer from mental health issues and addiction. I support this bill because I believe that it will help save lives and prevent and treat opioid addiction. The approach Congress is taking with the crisis of heroin and other opioids is thoughtful and comprehensive. I hope it signals a departure from some of the failed approaches concerning other drug crises in the past. For instance, our response to the surge in crack cocaine in the 1980s was to enact draconian mandatory minimum penalties with vastly disparate treatment for crack and powder cocaine. Unfortunately, that exacerbated the disproportionate minority impact of our drug laws and their enforcement. Today, no matter who is suffering from the effects of illegal drugs, we must learn from the past and embrace new ways of addressing the problem. The bill before us today, and the approaches contained in other legislation passed by the Senate and introduced in the House, reflect our experience in dealing with drug prevention, addiction, treatment, and recovery. While there is still work to do in Congress to address the mistakes of the past with respect to mandatory minimum sentences that are unjust, unwise and financially unsustainable, I commend my colleagues for embracing drug treatment, alternatives to incarceration, and improved training to first responders and the criminal justice system on how to put substance abusers on a better path. With those considerations in mind, and a hopeful note about the progress we are making in our approach to these issues, I ask that my colleagues join me in voting in favor of this important bill. I want to follow up on my earlier statement concerning the contrast in the way we are dealing with the opioid crisis and the way we addressed crack cocaine in the 1980s. At that time, we Congress took action that we are still trying to rectify. At one point, more than 80% of the defendants sentenced for crack offenses were African American, despite the fact that more than 66% of crack users are white or Hispanic. As we work on other legislation to address the enforcement and sentencing disparities related to the crack issue, we must reexamine our approach to that and other drug issues. This week, the House has been engaged in a comprehensive approach to addressing a serious public health crisis involving heroin and other opioids. Overdoses and deaths involving heroin are on the rise. While law enforcement has an appropriate role and the bills’ recognize that, the bills—including H.R. 5046 before us now—reflect a broader strategy that reflects the fact that this is an addiction issue. Accordingly, we are not raising sentences or impacting mandatory minimums but we are funding antiaddiction mechanisms such as treatment alternatives to incarceration. We are not adding to mass incarceration— with all of the related and devastating collateral consequences—but instead we are incentivizing state and local governments to prevent, treat, and heal. That is what we should be doing, and that 
is what we should have done for crack and cocaine addicts. But it is not too late—we should find a way, before Congress has completed its work on this legislation and sends a bill to the President, to apply this more comprehensive approach, including treatment alternatives, to those suffering from crack and cocaine addiction. I urge my colleagues to work with me to do this. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to yield back after the gentleman from Michigan yields back. I reserve the balance of my time. b1330 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Members of the Committee, we have had a very interesting and important discussion. As an original cosponsor of H.R. 5046, we see more clearly how it will provide critical grants to prevent and treat opioid abuse and addictions, and, most importantly, because it will help save lives. So, in closing, I want to commend my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee in particular for their work on this measure, starting with our chairman, Mr. GOODLATTE , and our subcommittee chairman, JIMSENSEN BRENNER , for his extraordinary leadership in crafting this important bill, and, of course, our gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for her continuing vigilance to improve our approaches towards dealing with this opioid abuse and addiction challenge. This bill before us has the power to fortify America’s fight against the opioid epidemic. I am extremely proud to not only support it, but I urge all of my colleagues to join with me. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, let me say I appreciate the huge, bipartisan support that this legislation has attracted. I have been working on legislation to deal with Department of Justice grants in the opioid addiction area for over 2 years. It took a while, and, unfortunately, it took the expansion of a problem into an epidemic to show this Congress that we have to act, we have to act comprehensively, and we have to act in a manner that actually goes down to our communities to help out those communities and, more importantly, the people who are addicted and their families. The package of bills that the House has debated yesterday and is debating today does exactly that. For those who criticize Congress for not doing anything, this is something that is probably going to have a very, very meaningful impact on the lives and livelihoods of people who have gotten hooked on something, and it gives them a way out in a compassionate and effective manner. Let me say I am not sure that the American public is going to realize the importance of what we are doing today, because I see the wideopen spaces in the press gallery above the Speaker’s rostrum. I think that is unfortunate because this is something, number one, that is important; number two, it will help people; number three, it is bipartisan, which shows very clearly that we don’t spend all of our time here arguing and fighting amongst ourselves; and number four, it is bicameral. This is Congress the way it should work and the way it is working in a lot more cases than many in the American public think it is. So I guess my message to everybody today is, number one, we are doing our job, and we are doing our job with this legislation in a vitally important manner to help turn some lives around and to prevent tragedy; and number two, the fact that we can get together to deal with a national problem in a bipartisan manner shows that we take our job seriously, whether we sit on the Democratic side of the aisle or the Republican side of our aisle, and we are rising to the occasion. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–52. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: H.R. 5046 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016’’. 
‘‘The Attorney General shall not finally disapprove any application (or any amendment to that application) submitted under this part without first affording the applicant reasonable notice of any deficiencies in the application and opportunity for correction and reconsideration. 
‘‘The Attorney General shall ensure equitable geographic distribution of grants under this part and take into consideration the needs of underserved populations, including rural and tribal communities. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . DONOVAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 2, line 6, strike ‘‘part HH’’ and insert ‘‘part DD or HH’’. Add at the end of the bill the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the amendment offered by myself and Mr. TURNER . This amendment expands eligibility for existing familybased substance abuse treatment grants to include pregnant women. In New York State alone, over 1,700 pregnant women pass through our corrections system each year. On any given day, there are 12 to 15 pregnant women in New York State prisons and 110 in local jails, and many of these women are coming in with drug addictions that pose harm to not only themselves, but to their unborn children. States across the country have passed laws and implemented programs to provide community and family based alternatives to incarceration for 
nonviolent parent offenders. However, State programs targeting offenders who are parentstobe are not currently eligible for grants. This peculiarity makes it difficult for States to develop programs addressing the particularly vulnerable population of nonviolent pregnant offenders. This amendment would make clear that such funding could be provided to States to develop and expand familybased substance abuse treatment programs that focus on expectant mothers. When a drugaddicted pregnant woman comes through the criminal justice system, we make every effort to help that expectant mother beat her drug addiction both for herself and for her child. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ), my friend and cosponsor of this amendment. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank my colleague from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) for yielding and for his work on this amendment, which I am proud to cosponsor. Mr. Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is simple: increase access to substance abuse treatment for pregnant women. We accomplish this by making clear that States receiving grants from an existing Department of Justice program may use them to provide familybased treatment. Currently, nonviolent mothers and fathers have access to family and communitybased substance abuse treatment options that help keep their families together, and that should be true for expectant mothers as well. Our amendment would help provide this access to the 60 pregnant women in Ohio State prisons last month and countless others across the country, all of whom are ineligible for it today. I have met with doctors, nurses, hospitals, law enforcement, and treatment professionals, and have seen firsthand the devastating effects that heroin and opioid abuse have inflicted on pregnant women and newborns in my own southwest Ohio community. In December of 2013, I toured Soin Medical Center in Beavercreek, Ohio, and discussed the concerning trend the hospital was observing: increasing numbers of infants born addicted to opiates. At the Dayton Children’s Hospital neonatal intensive care unit, I witnessed the hardship that heroin and opioid addiction inflicts on both women and their babies. I met with mothers struggling with substance abuse who had given birth to infants who had become addicted in the womb. I watched newborns just starting their lives suffering through the painful symptoms of neonatal abstinence syndrome. At the Women’s Recovery Center in Xenia, Ohio, I spoke to young women participating in opiate abuse intervention and treatment programs. One former heroin user I spoke to shared with me her story about how the intervention and treatment she received at the center allowed her to overcome her addiction before giving birth to her son. It is vital that we provide women access to this treatment—for their own health and for the health of the children that they will bring into the world. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me congratulate the proponents of the amendment and indicate to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN) that I think many of us are on the same page. The Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act authorizes the Attorney General to make grants to State and local governments for prisonbased family substance abuse treatment programs for the incarcerated parents of minor children. These programs can provide a comprehensive response to the needs of incarcerated parents of minor children, not only substance abuse treatment, but also a range of familyrelated services. These can include child early intervention services, family counseling, medical care, mental health services, parental skills training, pediatric care, physical therapy, and prenatal care. The importance of the value of these programs to pregnant women who find themselves incarcerated as well as to women who are already mothers is beyond dispute. We want to give our children—no matter who they are and where they are born in this country—a great and wonderful pathway to success. This amendment makes pregnant women equally eligible to participate in such programs. As indicated earlier on the floor today, I am planning to introduce the Stop Infant Mortality and Recidivism Reduction Act of 2016, which is to respond to women who have children while they are incarcerated, to provide them with some sort of support system where their babies are not separated from them. Those babies may be born addicted. I think it is important that this amendment looks at those pregnant women who may be incarcerated; and in this instance, this looks at pregnant women to provide them alternatives. It can be of tremendous benefit to these motherstobe as well as their children and families. This effort has my wholehearted support, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support this amendment to the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding and commend him for offering this amendment. The amendment makes reasonable and appropriate changes to the Justice Department’s FamilyBased Substance Abuse Treatment Program, a program authorized under the Second Chance Act. The program supports State and local government agencies and federally recognized Indian tribes in establishing or enhancing residential substance abuse treatment programs in correctional facilities that include recovery of family supportive services. This amendment ensures that the program’s definition of an incarcerated parent with minor children includes pregnant women. As a person who believes life begins at conception, I believe it is entirely appropriate for this program to provide services to pregnant women to meet their unique needs and those of their unborn children. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . DANNY K . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to join with my colleague from Indiana, Representative TODD YOUNG , in offering our amendment to strengthen families by addressing parental substance abuse and decreasing the number of children entering foster care. Our amendment is common sense. It simply allows the CARA substance abuse treatment diversion grants to focus on parents whose incarceration could result in their children entering foster care. I am deeply troubled that almost 8 percent of children placed into foster care each year enter due to parental incarceration. This is approximately 
20,000 young children every year. In some States like Arkansas, Idaho, Indiana, and South Dakota, over 20 percent of children enter foster care due to parent incarceration. We also know that substance abuse underlies a substantial percentage of child welfare cases. b1345 Aside from neglect, alcohol or other drug use is the number one reason for removal from the home. In 2014, over 77,000 youth were removed from their homes due to drug abuse. What is exciting is that we have strong, empirical evidence that working with parents experiencing substance abuse significantly helps children and families experience fewer days in foster care, higher reunification rates, less recurrence of child maltreatment, and better permanency over time. Neither the Senate nor the House CARA bill addresses this critical intersection of criminal justice, substance abuse, and foster care. Yet, this intersection underlies the surging numbers in both the judicial and child welfare systems. The Annie E. Casey Foundation, an amazing champion for foster youth, just released a report 2 weeks ago that recommended that judges consider the impact on kids and families when making sentencing and confinement decisions. Our amendment is necessary to demonstrate congressional intent that the Department of Justice improve our judicial system to decrease the horrible family impact of incarceration that swells our child welfare system and undermines child wellbeing. That is why over a dozen key child welfare advocates support our amendment, including the American Public Human Services Association, the American Psychological Association, Children’s Defense Fund, Children’s Home Society of America, Child Welfare League of America, National Association of Counsel for Children, National Foster FamilyBased Treatment Association, National Foster Parent Association, North American Council on Adoptable Children, Ray E. Helfer Society, Voice for Adoption, and Zero to Three. I urge support of our amendment that will do much to strengthen families and improve child welfare. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment, and I support it. The opioid epidemic has victimized countless Americans, including the most vulnerable among us—our children. We are all aware of the grim statistics surrounding prescription opioid abuse by teenagers. However, a young child who loses a parent to addiction is also a victim that needs our help. I support this effort, which will promote family unity while holding certain offenders accountable and ensuring community safety. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for introducing this amendment, shedding light on one of the most vulnerable populations affected by this national opioid epidemic: our children. As communities, nonprofits, and policymakers search for solutions to address this harrowing drug epidemic, it is essential that we not lose sight of the children whose lives have been fundamentally and forever altered by this nationwide crisis. Kids across the country are having their lives turned upside down. They are watching parents taken into custody. They are forced to leave homes, wondering whether they will ever be able to see their father or mother again. These are things children shouldn’t have to worry about and shouldn’t have to go through. The national opioid epidemic has hit my home State of Indiana particularly hard. A small Hoosier community of 4,300 was catapulted into the spotlight last spring. We had over 190 Hoosiers diagnosed with HIV primarily due to intravenous drug use. It is a tragedy the CDC has cited as one of the worst documented HIV outbreaks among users in the past 2 decades. This localized epidemic, similar to others across the country, is linked to the use of a powerful painkiller, a very highly addictive opiate. In addressing this nationwide problem, we are going to have to overcome the negative stigmas of drug addiction. We need to treat these individuals—and I say this literally—treat them as patients who need our encouragement and our support to get well. That is what this amendment accomplishes. Under this amendment, thousands of children who would otherwise see their parent destined for a prison cell will instead see the parent they love and depend on get the treatment they need. The need for this amendment is urgent. The Indiana Department of Child Services estimates 2,600 children had to be removed from homes due to parental drug abuse in just a 6month period that ended last March. That is a 71 percent jump from 2 years earlier. We, as legislators, have a real responsibility to look out for these children. When States develop a substance abuse treatment program that can be an alternative to incarceration, this amendment allows them to focus on treating parents whose incarceration could result in their children languishing in an overwhelmed child welfare system. More than a dozen child welfare organizations support this bipartisan endeavor. I want to thank Mr. DAVIS, as I close here, and his staff for collaborating with me and Jaymi Light in my office in order to ensure that we can help this vulnerable population. I ask my colleagues to support the amendment and help us ensure our most vulnerable children are no longer caught up in this epidemic. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a simple clarifying amendment to ensure that State, local, and tribal governments can develop and implement communitybased programs that have demonstrated success in reducing recidivism and getting people the help that they need. I am hopeful everyone in this Chamber can support it. The growing epidemic of heroin use and prescription drug abuse is having a devastating effect on the health and safety of our families and our communities both in my home State of Washington and across the country. The problem has become so severe that adults in the United States are now more likely to die from a drug overdose than a car accident. With more than 120 deaths occurring from drug overdoses in this country every day—more than half of which are from prescription drugs—it is clearer than ever that Congress must take action. 
That is why I am so pleased to see my colleagues on both sides of the aisle coming together to combat the epidemic of addiction. This legislation represents an important first step. It authorizes muchneeded funding for the opioid abuse reduction programs that will expand substance abuse prevention and intervention efforts, boost resources for law enforcement officers and first responders to administer overdose reversal drugs, improve substance abuse treatment for individuals in the criminal justice system, and help prevent the illegal distribution of opioids in our streets. Among the programs authorized under the bill are treatment alternative to incarceration programs, an important tool for law enforcement agencies in the fight against opioid abuse. My amendment simply clarifies that this provision includes a model with demonstrated success in Seattle and King County. First launched in 2011, the Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion program, or LEAD, is a communitybased pilot program that offers a helping hand rather than jail time for those suffering from substance abuse. According to an initial study, it successfully reduces recidivism by as much as 60 percent. Other cities have taken notice, with Santa Fe and Albany already working to implement the model in their communities. Instead of arresting and prosecuting lowlevel drug offenders, we should be supporting successful programs like LEAD that direct them to the communitybased services and help that they need. My amendment will do just that. It will ensure resources are available to expand successful models that are already working and make a meaningful difference in addressing this crisis. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington for offering this amendment, and I support it. This amendment clarifies that grant monies authorized by H.R. 5046 can be used to fund communitybased substance abuse diversion programs sponsored by law enforcement agencies. There are a variety of programs across the country administered by State and local law enforcement and prosecuting agencies that offer diversion to drug treatment and other services as an alternative to incarceration. In my home State of Wisconsin, Treatment Alternatives and Diversion, or TAD, programs ‘‘offer offenders the opportunity to enter and do voluntary substance abuse treatment, case management, and other risk reduction services as a safe alternative to jail or prison confinement. Diverting nonviolent offenders into substance abuse treatment keeps them out of jail and correctional facilities, thereby saving bed space and taxpayer dollars, as well as treating the underlying addiction that may have influenced the commission of a crime or may contribute to future criminal behavior.’’ These are precisely the types of treatment alternatives to incarceration programs that I believe should be eligible for funding through this new Department of Justice grant. I thank the gentlewoman from Washington for working with us on drafting the amendment. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of it. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman. I rise in support of her amendment. I also rise to state my unyielding support for the underlying legislation introduced by my friend, JIMSENSENBRENNER from Wisconsin, literally an institution of statutory production in the halls of this Congress. I appreciate it. This DelBene amendment would enable States and local governments to use grant monies for treatment alternatives to incarceration programs, including communitybased abuse diversion programs sponsored by a law enforcement agency. H.R. 5046 authorizes the attorney general to make grants to State and local governments for the development, expansion, or implementation of opioid abuse treatment programs as an alternative to incarceration. This amendment would expand eligibility for such grants to communitybased substance abuse diversion programs sponsored by a law enforcement agency. The cooperation and involvement of local law enforcement agencies is an important component in any comprehensive effort to combat opioid abuse. Diversion programs can play a key role in improving outcomes and rehabilitating opioid drug offenders. Diversion programs also benefit law enforcement by conserving law enforcement resources, judicial and penal resources, while enabling police agencies and courts to focus on drug traffickers and other serious criminals. Based on those facts, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 21, insert after ‘‘providing for’’ the following: ‘‘interoperability and’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. b1400 Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, let me say how happy I am to be here in a bipartisan spirit on this important issue of the opioid epidemic in this country. I rise, obviously, to support this particular amendment, and I thank my colleague from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for being a partner in this effort. Our amendment simply clarifies that grants authorized under this bill may be used to develop multiState interoperable Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs. PDMPs are one of the most important tools in the fight against prescription drug abuse. All of us come here today from separate starting points. For me, like many others, it was because of parents of children who were lost to this epidemic. Bob and Carmen Pack were constituents in an affluent suburb of San Francisco, which is in my district and is formerly in my State legislative district, who took their two young children, Troy and Alana Pack, out for a walk to the local ice cream shop for a treat on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Unfortunately, a woman, who was later convicted of abusing and doctor shopping for opioids and also of using alcohol, swerved across the street, killing Troy and Alana and almost killing Carmen Pack, who was expecting at the time. Fortunately, she survived and had a child. Bob, a software engineer, proceeded to put his energies into updating the California PDMP to make it electronic, to make usable in realtime, and to make it effective in trying to control opioid addictions. He partnered with multiple attorneys general in California to see this effected. As a State senator, I was able to partner with them to institute a program and fully fund CURES, the California PDMP that allows for the realtime monitoring of prescriptions. It went from 13,000 users in the course of a year to over 200,000 users, and it is now fully implemented. One of the weak points of the CURE system in California is its inability to 
communicate with other systems as they are developed around the country and the ability for people who abuse these products, including organized crimes, to go to other States. So it is important at this point, as States start to develop these sophisticated but very costeffective systems, that we establish them in such a way that they are interoperable. While doctors and pharmacies work hard to prevent anyone from filling unneeded orders, it is more difficult to stop doctor shopping by individuals who visit multiple doctors and pharmacists in an attempt to obtain more opioids. Some individuals who are addicted will cross State lines—and, obviously, organized crime will do so—to avoid their States’ prescription drug monitoring systems. Unfortunately, many State programs are not interoperable with neighboring States and do not coordinate and share this information effectively. To improve the success of these programs, our amendment explicitly states that these funds can be used to promote interoperability and data sharing between States. Our amendment is a small step towards improving existing systems, and it will help States better understand patterns of interstate drug trafficking. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WESTMORE LAND ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from California and the gentleman from Georgia for offering this amendment. This amendment makes a small but important change to H.R. 5046 to clarify that grants can be used to improve the interoperability of Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs, or PDMPs, which are a valuable tool in combating the opioid epidemic and have been established across the country. This amendment will help medical practitioners see what potentially dangerous medications a patient has received in another State before writing a prescription. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his support of what I consider to be a very important amendment. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment to H.R. 5046 because Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs and their effectiveness are key to fighting prescription drug abuse in this country. As a lifelong pharmacist and as the author of the Georgia Prescription Drug Monitoring Program while I was a member of the Georgia General Assembly, I believe PDMPs are one of the most important tools in the fight against prescription drug abuse. To increase the success of these programs throughout the country, interoperability and data sharing between States is paramount. I commend Chairman GOODLATTE and the Judiciary Committee for their work on this bill; but to continue the growth and the success of PDMPs, interoperability should be included in any discussion to improve these systems so States can better share information about patients and the patterns that occur with interstate prescription drug trafficking. I thank the gentleman from California for his work on this important issue, and I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. Mr. DESAULNIER. I thank Mr. C ARTER and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for supporting this commonsense amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. I thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Chairman GOODLATTE , and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, for their leadership in bringing this bill to the floor today. Mr. Chairman, I am also pleased to be here in the spirit of bipartisanship because, as you all know, this problem affects all Members’ districts. It is a problem that sheriffs and local law enforcement in my district deal with on a daily basis. Admittedly, my amendment is not the silver bullet that will end this epidemic, but it is a commonsense step in the right direction, something we can take to address the problem at its roots, which is within the home. The National Institutes of Health estimates that 800,000 children between the ages of 12 and 17 try opioids for the first time each year and that 70 percent of the opioids obtained by kids are from their families, friends, and relatives. It also found that 62 percent of kids say prescription medicines are easy to get from their families’ medicine cabinets and that one in two kids, alarmingly, thinks pills are available everywhere. In response to these statistics, my amendment would allow the State and local governments to invest in programs that utilize secure containers for prescription drugs. It is important to note that this amendment does not mandate such programs; it merely makes available the opportunity should local governments voluntarily choose to take advantage of the program. While there may not be an easy fix to cure all of the alarming statistics, there are things that we can do and have done. In fact, in the 1960s, children were dying at an alarming rate from ingesting medications that were not meant for them. Congress responded, and it responded by passing the Poisoning Prevention Packaging Act of 1970, which requires childresistant caps for a number of different medications. That was the last time major changes were made to drug containers. As we all know, technology has advanced significantly in every category since 1970. Today, new technologies exist that make it harder to steal medications out of the family medicine cabinet, but they are not widely used. Secure containers, clearly, will not fix this problem, but they will act as a deterrent to the source of the problem. As a father of three, I know that kids face all sorts of pressures at school and in their daily lives. Oftentimes, they don’t respond in the appropriate way, and they sometimes give in to those pressures. That doesn’t make them bad kids, but we cannot continue to turn a blind eye in denial while it is happening. My amendment would allow for the implementation and the development of a program that utilizes secure containers for prescription drugs. This is a commonsense solution that addresses a problem at its source. It is a common practice to lock up things that we deem valuable and that could be dangerous to others. We lock up our cars, we lock up our bikes, we lock the doors of our homes; some of us may 
even lock the drawers of our desks or lock up valuables and weapons in safe places in our homes. Therefore, it only makes sense when it comes to dangerous pills that are being stolen and that are leading us down dangerous paths to addiction, that we lock up these medicines and deter them from being stolen in the first place. This is not a mandate and it is not a directive for anyone to do this. My amendment simply allows States and localities to utilize funds or programs that provide for secure containers. Again, it is not to be considered the be all and endall solution, but it is a genuine step in the right direction to thwart this tragic epidemic. I urge all Members to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, this amendment authorizes grants for programs to develop secure prescription drug containers to prevent individuals, particularly children, from gaining access to opioid medications that have been lawfully prescribed to others. This amendment addresses a serious problem—the unauthorized access to or use of lawfully prescribed prescription opioid medications by a person other than the individual for whom the drugs were prescribed. The use of prescription opioid medications is controlled for a good reason. The misuse of such medications can have serious, even fatal, consequences. Perhaps the most tragic situation is one in which a child finds and, out of innocent curiosity, takes a prescription medication that is in the home, with the drugs having been prescribed for a parent or other family member, and that person then suffers an overdose. This amendment will help prevent this problem by providing funding for programs that utilize technology to help develop secure containers for prescription drugs. The advancement of such potentially lifesaving technology deserves our full support. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I commend the gentleman from Michigan for offering this amendment and for his commitment to combating opioid abuse, including joining as an original cosponsor of H.R. 5046. In a recent poll, 62 percent of American teenagers stated that prescription drugs are easy to get from the family medicine cabinet. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, a full 70 percent of prescription drug medications that are obtained by adolescents are acquired from family, relatives, or friends. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, of the 2.4 million people annually who use prescription drugs nonmedically and for the first time, a shocking 800,000 are aged 12 to 17. Often, the drugs are pilfered, which means a child or a visitor takes one or two from a bottle at a time in order to escape detection from a parent or a friend. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment that addresses this problem. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GUINTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 4, line 3, insert before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including prevention and recovery programs’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Hampshire. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment that I introduced with my colleague, Congresswoman KUSTER . This amendment would add prevention and recovery programs to the list of allowable uses in this legislation. While the opioid misuse and overdose epidemic is taking a terrible toll on our Nation, with proper treatment and recovery support systems, individuals can and do recover. b1415 Today, 23 million Americans are in recovery from substance use disorders and are contributing to our society and to our economy. In my home State of New Hampshire, over 430 people died of opioid overdose just last year. This number, unfortunately, is expected to rise in 2016. By allowing prevention and recovery programs to receive this important grant money, individuals who need the longterm recovery support have a better chance of surviving and thriving as they beat their addiction. Beyond the work that we are doing here in Congress, I would like to thank all of those heroes who are helping our communities to address this widening crisis. Specifically, in New Hampshire, people like my friend, Melissa Cruz, are among the many who are working behind the scenes to end this epidemic. Her work with Hope for New Hampshire Recovery to create another treatment and recovery center in our State’s largest city, Manchester, my hometown, is essential to getting addicted Granite Staters back on their feet for longterm success. I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GUINTA. I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. As the gentleman knows, addiction treatment and recovery in a noncriminal justice context are not within the Judiciary Committee’s jurisdiction and, therefore, were not included in H.R. 5046, as reported by the committee, since this bill establishes a grant program in the Department of Justice. I do not oppose the amendment since I recognize that treatment and recovery are important functions in addressing this epidemic. However, I would like to work with the gentleman in going forward to ensure that treatment and recovery are appropriately tailored to DOJ functions or are otherwise addressed through appropriate grant programs, such as those administered by the Department of Health and Human Services. We must ensure that the grant programs to address the opioid epidemic are appropriately tailored to and administered by the Federal agencies with expertise in the areas for which they will be awarding funding. Otherwise, we are not fulfilling our duty to use taxpayer dollars efficiently. With that caveat, I support the amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) for his support in this area and appreciate his willingness to continue to work in this arena. I certainly will continue to do that. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman GUINTA for introducing this amendment. As my partner and as cochair of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic, we appreciate his tireless work on this issue. I also want to thank the authors of this important legislation, Congressman SENSENBRENNER and Congressman C ONYERS , for bringing forward the bill that 
makes such important progress in authorizing $103 million annually in grants through the Department of Justice. I am proud of the work that we are accomplishing here together this week. But that being said, we have many areas in which we have an opportunity to improve upon the legislation on the floor. And one of those areas is improved assistance for prevention, treatment, and lifelong recovery programs. Substance use disorder can be a lifelong challenge, and those struggling with this illness need access to the lifelong support required, just as we assist those with diabetes or heart disease. This critical amendment makes a simple change that would allow the grants authorized by this legislation to be used for prevention and recovery programs. We must address this crisis in a holistic way that includes efforts to treat addiction and strengthen lifelong recovery. I urge my colleagues to pass this critical amendment and to pass the underlying legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE for his leadership and work in this area. Prevention and recovery is incredibly important as we try to help those who deal with substance abuse challenges and addiction challenges, not just in New Hampshire, but around the country. I would urge again support of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Wisconsin for his leadership on this very important piece of legislation, and the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee for working together to bring it to the floor today. The United States is being ravaged by skyrocketing levels of prescription opioid and heroin abuse. This brutal epidemic accounted for more than 28,000 American deaths in 2014. It is destroying families and devastating our local communities. Tragically, our Nation’s veteran population has been particularly hardhit by this crisis. Veterans suffer significantly higher rates of opioid abuse than their civilian counterparts. And according to some estimates, the number of opioid use disorders among veterans has increased 55 percent in the past 5 years. Worst of all, the death rate from opioid overdose among veterans is nearly double the national average. Clearly our veteran population has a unique set of needs when it comes to dealing with addiction that must be addressed through specialized programming. We need meaningful and evidencebased solutions, including treatment for cooccurring illnesses, such as depression and PTSD. I have been working to help develop those solutions as part of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic and by holding a series of roundtables with stakeholders in my district. I strongly believe that the legislation we are considering here today is another step forward in that process. Specifically, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act will direct $103 million in Federal funds toward abuse programs focused squarely on addressing the opioid epidemic. By structuring this funding as a competitive grant program, the bill provides States and localities with maximum flexibility to attack opioid abuse that is unique to their communities. Among other things, States will be able to use the grant funds for various types of antiopioid programs, including veteran treatment courts. These specialized courts, which seek to divert veterans away from traditional justice systems and provide them with both treatment and tools for rehabilitation, are certainly worthwhile and should be supported. But it is also my sincere hope that we can reach many veterans who are at risk of opioid or heroin abuse long before they enter our court system in the first place. And that is the goal of my amendment. Specifically, my amendment would expand the list of permissible uses for funds from the newly created Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program to include efforts to develop, implement, or expand programs to prevent and address opioid abuse by veterans. As currently drafted, the legislation permits similar funding for efforts to prevent and address opioid abuse by juveniles. My amendment will simply ensure that the same resources are available to treat our veterans. We have a solemn obligation to stand with our veterans. It is the principle of solidarity. They stood for us; we need to stand for them. Let us keep that commitment today by ensuring that our veterans have the resources and support they need to combat this horrible epidemic. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for yielding and for offering this amendment. The amendment adds a purpose area to the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program established under H.R. 5046, which would allow grantees to use funds awarded under the program to develop, implement, or expand the program to prevent and address opioid abuse by veterans. I strongly support programs to provide services to our Nation’s veterans, who have done so much to protect our freedom and our way of life. As the gentleman is no doubt aware, the underlying bill recognizes that many veterans, particularly those who have been wounded in defense of our Nation, in a tragic irony, have become addicted to the medications they were prescribed to deal with pain from their wounds of war. And the bill includes provisions supporting Veterans Treatment Courts and other mechanisms to provide services to veterans. I would like to work with the gentleman going forward as we move to conference with the Senate to streamline the provisions in my bill with the gentleman’s amendment and to ensure that the bill contains appropriate, non redundant provisions to protect our Nation’s veterans. I support the amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) for his work on this important legislation. To close, I simply urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment to ensure that the funds provided in this legislation can be used for programs that will provide direct assistance to our veterans in the fight against opioid and heroin abuse. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, although I don’t oppose the underlying amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would expand the list of eligible grant uses for the new program under H.R. 5046 to include efforts to develop, implement, or expand a program to prevent and address opiate abuse by veterans. This amendment would add programs for veterans to prevent and address opiate abuse to the list of grants authorized under H.R. 5046. The bill creates a grant program geared toward addressing opiate abuse. As currently drafted, the bill defines eight areas of uses for which grants may be awarded. This amendment makes clear that veterans programs are among the purposes for which the grants may be used. Our veterans have sacrificed for us, and we should take appropriate 
steps to assist those veterans who suffer from opiate abuse and heroin abuse. I support this amendment and I encourage my colleagues to support it. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5046 to include drug takeback programs in the list of funds made available under the bill’s Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program. The Centers for Disease Control reports that healthcare providers in the U.S. write 259 million prescriptions for opioids a year, enough for every American adult to have their own bottle of pills. In Massachusetts alone, 4.4 million opioid prescriptions, including 240 million pills, capsules, or tablets were dispensed in 2014. Further, nearly half of the people in my State report that it is too easy to get prescription opioids from those who have leftover pills. And the people who share these leftover pills are usually unaware of the significant dangers that they represent. The National Institute on Drug Abuse reports that nearly 4 in 5 people addicted to heroin say their habit began by misusing prescription medications. Over half of those people report they got their prescription painkillers from a friend or a relative for free. And this includes adolescents. My amendment would help give these people ways to stop their problem before it starts. More than ever, communities need to supply safe disposal services to their residents to get excess pills out of the hands of people who don’t need them. My amendment would make sure that our communities have access to the resources they need to do so. The American Medical Association recognizes this point in its strong support of drug takeback programs, and the FDA has published information regarding proper disposal of unused medications as well. When I was a district attorney, I worked with local and State police to combat the flow of drugs coming into our neighborhoods. Yet, as the public supported these efforts to keep dangerous drugs off the streets, they didn’t realize that the greatest supply of these dangerous drugs was sitting in their own medicine cabinets. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE and Chairman S ENSEN BRENNER . I also thank my colleagues— Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Dr. ROEof Tennessee, and Mr. B ERA—for cosponsoring this amendment and joining me in this effort to add a commonsense step toward solving this important public health epidemic. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). I reserve the balance of my time. b1430 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy, and I strongly support everything he just said. We are in a situation today where we have a massive epidemic of opioid abuse. We are prescribing it in unimaginable volumes, and many times people are getting supplies that are far more than they need. We are finding that young people, in particular, 62 percent of teens who abuse prescription drugs do so because they are easy to get from a parent’s medicine cabinet or from a medicine cabinet of a neighbor or a friend or people who break into homes. We need to have a systematic effort to be able to safely dispose of drugs. One of the problems in some cases is people are flushing them down the toilet. As a result, we are finding in our water supply traces of these medications. We are slowly medicating the American population. That itself is extraordinarily dangerous, and it is expensive for our water treatment systems. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I hope this is a first step for us to have a systematic effort at the Federal level to be able to support these important programs to keep it out of the medicine cabinets and out of the sewer systems. I have introduced legislation that would provide a tax credit for providers to be able to provide these services. I hope that we can continue this conversation going forward. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA). Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank my colleagues. I would also like to thank my colleague and fellow physician, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), for partnering with me on the Dispose Responsibly of your Pills Act, the DROP Act. As a doctor, I have seen firsthand the devastation that misused prescription drugs can have on families. Deb Simpson, from Sacramento County, shared her family’s story with me. Her son became addicted to prescription medications he found in the family’s medicine cabinet. By the time Deb realized what was happening, he was already addicted. Thankfully, through help and rehabilitation facilities, her son recovered, but far too many families suffer the tragic loss of a child or a loved one. We can easily prevent this. Let’s make it easier to dispose of medications by supporting this simple amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for offering this amendment, and I support it. According to the Office of National Drug Control Policy, more Americans are now dying every year from drug overdoses than in car accidents, and a majority of those overdoses involve prescription medications. In 2012, healthcare providers wrote 259 million prescriptions for opioid pain medications, enough for every American adult to have a bottle of pills. In 2010, the House Committee on the Judiciary and Committee on Energy and Commerce shepherded through Congress the Secure and Responsible Drug Disposal Act, which amended the Controlled Substances Act to allow patients to legally return unused or expired prescription drugs to local pharmacies, police stations, and community drug disposal programs. That same year, the Drug Enforcement Administration began hosting National Prescription Drug TakeBack events. At the previous 10 takeback day events, over 5.5 million pounds of unwanted, unneeded, or expired medications were surrendered for safe and proper disposal. On April 27, I was pleased to host, along with Committee on Appropriations Chairman ROGERS , a drug takeback event here on Capitol Hill. At this year’s National TakeBack Day, held on April 30, Americans disposed of more unused prescription drugs than during any of the previous 10 events. The DEA and over 4,200 State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies collected 893,498 pounds of unwanted medicines, about 447 tons, at almost 5,400 sites spread through all 50 States, surpassing the previous high of 390 tons in the spring of 2014. This amendment will allow grant funds to be used to sponsor these important drug takeback events. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. 
ROTHFUS ), a lead sponsor of this amendment. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman. I also want to thank my colleagues, particularly the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ), my friend, for inviting me to work with him on this important amendment, which adds drug takeback programs to the list of authorized uses under the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program created by this legislation. While prescription drugs can be lifesaving when used properly, they can also be harmful and even lethal if they end up in the wrong hands. As recognized by Mr. KEATING , unused prescription medications can pose a real safety concern and public health risk, particularly in homes with children. These unused drugs can be accidentally ingested, stolen, or misused, which is why it is absolutely essential that we take appropriate steps to provide both a safe and responsible means of disposing of them. This amendment ensures that Federal grant funds can be used for that purpose. I believe this is a positive step and will offer real benefits in reducing accidental overdose deaths. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), a sponsor of the amendment. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. I thank the chairman for yielding. I rise in support of this amendment. Prescription drug abuse is a growing problem throughout the United States, particularly in east Tennessee, where I live. There is no question that a significant source of the supply for prescription drug abuse is unused prescriptions. We need to do everything possible to encourage the safe disposal of drugs that may be ripe for abuse. I worked with the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA), my friend, on a bill to establish a grant program to fund programs to help law enforcement agencies, pharmacies, narcotic treatment programs, hospitals, clinics, and longterm care facilities to properly dispose of outdated or unused prescription medications. I am pleased that the passage of this amendment will create a similar funding stream. Currently there are no existing grants available for programs to properly dispose of prescription drugs, and I believe this effort could help curb the widespread prescription drug abuse we are seeing throughout the country. I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, first, I would like to commend Chairman BOB GOODLATTE and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , as well as Mr. CONYERS and Mr. J OHNSON , for their effort in bringing this important bill to the floor. I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 5046, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act of 2016. Mr. Chairman, my amendment, if adopted, will allow grants authorized under the underlying bill to provide for developing, implementing, or expanding programs to ensure security and custody of opioids at medical facilities. The issue of abuse of prescription painkillers is not a new one, but the rise of this epidemic has really been fueled by the increased strength of and proliferation of these addictive drugs. It is well documented that the road to the use and abuse of an illicit opioid drug like heroin frequently begins with the legitimate use or diverted use of prescription opioid painkillers like OxyContin or Vicodin. Through a variety of ways, these powerful drugs end up in the hands of individuals struggling with their disease. One of the most frequent ways that these drugs make it to the street is after they have been stolen from a medical facility in which they are stored for legitimate use. In the wake of our nationwide prescription drug abuse epidemic, these drug diversion crimes have increased across the country. I will give you a few examples, but there are many. At a Georgia hospital, according to the Georgia Board of Pharmacy consent order, a theft scheme lasted for more than 4 years and diverted more than 1 million doses of controlled drugs. In my own district at home, two nurses at the Massachusetts General Hospital diverted nearly 16,000 pills, mostly OxyContin, resulting in the hospital paying a $2.3 million fine. In New York, a doctor stole 200,000 pills of oxycodone with a $5.6 million street value. In Utah, at the Utah VA, a pharmacist there stole 7,000 units of prescription drugs for sale on the street. I am not criticizing these institutions. I am merely underscoring that the addictive nature and the power of these drugs is really driving these crimes. I am just trying to underscore that there is a need to address the drug diversion issue. The Controlled Substances Act requires that registrants notify the Drug Enforcement Agency in writing of a theft or significant loss of any controlled substance, but we need to try to prevent the diversion of these drugs and work together to improve and strengthen the systems in place to deter the thefts that put these addicts in this position and put the addictive drugs on the street. If adopted, my amendment will help do that. My amendment will give States and local governments the resources to work with their hospitals and community health centers, physician clinics, and treatment facilities to identify areas in which they can improve the security and custody of these prescription drugs. By regularly reviewing best practices and updating protocols and existing systems, we can keep these drugs secure and save some lives in the process. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the cities I represent and others across the country are combating this effort from all sides. My amendment is another tool in the toolbox. Quite simply, we need to do everything we can to keep these drugs off the street. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I first want to commend the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) for his support of this underlying bill and for his sincere desire to improve the bill. While I appreciate that desire to ensure that opioids are secured appropriately in medical facilities, that is the responsibility of the Drug Enforcement Administration, and there are already rigorous standards in place to ensure this. So I must oppose the amendment as being duplicative and causing waste of resources and diverting some of the resources provided under this bill from some of the other good purposes that are already provided for in the bill. The amendment creates a new grant purpose area for developing, implementing, or expanding a program to ensure the security of opioids in medical facilities. The DEA regulations set forth extensive physical security requirements for the transportation, storage, and dispensing of opioids and other narcotic prescription drugs. The DEA regulations also place tight restrictions on which individuals can access and handle these drugs. 
The responsibility for regulating and enforcing the rules governing the distribution and storage of schedule II and schedule III narcotics, including opioids, lies with the DEA, and it is not a task that can be undertaken by a grant recipient through the program created by H.R. 5046. For these reasons, I must oppose the amendment; although, I would say to the gentleman that, if he would like to withdraw the amendment, as we move to conference with the Senate, I would be happy to undertake his concerns and see if there was some other way to work to incorporate them into the bill that we ultimately send to the President’s desk. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have great respect for the gentleman from Virginia, and I applaud him on the great work he has done here. However, I started up an adolescent rehab center because of the huge problem I have got in my district with young people. I understand this bill is focused on veterans as well. That is another very vulnerable population, with our folks coming back after multiple tours, but I really feel strongly about the need for securing these opioids. I have got a lot of hospitals in my district. We are having problems with the clinics and hospitals. This is really a problem that we all own and not just the DEA. So I would have to insist on my amendment and ask Members to support it. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1445 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Lynch amendment. It expands the list of eligible grant uses for the grant program created by H.R. 5046 to include programs that ensure the security of opioids in medical facilities. This amendment would add programs that ensure the security of opioids in medical facilities to the list of grant uses authorized under H.R. 5046. Maintaining opioids securely in medical facilities protects the public by helping to ensure that the drugs will not fall into the hands of individuals who will use them or sell them improperly or illegally. If State or local governments wish to take steps to better secure these facilities, grant funding under this program should be available to them. Therefore, I support the amendment. Mr. LYNCH. In closing, Mr. Chairman, there is a gap out there in terms of the security and custody of these opioids within medical facilities. I am trying my best, just as the chairman is trying his best, to address the problem that we have in our districts. It is a real problem. So it is a great bill. There is just this one gap, and I am trying to close that. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I appreciate the gentleman’s dedication to the issue. However, according to the DEA, the vast majority of diversion does not occur because employees are stealing drugs from hospitals or distribution centers. The vast majority of diversion occurs through the overprescribing of opioid pain medication. Is this amendment intended to prevent pharmacy robberies? Who is the grantee that the gentleman believes will be able to do what this amendment contemplates? Given the limited resources available, I very strongly believe grantees must use their money for the most appropriate and efficient purposes available and not for a purpose that is already covered by the strict regulations administered by a Federal agency. So I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . ISRAEL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 7, strike lines 3 through 7, and insert the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense, bipartisan amendment that I think will have significant impact on the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program. I want to thank the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) and the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) for working with me on this. This amendment basically would direct the Attorney General, when awarding grants, to consider the prevalence of opioid abuse and opioidrelated overdoses in a community. The underlying legislation already properly ensures an equitable geographic distribution of funds. This amendment simply makes sure that the areas hardest hit by the epidemic are getting the resources that they need. I happen to represent Suffolk County on Long Island in New York. We have suffered with more opioid and related deaths than any other county in my State. Between 2009 and 2013, 334 people lost their lives to heroin or opioids. By comparison, Brooklyn, which has 1 million more residents, had only onehalf the number of opioid deaths in the same time. Treatment admissions for opioid addiction on Long Island rose from 12,887 in 2010 to 16,681 in 2014. That is a 29 percent increase. These are percentages and statistics, Mr. Chairman, and all of us in this body know how this epidemic is affecting real lives. Just over 2 weeks ago I met with students from Half Hollow Hills High School West’s One World Youth Organization. I met with a young woman named Alexa Wasser. She shared with me that her brother, Zachary Wasser, died of an overdose in January at 23 years old. He was friendly. He was outgoing. He loved to spend time with his family. He was a good kid who got caught up in an epidemic that is impacting way too many Long Island families and way too many American families, so much so that they have nicknamed the Long Island Expressway the ‘‘Heroin Highway.’’ Mr. Chairman, for the sake of the Wassers and for the hundreds of Long Island families whose lives have changed forever, I urge support for my amendment and I urge passage of the underlying bill. I again want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their cooperation and support for this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition even though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, as we have said repeatedly, the opioid epidemic affects every Member’s district, 
every region of our country, and every socioeconomic level. In order to ensure these grants are dispensed broadly, as is needed, the underlying bill includes language requiring the Attorney General to also consider the needs of rural and tribal communities in making grants. This amendment builds upon that requirement by directing the Attorney General to also consider the prevalence of opioid abuse and overdoserelated deaths in a community. This is a good amendment which will help ensure these grant funds reach across the Nation and are directed where they will help the most. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ), a strong supporter of this amendment and the underlying purpose. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my colleague’s amendment to this important bill. This amendment would make sure that rural and tribal areas receive the funding they need to combat the growing drug use epidemic. My district is very rural. My district also has two of the five counties in the entire State that have the highest rates of unintentional painkiller overdoses. In 2014, Oklahoma had the 10th highest drug overdose rate in the Nation and more people died from unintentional overdoses than in car crashes. Rural areas have some of the highest overdose death rates in the entire country, and this is a growing epidemic. We must ensure that these rural areas are getting the tools they need. This is why I am offering this amendment with my colleagues, Mr. ISRAEL  and Mr. MCKINLEY , to ensure that rural and tribal areas receive the proper Federal drug abuse prevention efforts they deserve. I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I again want to commend the chairman, the gentleman from Oklahoma, and the gentleman from West Virginia for their cooperation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–551. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 720, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia for his work and leadership on the underlying bill. We know that addiction does not wait until adulthood. A majority of adults in substance use treatment start using before turning 18. My amendment would direct the GAO to study research and programs carried out by the Department of Justice and its grantees and report on those programs’ findings and work regarding substance use and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults. The amendment would require GAO to report on any gaps in the research around adolescent and young adult substance use that have been identified by experts or Department of Justice officials. We need to understand what extended opioid use means for young brains and how it affects development and growth. We also need to understand how early exposure to opioids might change young people’s needs with respect to treatment and support on the road to recovery. I would like to tell you about a constituent of mine named Chip. Chip was an athlete. He excelled at hockey and baseball. Playing sports was extremely important to him. But then, in eighth grade, he started drinking. Shortly after, drugs entered the picture, and Chip stopped caring about everything. As a young husband and father by the time he was 22, Chip always felt like something was missing. Anytime there was a problem, Chip reached for drugs as a solution. He received two OUIs in 1 year. He lost his license. He lost his family. He overdosed on heroin and became homeless. The addiction ruined his life and devastated anyone who cared for him. It was only when serving a jail sentence for a third OUI that Chip finally heard a recovering addict who came to speak to inmates, and for some reason he connected. Chip has been in recovery and has been clean and sober for 7 years. He works today as a recovery coach in my district, walking together with others with substance use disorder on the long road to recovery and a future. We owe it to young adults like Chip who were successful, ambitious, and energetic before opioids to understand what happened to them and how we can prevent it from happening to other adolescents and young adults. We owe it to them to understand how to help them seek and gain effective treatment. The more information we can collect about how addiction begins in adolescents and how to treat young adults, the clearer we can see where there are gaps in our understanding and the better chance we have of combating this horrific epidemic. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Wisconsin is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. The amendment directs the Government Accountability Office to study and report on Justice Department programs and research relative to substance abuse and substance use disorders among adolescents and young adults. I share the gentlewoman’s desire for additional information on the programs available to combat the opioid epidemic. This is an appropriate piece of the legislative package. Having said that, I am concerned that, as drafted, the amendment requires the GAO to study things DOJ might not be doing and does not have the expertise to do so effectively. Specifically, the amendment directs the GAO to study and report on DOJ programs relative to substance abuse and substance use disorders by adolescents with no nexus to the criminal justice system. I do not oppose the amendment, but I would like to work with the gentlewoman going forward to ensure the provisions of the amendment are appropriately tailored to the responsibilities and programs within the Justice Department’s jurisdiction. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I am grateful to the gentleman from Wisconsin not only for the support of this amendment, but for all the work and leadership he has shown around this issue. We look forward to working with him to make sure this amendment is tailored to meet the needs of the underlying bill and to be in line with the Department of Justice’s work and research. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her offer of working together. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) having assumed the chair, Mr. WESTMORELAND , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. f 
b1500 COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
APRIL 21, 2016. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to section 451 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (Pub. L. 113–128), I am pleased to appoint Mr. James T. Brett of Massachusetts to the National Council on Disability. Thank you for your consideration of this appointment. Sincerely, NANCY PELOSI , House Democratic Leader. f 
b1540 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) at 3 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE REDUCTION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 720 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5046. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ) kindly resume the chair. b1541 IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, with Mr. WESTMORELAND  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–551 offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 190, noes 225, not voting 18, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rokita RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—18 
Bilirakis Duncan (SC) Fattah Fincher Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Huffman LaMalfa Latta Maloney, Sean Mooney (WV) Nolan Pelosi Pitts Titus Webster (FL) Whitfield 
b1602 Messrs. ABRAHAM, CARTER of Georgia, RICE of South Carolina, BISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. ROBY, and Mr. KING of Iowa changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 186, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. WESTMORELAND , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 720, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. MR. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5minute votes on motions to suspend the rules with regard to H.R. 1818 and H.R. 4586. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 413, nays 5, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 187] YEAS—413 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Fattah Fincher Garamendi Hastings Herrera Beutler Latta Maloney, Sean Mooney (WV) Nolan Norcross Pitts Scott, David Titus Webster (FL) Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained for voting on Thursday, May 12th, Had I been present and voting, I would have voted accordingly: ‘‘Aye’’ on rollcall No. 186 (Lynch Amendment to H.R. 5046); ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 187 (Final Passage of H.R. 5046); ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 188 (Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 1818, Veteran Emergency Medical Technician Support Act of 2016); and ‘‘aye; on rollcall No. 189 (Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 4586, Lali’s Law). REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–564) on the resolution (H. Res. 725) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
PERMISSION TO FILE SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 4909, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to file a supplemental report on the bill, H.R. 4909. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ABRAHAM ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
CELEBRATING THE REINSTATEMENT OF MILITARY BURIAL HONORS TO THE WASP (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as the sponsor of the bill that awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the Women Airforce Service Pilots, known as WASP, I applaud the passage by the House and Senate of legislation that will reinstate burial rights at Arlington National Cemetery to these women pioneers. I would like to congratulate my dear friend and colleague Congresswoman MARTHA MCSALLY , sitting right in front of me, the first woman pilot in the U.S. Air Force to fly combat missions, who led this effort. I am humbled to represent a diverse south Florida community, home to some of these women trailblazers, like Ruth Shafer Fleisher, Shirley Kruse, and Bee Haydu, as well as the late Frances Rohrer Sargent and Helen Wyatt Snapp. I am so glad that we helped to bring them back their right to lay at Arlington Cemetery if they wish to do so. I am truly honored, Mr. Speaker, to have joined Congresswoman MCSALLY , and I thank those who joined us in this valiant effort. 
b1630 GOVERNMENT TRANSPARENCY (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise as a proud daughter to talk about a matter of government transparency. The families of those who lost their lives on September 11th and all Americans deserve to know who was behind these terrible, horrific terrorist attacks. I believe some of those answers can be found in the 28 classified pages from the joint inquiry into the attacks—28 pages my father, Senator Bob Graham, has been advocating for the release of for 12 years. I have read the 28 pages. My father has read the 28 pages. Some of my colleagues in the Congress have read the 28 pages; yet, still today, the American people aren’t able to read them. As elected officials, we answer to the people. Adlai Stevenson said it best: ‘‘As citizens of this democracy, you are the rulers and the ruled, the lawgivers and the lawabiders, the beginning and the end.’’ Mr. Speaker, no one has been able to answer the question of why is it necessary to continue to hide the truth from the public, so it is time to allow all Americans to read the 28 pages and make up their own minds, as is their American right. 
CMS ON STATE EXCHANGES (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, thanks to a report by the House Energy and Commerce Committee, we now know that a top CMS official misled Congress during a hearing that was investigating wasted funds on ObamaCare State exchanges. I have the report right here in my hand. When ObamaCare was enacted, the President freely gave taxpayer money to States to establish these State exchanges. Since then, exchanges in Oregon, New Mexico, Hawaii, Nevada, among others, have failed and billions of taxpayer dollars have been squandered. I think I speak for the American taxpayer when I ask: Where is all the leftover money? My legislation, H.R. 4262, addresses this problem by establishing a plan to recoup Federal funds and, most importantly, protect American taxpayers from having to pay back the balance. Clearly, State exchanges are a mess if a CMS administrator cannot speak correctly or accurately on them. Faulty State exchanges are not going away. It is a problem that is only just beginning, and it is going to get worse. I thank the committee for their investigation, and I urge my colleagues to support my legislation, the Transparency and Accountability of Failed Exchanges Act. 
CONGRATULATING HAROLD HAYES (Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of my constituents, Harold Hayes, who is retiring after more than 35 years in broadcasting in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Harold has a lifelong connection to the city of Pittsburgh. Born in McKeesport, Harold went on to graduate from South Hills High School and then from the University of Pittsburgh. He joined KDKATV as a reporter in 1979, and he has been there ever since, providing the people of southwestern Pennsylvania with solid, objective reporting about the news that matters to them. There is no doubt that Harold Hayes has served as Pittsburgh’s reporter throughout his many years with KDKA. I want to commend Harold for his contributions to our community, congratulate him on his retirement, and wish him all the best as he begins the next phase of his life. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of my constituents, Harold Hayes, who’s retiring after more than thirtyfive years in broadcasting in Pittsburgh, PA. Harold has a lifelong connection to the City of Pittsburgh. Born in McKeesport, Harold went on to graduate from South Hills High School and then from the University of Pittsburgh in 1975 with a Bachelor’s degree in Speech and Communications. After graduation, Harold worked as a research assistant in the ‘‘Reading is Fundamental’’ program, sponsored by the Urban League of Pittsburgh. In August of 1979, Harold joined KDKA–TV as a reporter, and he’s been there ever since, providing the people of southwestern Pennsylvania with solid, objective reporting about the news that matters to them. Since joining the station, Harold has covered everything from military operations in the Middle East to landmark local court cases. He has amassed an impressive portfolio of overseas coverage, including reporting on Operation Desert Shield in Saudi Arabia in 1990, the government of Kuwait’s memorial to the local lives lost during Operation Desert Storm in 1993, and the funeral of Pope John Paul II in 2005. Yet his touch has really been felt locally, not only reporting on the daytoday lives of Pittsburghers, but even making sure to follow up on stories that made headlines years ago. For example, he covered the 1981 court desegregation order that resulted in the creation of the Woodland Hills School District. Twenty years later, he found one of the students he had interviewed back then, and discovered that the former student now had a child who was about to graduate from Woodland Hills as well. It is this type of dedication and compassion that has distinguished Harold from most other reporters in Pittsburgh for years. Harold has covered both tragedy and triumph, as well as the personal stories of working people, Presidents, and protesters all with equal grace, fairness, compassion, and his special dry sense of humor. Harold brings both humility and perspective to his work every day, and because of that, has remained a consummate professional throughout his 37 years of work. He represents that high level of personal integrity and the demanding work ethic that characterize the people of Southwestern Pennsylvania. There is no doubt that Harold Hayes has served as ‘‘Pittsburgh’s Reporter’’ throughout his many years with KDKA. We will miss Harold’s presence on the air. Harold represents the best that there is in broadcast journalism, and he will be recognized for his contributions by the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in September when he will receive a Lifetime Achievement Award at a ceremony in Philadelphia, PA. Harold’s commitment to our community extends far beyond his career as a newsman. He has also become a spokesperson for the Negro Educational Emergency Fund (NEED), and he created a scholarship in his mother’s name for local students. In addition, he helps raise money for the Rev. J. Harold Hayes Scholarship, named for his late father, a former pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church in McKeesport. I want to commend Harold for his contributions to our community, congratulate him on his retirement, and wish him all the best as he begins the next phase of his life. f 
OPIOID ADDICTION (Ms. MCSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, opioid addiction is an epidemic that is tearing our communities apart. This devastation is acutely felt by families in southern Arizona, many of whom know all too well the pain of losing a loved one to an overdose. Nobody, no family, is immune. A recent analysis showed that Pima County, which I represent, has an overdose rate twice as high as any other county in Arizona, which had the 10th highest rate in the Arizona. Southern Arizona’s close proximity to the border exacerbates this problem, as more and more opioids come flowing into our communities. Reports show that, between 2010 and 2015, heroin seizures spiked by more than 300 percent. Too many lives have been ruined by the tragic consequences of opioid abuse, which is why we must act. This week the House is voting on 18 bills that take steps such as launching medication and treatment intervention programs, expanding resources to evidencebased incarceration alternatives, and increasing the availability of lifesaving overdose reversal drugs. These are many important first steps to stopping the rise of opioid addiction, and I pledge to continue working to address this very grave and urgent issue. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Police Week and to honor police officers killed in the line of duty. 
Sobering stories of everyday heroes lost in the line of duty led me to introduce H.R. 2350, Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act, along with my fellow Pennsylvania colleague, Congressman MIKEFITZPATRICK . This is a commonsense bill that would ease the financial burden of families of fallen law enforcement as well as other first responders by increasing Federal student aid opportunities for those children to pursue a college education. Every child should have a fair opportunity to pursue a college degree, especially those who have suffered the unimaginable loss of a parent in the line of duty. I commend the Senate for passing our companion bill earlier this week, and I call upon the House to pass our bill immediately. 
DECLASSIFY DOCUMENTS (Mr. JONES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Senator BOBGRAHAM of Florida for taking the national lead to declassify the 28 pages about 9/11, when so many Americans were killed. The information is critical to the freedom of America. Representatives LYNCH , MASSIE , and myself have introduced H. Res. 14. We have over 54 colleagues in both parties who have joined us to say to President Obama: You have the authority—you don’t even need Congress—to declassify this information. You promised the 9/11 families that you would do this. Mr. President, keep your promise to the 9/11 families who are in so much pain. Keep your promise to the American people and let the American people know the truth about 9/11. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair reminds Members to address their remarks to the Chair. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CARL WHITMARSH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is a special privilege to be able to come to the floor and acknowledge the giants that live among us. Today I want to honor a giant in my community, the 18th Congressional District, which I have the privilege of representing. That giant’s name is Carl Whitmarsh. If one were to think of those like Franklin Delano Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, William Jefferson Clinton, President Obama, and many other leaders who invested in America, you would think of Carl Whitmarsh. He invested in the process of democracy. He invested, yes, in the Democratic Party because he was known as a democratic activist, but he had a sincere heart, being one of the members of the Texas Young Democrats. But in the course of being a democratic person and an activist, Carl worked with one of the first African Americans to integrate the Young Democrats in the name of Doris Hubbard. They worked together to say that, in this Nation, we are all equal. Yes, he was feisty. He was strong. He made us stand up and acknowledge our responsibilities of service. We lost him this past weekend. I want to thank Mr. and Mrs. Schlett for the great work that they have done to answer his need in the place he lived. I thank the Schletts for all they have done. Let me thank all of his friends for all they have done. Certainly, he was a friend of Hillary Clinton. He was a friend of mine and a friend of those who now mourn him. So among those of us who count ourselves as activists, let me simply say that he was a public servant and he believed in helping people. Let me also give my sympathy to the Oak Forest Area Democrats and all of his friends and family. Because we know that not only is a voice of democracy silenced, but we realize that a person who loved all of us and loved life and was willing to share—that person is Carl Whitmarsh. May he rest in peace. We have lost you, but not your spirit, your memory, and your legacy. f 
PLANNING 2.0 (Mrs. LUMMIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, today in the Natural Resources Committee here in the House we heard testimony about how the Bureau of Land Management’s Planning 2.0 rule might affect counties around this country that are dealing with Federal lands in their districts. FLPMA, which is the Federal Land Policy Management Act, is a law that was designed to give local government a lot of input especially in counties where there is a tremendous amount of Federal land. We heard today from counties that have 90 to 95 percent of their land owned by the Federal Government. They need input into what is going on in their districts. FLPMA contemplated that. For Planning 2.0, the new proposed rule to change that and perhaps eliminate some opportunities for local governments to have input into Federal land management decisions would be a huge mistake. I ask the Bureau of Land Management to extend the time beyond the 30 days they granted and allow 180 days for the time that local governments and other stakeholders are allowed to respond to the proposed new rule. 
REACHING OUT TO CONSTITUENTS (Mr. MEEKS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, as I often do, I reached out to my constituents to find out what issues are most important to them. I sent out a survey, and thousands responded. The top three issues on the minds of folks back home are affordable housing, gun control, and police community relations. In every Congress since I have been here, I have pushed to raise funding for HUD and NYCHA so that we can renovate housing and increase both the amount of section 8 vouchers and affordable housing units in New York City and this country. On gun control, I have cosponsored nearly every gun violence prevention bill in Congress, and I will continue to stand up to the NRA and the rest of the gun lobby. I am keenly aware of the need to improve policecommunity relations. We need to force an honest dialogue with police and the communities they serve. So to the folks back home, I want to reassure you I hear you loudly and clearly and I will continue to stay focused on the issues most important to you. Thank you for participating in the survey we sent out. I will continue to fight for you, as I always have. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair reminds Members to address their remarks to the Chair. f 
OPIOID ADDICTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, for what feels like the first time this year, the House got to work on something that would genuinely help millions of Americans: addressing the opioid crisis. My home State of New Jersey is a perfect example of this epidemic in both reach and financial impact. Four of every five new heroin users started their drug abuse addictions with a prescription opioid. By one estimate, New Jersey is now home to more than 128,000 heroin addicts. b1645 In the past 10 years, heroin has claimed 5,000 lives in my State, and we fall just short of the top 10 in the percent of healthcare costs we use on those suffering with opioid addiction. Opioids, both heroin and prescription painkillers, are driving the national 
crisis of lethal overdose, with more than 60 percent of these deaths attributed to opiate abuse. Many have called this an epidemic, and they are absolutely right. It deserves our attention, and I applaud the bipartisan work we have done this week. But while we have taken a few vital steps, there are two very important things that I need my colleagues to understand. First, that although we have newly and rightly chosen to show those dealing with opioid addiction compassion and clemency, the only thing new about the addiction epidemic is its face. The greatest spikes have been among White, suburban Americans, for whom we are opening doors for treatment, rehabilitation, and alternatives to incarceration. Meanwhile, communities of color have watched families arrested, convicted, and imprisoned for decades over nonviolent drug offenses. African Americans are three to four times more likely to be arrested for drug crimes, and when these offenders go behind bars instead of to treatment beds, it breaks families and has lasting, devastating impacts on both families and communities. We have now begun to take an evidencebased approach to drug abuse, one that recognizes that arrest and long prison terms come at great cost and zero benefit. It is something that we should have done a long time ago. But now that we recognize the flawed policies of the past, we need to turn a critical eye to the victims of the older paradigm and offer them the doors to rehabilitation that we have created for today’s offenders. There is a second vital step here, Mr. Speaker, without which all of our bipartisanship today would be meaningless. We have authorized a variety of measures that have the potential to stop the advance of the opioid crisis, but without funding and continued review, our work will be worthless. States and local municipalities need new resources to combat this crisis if we are going to make any kind of difference. That is why my Democratic colleagues put forward a proposal that will provide $600 million in new funds specifically to fight opioids and heroin. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle voted to block that proposal, which makes me concerned that they assume that the handful of authorizations we have worked on will be enough. With 78 Americans dying from opioid overdose every day, the American people cannot afford for us to wash our hands of this issue without providing the resources necessary to halt this epidemic for all of those that are affected. We need to keep pushing forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), the honorable chairman of our Progressive Caucus. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I also want to lend my voice to hers as I stand here before you to say that I was happy to vote for the legislation addressing opioid addiction today; sad that Republicans didn’t support Democratic initiatives, but overall happy with the work that has been done on this this week. I know many people fighting opioid addiction. It is debilitating. It is heartbreaking in the lives that it has ruined. And I think that though the steps we took today were positive, we could have taken more. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reflect upon an issue that is related to this, but give a little historic perspective because I think that Congress’ response to opioid addiction has, I think, in the main, been commendable. Unfortunately, if it were 20 years ago today, in the mid 1990s, perhaps the response of Congress then to crack cocaine was very different. The response to crack cocaine was massive incarceration. The effect of the crack cocaine epidemic was massive blanketing of police in certain neighborhoods, frontend loaders in poor neighborhoods. I hope that what this more humane, more medicaloriented response to drug addiction represents is America learning how to deal with drug addiction because I think a more cynical person, not me, might say that because crack cocaine was associated with people who were African Americans, a more harsh, policeoriented, prisonoriented response was warranted and tolerable; and because opioid is more broad and affects the majority community as well, that a more reasoned response is warranted. Thinking about people like Kemba Smith, who got 24 years in prison when she was a student at Hampton University. She never touched 1 gram of crack cocaine; had a boyfriend who was a drug dealer. He housed some drugs in her house. She got convicted, ended up getting 24 years in prison. Thank goodness President Clinton gave her a commutation, but ruined her life. We now have about 2.4 million people in prison, many of them for nonviolent drug offenses, many who were arrested and given an enormous amount of time in the crack cocaine wars of the 1990s. I hope that the enlightened approach that we have now, which is not marked with helicopters and frontend loaders and all types of weaponry, literally militarizing Black neighborhoods across the United States back in the 1990s—I am glad that that is not the response we have taken this time. I hope it means we have learned something, but I hope it also means that we go back and ask ourselves if some of the exorbitant sentences that people got, life sentences in some cases, 10 years, 20 years, we revisit these; we look at mandatory minimums for some of these offenders; that we look at how we have exploded massive prison rates all around crack, even though, in my opinion, crack and powder cocaine are basically the difference between ice and water. They are essentially the same chemical. We incarcerate one much more severely than the other. One is used predominantly by Whites; the other, more Blacks are found in possession of it, and the rates of incarceration are dramatically different. This Congress corrected a grievous injustice where we punished crack cocaine 100 times more severely than we did powder. We changed that to 18 times more. That is improvement; it is not equality. But I hope that today, the way we dealt with opioids, which I supported and I voted for—because I do believe that we do need to have more of a medical approach to drug addiction than the militarized, policeoriented, incarcerationoriented measure that we have used in the past—I hope that this new way of dealing with drug addiction is an advance in our understanding rather than a reflection of who is being hurt. I think that if we really want to demonstrate that it is a reflection of what we have learned, then we have some unfinished business to achieve because there are still a lot of people who are dealing with the vestiges of mass incarceration and the war on crack cocaine. Let me also just say that I remember being a young criminal defense lawyer in Minnesota, and I remember being in court when a courageous young judge named Pam Alexander, an African American female, found that the difference between powder and crack cocaine sentencing was not warranted by the facts or the evidence; in fact, amounted to an equal protection violation under the Minnesota constitution. To the credit of the Minnesota State Supreme Court, they upheld her ruling, but Pam Alexander paid a heavy toll for her courageous judicial work because she was nominated to be a Federal district judge. That was blocked by people who wanted to maintain the status quo, and she never got to be a Federal district court judge. Now, she is still a distinguished journalist, to the pride of us all; but, you know, just showing that some people went to prison for this and others had their careers limited because of their willingness to speak up against these equal protection problems. So I just hope that today represents advancing our understanding rather than just the different treatment that different people historically have received in our country. I definitely feel that I was proud to vote for the four measures today and enjoyed the debate and definitely was— my heart was in sync with all of my colleagues when they were talking about some of the very horrific problems that people suffer from opioid addiction. I am right there with them and my heart is right there with them and my mind is right there with them. 
Committee bill authored by Mr. S ENSENBRENNER working with Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , many Members, and me, I indicated that we missed a period of history of the crack cocaine users. Many of them are languishing in prisons. So I am hopeful about this bipartisan spirit, as we look to sentencing reduction through H.R. 3713, for something miraculous, because it includes retroactivity. Many of those crack cocaine users are nonviolent. We will have the ability as this legislation works its way through Congress to include them in the scheme of treatment and the restoration part of what we are trying to do in the lives of people who are sick and addicted. I had someone come to me who said: Don’t forget the meth users. We know that meth was an epidemic—and still is—and how destructive it is to one’s physical look and body. So I am delighted to join my colleagues here to say that we did have a newsworthy great week and that we were taking a look at opioids in a different manner, that we are taking a look and working with physicians and the medical profession to be able to ensure that they do their work and that we find a way to provide a monitoring situation so that we can stem the tide of this horrific, horrible, and destructive drug addiction that destroys the lives of so many young people. I close by saying that some years ago, my late mother was in the hospital. We know how we treat our parents—but our mothers. I was flying back and forth from this House checking and determining what her condition was. She had so many moments where she was on the brink but she came on back. One of the moments that I came to the hospital, there was erratic behavior. It wasn’t my mother. That is the issue that we want. We want people to be explained to as to what is going on. It was a treatment that was dealing with trying to ease her pain. I had to ask them: What is she using? Percocet. The first time that I heard that word was 6 years ago—or even later, beyond 6 years. That was 2010, so it was even earlier than that. I didn’t know the ramifications of Percocet. I am a lawyer and not a doctor. But I realize that whatever it was, the cure was worse than the disease, and I asked them to take my mother off the Percocet and for me never to see that again. Now, how many families do that? She did get off of it. Thank God, she healed and walked out of that hospital. That wasn’t the time that she passed. She lived for another day. But we need, in this opioid discussion, as we are moving against mass incarceration, to explain to families and physicians to talk about what these painkillers can do. Because, in essence, they are sometimes so toxic that they, in many instances, easily cause addiction, as I have heard many parents say about their youngsters who had athletic injuries. So I thank the Congresswoman for yielding to me because I think this week has been a magnificent week when we have opened the door and kicked the can not down the road, but we have kicked it to open the door to say to all of us in America that it is okay. Addiction can be cured. But we are going to work alongside of you so that you can openly seek that cure to relieve yourself of addiction, and we are not going to direct you down the path of incarceration and mandatory minimums. I want that for those who are languishing and who have been sentenced on crack cocaine, and I am looking forward to working so that legislation covers that aspect of those who are still incarcerated. With that, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me, and I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for always sharing with us in our Special Order Hour her wisdom, experience, unique observations, recommendations, and proposals. I thank the gentlewoman very much. Mr. Speaker, let me add just one more thought to this topic. This week we demonstrated that bipartisanship is still possible on issues that matter to the American people. We need to take that same spirit and apply it to the countless other issues that have always been bipartisan. Restoring the Voting Rights Act, for one; addressing the significant dangers of a virus, in this instance, of the Zika virus is another illustration; and passing a budget that creates jobs and grows paychecks for American workers. As we now shift topics here, Mr. Speaker, there is another issue that this body has been avoiding for decades. A few months ago, I joined my colleagues on the floor of the House to urge the passage of the Equal Rights Amendment. We are here again, Mr. Speaker, and we will keep coming back until it is done. We have been avoiding ensuring protection for women in the Constitution for almost 100 years, and with enduring biases and discrimination against women, there is no better time than now. The ERA would give Congress the constitutional grounds to pass legislation that gives women victimized by genderbased violence recourse in Federal court and restoring elements of the Violence Against Women Act that have been deemed invalid by the Supreme Court. The ERA would give women a stronger legal platform from which to protest gender bias discrimination at work, giving cases like Betty Dukes’ 2011 suit against Walmart the standing they would need. When you prove statistically lower pay and slower promotion, the biases are obvious and shouldn’t be allowed to continue just because they haven’t been specifically expressed. The ERA would keep women from being forced out of work during pregnancy, a protection that currently does not exist. Those are just a few of its benefits. For a long time, the push for the ERA has been viewed from a single perspective. But it is time for a coalition of women of every ethnicity, every religion, every nationality, and every race to stand united in the call for the ERA because it is for all of us. There are unique issues that every minority group faces, but they are all compounded when you add the gender to that plate. We can and we must work together to level the gender playing field, and the ERA is the best route to that goal. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to a fierce fighter for women and the ERA, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I truly want to thank BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN for hosting this Special Order to talk about the Equal Rights Amendment. I can’t think of anything that is more important than protecting the rights of half the population of America. We in Congress and in our country have helped other countries win their independence and craft their constitutions. One of the things we worked to place in that constitution is equality of treatment for all people. We have seen that countries that treat women well have less terrorism, less turmoil, and more economic stability, and that adds to the peace of the world. Yet we don’t have women in the Constitution of the United States of America. b1715 I think it is long past due, and it doesn’t cost any money. It just is an equality statement in a Constitution giving protection to half the population. I have come to this Congress and reintroduced the Equal Rights Amendment. We know that it passed in the 1970s. It fell three States short of ratification. You need 38 States, and 35 ratified it. It has already passed in this country before, and there is huge support. Currently, we have over 187 bipartisan cosponsors that have joined Bonnie and me in this effort. There is an old Chinese saying that women hold up half the sky. But what most women are concerned about is how they are treated while they are on the Earth. We want to be treated fairly on the Earth. The exclusion of women—half the population—from the Constitution has dire consequences. Last month we commemorated Equal Pay Day, or more appropriately, ‘‘Unequal Pay Day,’’ when the average woman’s salary catches up with an average man’s earning from the previous year. To put it simply, women have to work 3
1⁄2months more than a male colleague doing the same job with the same pay to reach his equal pay. Now, I can say we have made progress. When I first entered the workforce, we were at 59 cents to the 
dollar. We have made progress. We are now at 79 cents to the dollar. But economists say that, if we continue at the same rate, it will be the year 2025 before anything near equality is reached in equality of pay. Given that fact, the economic state of women in the United States is unequal, unfair, and unacceptable if we want to ensure financial stability of American families and protect economic growth. It is very interesting. One study was done by Heidi Hartmann, who is a MacArthur Awardwinning economist. She stated that, if you just paid women equally, you would eliminate half the poverty in the United States. So everybody talks about job programs and everything else. Just pay women fairly and you would eliminate half the poverty in our country. That is an easy way to address opportunity and fair treatment. This unfairness of 79 cents to the dollar is also much, much more unfair when it goes to women of color. The pay gap is even larger. The pay gap has narrowed slightly over the years, but its impact is perhaps more detrimental today than ever before because women are participating in the workforce in record numbers. Increasingly, women are sometimes absolutely necessary for the income of the family, and some are single parents, as I am. I am a widow. When you treat a woman fairly, you are treating her husband fairly and her children fairly. With more women in the workforce because they have to work, bringing home a full, fair paycheck becomes more and more important. I recently asked the Joint Economic Committee democratic staff to study the effects of the gender gap, not just the 79 cents to the dollar, but what does it mean over a lifetime. This report, which was probably the most comprehensive, indepth report on the subject to date, looked at the pay gap by age, race, State, and congressional districts. What it showed is that, over the span of a lifetime, it compounded. Women are 75 percent more likely to live in poverty in their old age than their male counterparts. The unequal pay in the paycheck translates into lower pensions, lower Social Security, lower savings, and just less cash in the pocketbook. They say that, in 1 year over the lifetime of a woman, the average is that you lose over $500,000 in pay. That is just the pay. Then you have to compound it into all of the savings aspects that all of us rely on in our older age. We found that the gender gap varies widely by race, age, and State. Working mothers—this is so interesting. For a country that says we honor the family, we honor the mothers and the fathers, if you become a mother—and many economists have written the same thing—you pay a penalty in the form of depressed wages when compared to working fathers and women without children. Women that become mothers, the study showed that they are paid less— they call it the ‘‘mommy penalty’’— yet, men that become fathers are paid more. Men that become fathers are paid not only more than women, but they are paid more than men without children. So it is interesting. And the statistics are that men with children make 15 percent more than men without children and significantly more than women. Over a career, this disparity widens for women, making them more likely to live in poverty. Older women are the largest segment of poverty in our country. Women cannot support their families or fully participate in the economy when they are consistently paid less than men doing comparable work. This is bad for everyone. As you go through it, you wonder why does the gender gap persist and what can we do about it. In the past 30 years, the gender gap has been stuck at 79 cents to the dollar. After controlling for the complex factors that contribute to the gender gap, which could be leaving work to take care of children, taking care of an elderly parent, or other reasons, there is a 40 percent gap which many economists attribute to discrimination. Without the ERA, there is little to do. There is no recourse to fight gender discrimination when it does exist. The late Justice Antonin Scalia agreed and famously said, ‘‘Certainly the Constitution does not require discrimination on the basis of sex. The only issue is whether it prohibits it. It doesn’t.’’ I believe that Justice Scalia, who Ruth Bader Ginsburg called her closest friend on the Court, was doing the women’s movement and likeminded men who care about women a favor by making this crystal clear. He was a strict constitutionalist. He went by the Constitution. His statement made it very clear: Women are not in the Constitution; therefore, I, as a Justice, and others would not protect them. We need to correct this. It is something that we could join hands and make happen. If we don’t explicitly protect women in the Constitution, there can be no expectation for equality in the workforce, government, sports, or academia. There is no remedy for discrimination against women in the court. There have been some celebrated Supreme Court decisions that the dissent has said that this will be reversed in later years, and I believe it will. But they decided against women on the point that women aren’t in the Constitution. Well, let’s change that. That is something we can do in this House: pass a bill that puts women in the Constitution of our great country. Leaving women out of the Constitution and legally defenseless harms all of us in other areas of our lives. The progress women have made can too easily be rolled back, laws can be repealed, and judicial attitudes can shift. Something as fundamental as equality of opportunity and rights should not be at the whim of who is on the Court, who is in the legislature, or any other law that could be put in place to roll rights back. I would say that equality for women is a fundamental right that the vast majority of this country supports. I polled it once, and 99 percent of the people in America said, yes, people should have equal rights, and, yes, they should have equality of opportunity. Yet, this fundamental aspect for half of the population of America—and it is an important half of the population. Every man had a mother. Women are there working in the home, in the society, and in the communities. As we help and support and empower women, we empower our country and empower our economy. We can’t compete and win in this world economy without using the strength of all of our people. That means not just talented men, but talented women, also. Ninety percent of the country actually thinks the Constitution already fully protects women because it seems so much like a nobrainer. If you asked anyone in this body, they would say ‘‘Of course women should be treated equally,’’ ‘‘Of course I want my daughters and my sons to have equal opportunity.’’ Properly valuing women is the right thing to do for our daughters, sisters, mothers, and grandmothers. It is also the closest thing to a silver bullet to stimulate the economy. If you just paid women equally, you would move so much more money into the economy that would have to be consumed and spent in the economy. I want to really thank the likeminded men and women who support the opportunity and the goal for women to be treated fairly. I believe this is an issue that we could all agree on. It is a fundamental right. I think that people believe in opportunity. This is one way to make sure that all of our citizens have the same opportunity. I want to thank BONNIE for bringing this issue to the floor. She brings it to the floor once a month. That shows a persistence and a commitment that I want to follow and want to support. I can’t think of anything more important that we could spend our time on as a Nation or as individuals than helping people have the equal treatment and the equal opportunity that they so justly deserve in this great country. I just want to close by saying I wake up every morning and I say a prayer and I kiss the ground and thank God that I was born an American. There is no question in my mind that we are the greatest country on Earth. We treat our people the best. It is amazing. We just did a report that came out of the President’s Office of Economic Advisers that shows that our economy is leading the world. The only thing that is hurting our economy is the suffering other economies that are pulling us 
down. We are a great country. But one of the reasons that we are so great is that we always strive to be better. I can’t think of doing anything more important or better than treating all of our citizens equally and allowing them to have the same equal opportunity under our great flag and under our great Constitution. It is long past due to put women in the Constitution. I hope my colleagues will join me in helping to make this dream of equality a reality in the great country of the United States of America. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York. I welcome our partnership on this endeavor. We committed to one another that we are going to continue to raise the issue of the ERA on a monthly basis so that people will be reawakened to just how significant and important this is. I was very struck by the information that she shared with us with regard to the unequal pay as it relates to women versus men. While we cited sort of the general knowledge or norm that is associated with the ERA and with unequal pay, we recognize that there is an even greater disparity when it comes to African American women and Latin women to the tune of 63 cents on the dollar and 54 cents on the dollar. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), who is also a fierce fighter for equality for all people. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as I listened to Congresswoman MALONEY , I heard her mention the Constitution and the importance of the Equal Rights Amendment and I am reminded of the constitutional amendment that was needed in 1920 to allow women the right to vote. If you took a broad assessment of the American people, they might allude to women have the right to vote. But what I would offer to say to them is that every time we wanted to be sure of a right given to a leftout group, we had to add to the Bill of Rights. b1730 The Bill of Rights includes the Fifth Amendment, which is the protection of our property and due process. It includes the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments, which codify, constitutionally, the wrongness of slavery and the concept of equal protection under the law. But in all of that, it has not protected women in their rightful place in this society to have a legal basis to object to unequal pay. It did not provide the cover for Lilly Ledbetter, who went to protest the fact that she was paid less and was not given any respect by the employer who felt that there were no laws that protected her. I believe that, in all of my tenure in Congress, I have supported the Equal Rights Amendment legislation. So I just answer today, for those who may be querying ‘‘here they come again’’ or ‘‘they already have a Bill of Rights’’ or ‘‘they have the amendment allowing them to vote,’’ yes, we have sectors of rights—the right to vote—and maybe we join in and have the right to due process. What the Equal Rights Amendment does is it pierces the veil of governmental leadership and governance, and it says to the 50 States: you must adhere to the Constitution as it is related to women and that, with every aspect of governmental action that impacts women, without discrimination against men, you must put them on an equal footing. We have title VII and we have title IX; but, Mr. Speaker, in spite of those statutes, women are still discriminated against because you can’t section off their rights and expect all of their rights to be protected. Discrimination under title VII fits one box, and title IX, with athletics, fits another box. Then, for some reason, we have all of these different aspects that seem either not to prevail under lawsuits under title VII or not to prevail under lawsuits under title IX, but women are still discriminated against. If there were an amendment that would cover all aspects of governance that States had to adhere to, that counties had to adhere to, that cities had to adhere to, and that, certainly, the Federal Government had to adhere to, because the Constitution is the Constitution of the United States for all people, then we would see the lifting of those issues that impact women and that are not clarified through the statutory process. I rise today again to support the movement of this bill through the Judiciary Committee, to the floor of the House, and, ultimately, through the Senate. For my colleagues, many of you know that there is a constitutional process that would engage the States. Then, ultimately, that would become an amendment to the United States Constitution. What better process of engaging the people of the United States in determining whether they want and recognize the importance of an Equal Rights Amendment than the process of amending the Constitution of the United States. I finish by saying we are doing what is right, and I am hoping that its conclusion will be in short order on behalf of the women and the men and the families of this great United States of America. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for joining us in this discussion as well. Mr. Speaker, it has been almost a century; so the time for the ERA is right now. I yield back the balance of my time. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK: BLUE LIVES MATTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, tonight, my colleagues and I come to the floor of the United States House of Representatives to spotlight and highlight a very special week, a week that brings families and police officers together here in Washington, D.C. It is a week that is called National Police Week where these families and police officers from around the country come and gather to remember those police officers whose lives were tragically taken in the line of duty during the past year, and this happens every year. In that process, we not only remember those lives who were lost in the past year, but we also remember those lives who were lost in all of the years prior to that. Later on, I will talk about a couple of close friends of mine whose lives were taken early in their careers in the King County Sheriff’s Office. I should say that, prior to coming to Congress, I spent 33 years in the King County Sheriff’s Office in Seattle, starting in a patrol car, then as a detective, then as a SWAT commander, a hostage negotiator, a precinct commander, and, finally, as a sheriff, then coming here to Congress. To begin tonight, I honor Chehalis Police Officer Rick Silva and Washington State Trooper Brent Hanger, who both tragically died in the State of Washington in the line of duty. I begin with Washington State Trooper Brent Hanger. Trooper Hanger died on August 6, 2015, while investigating a marijuana grow in a small town called Yakima, Washington. He was 47 years old. He had a wife, Lisa, and six children: Emily, Erin, Kailey, Erik, Kyle, and Kevin. Trooper Hanger served with the State Patrol for 17 years, all of which were spent in the State Patrol’s District 7, which includes Washington State’s Snohomish, Skagit, and Whatcom Counties. Early in his career, in 2000, Trooper Hanger received the Award of Merit from the State Patrol for assisting and saving the life of a suicidal person. It is one of the things we forget about with regard to police officers. We are really peace officers, and we are there to protect people and keep the peace. The vast majority of us who go into law enforcement enter into law enforcement to protect people and to save lives, and that is what Trooper Hanger did in 2000 on just one occasion that he was recognized for. I also recognize Chehalis Police Officer Rick Silva. Rick was 60. He died in Chehalis on June 18, 2015, in Centralia, Washington. He had a wife named Cindy and a daughter named Shannon. From 1986 to 1988, he was a Lewis County corrections officer. From 1988 to 2002, he was an officer with the Lewis County Sheriff’s Office; and he was employed, when he passed away, with the Chehalis Police Department. He was a selftaught master fabricator, race car driver, automotive restorer, and carpenter. Since the first known line of duty death in the year 1791, more than 20,000 
U.S. law enforcement officers have made the ultimate sacrifice. A total of 1,439 law enforcement officers died in the line of duty during the past 10 years—an average of one death every 61 hours, or 144 per year. There were 123 law enforcement officers who were killed in the line of duty in 2015. Since the beginning of 2016, 36 law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty—36 this year. So far, the number of firearmrelated fatalities is up 50 percent compared to the same time last year. In 2014 alone, there were 15,725 assaults against law enforcement, resulting in 13,824 injuries. Now, we hear sometimes in our own communities about those who lost their lives, but we don’t always hear about those who were injured in the line of duty. The next speaker I will introduce here in a moment is also a career law enforcement officer. He was also a sheriff, a sheriff in Florida, and I am sure that he and I together could trade police stories all night that would illustrate for you, Mr. Speaker, and for others who are listening the danger that one experiences as a law enforcement officer across this country. I yield to the sheriff, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. NUGENT ). Mr. NUGENT. I thank Sheriff REICHERT so very much for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we are here at a very solemn time in the law enforcement community. National Police Week is the week that we honor those who have fallen the year before and in all of the prior years. When Sheriff REICHERT was talking about the statistics of assaults on law enforcement officers and about the number of law enforcement officers who are killed annually, behind each of those stories is a real person—a son or a daughter who is not coming home anymore, or a wife or a husband. I have been a police officer. I was a police officer for 38 years, and I was ultimately a sheriff in Hernando County, Florida. I have buried my share of fellow law enforcement officers in those 38 years—too many to even talk about without bringing a tear. I can tell you, as a rookie police officer who was right out of the academy, in the first year I was on the street, one of the guys with whom I went through the academy was shot and killed. That was the first year out of the academy. I was held hostage at one point in time in my career by a guy who was intent on killing his wife. We all have stories like that. Sheriff REICHERT is one of those true heroes in law enforcement. He is too modest to talk about the times that he has been assaulted, stabbed, or of the folks he has put in jail—the Green River Murderer. That is just the type of people we are. We are very humble. I was blessed to be in law enforcement for 38 years, and 12 of those years were outside the city of Chicago. I will tell you this: the brotherhood in law enforcement is the same wherever you go across this great Nation. We are made up of people, though, and we have flaws like anybody else. Whether you are a physician or a teacher or even a priest, sometimes they do wrong things, but 99.99 percent of those in law enforcement do it for all of the right reasons. It is not because they are going to make great pay, and it is not because: Oh, my gosh, I get to work the weekends or work holidays or work midnights or miss birthday parties. They do it because of the love that they have for the people whom they serve in whatever community it may be—as large as New York City and as small as Apopka, Florida. It doesn’t matter. The feelings that go into being a law enforcement officer are those of service to his fellow man. I have been blessed. My wife and I have been married for 41 years, with three sons—all of them in the military—but the one middle son, who is a Blackhawk pilot for the Florida Army National Guard, is also a deputy sheriff in Hillsborough County, Florida. I know the feeling that his wife has every time he dons that uniform and goes to work: Is he going to come home tonight? That is the feeling that all of our wives and mothers and grandmothers felt for their children as they went out the door wearing that uniform of whatever city, county, township they supported or State police agency. We have been blessed in America, and it is because of those people—that thin blue line—who are willing to stand in front of danger to protect the normal, average citizen, somebody they have never met and may never meet again. They run into burning buildings, just like on 9/11, to save people. They face down felons to save their fellow man. All they ask for is a little respect, and I don’t think that is too much to ask. This week we passed a piece of legislation, the Fallen Heroes Flag Act, that allows us as Members of Congress and in the Senate to provide a flag. It is a small token of our everlasting appreciation for the sacrifices their families have made in the deaths of loved ones who served their country while wearing a law enforcement officer’s uniform. We passed that here, and the President is going to sign it. It gives us the ability to provide that flag at no cost to the families. Go figure. At the end of the day, it is really about recognizing in a very small and symbolic way that it does matter. Blue lives matter, and all lives should matter. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished sheriff, the gentleman from Washington State, DAVEREICHERT . b1745 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, Sheriff NUGENT served 35 years. I know he looks a lot younger than I do, but he served a couple of years longer than I did. Sometimes we call people heroes and we don’t readily accept those titles because, as the sheriff said, we just want to help. Cops just want to help. They want to help people. They want to serve the community and want to keep people safe. I am proud to have another Member here tonight who I am going to introduce who has been a staunch supporter of law enforcement since his time in Congress. We actually came here together in 2005, and he happens to be a judge from Texas. So I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sheriff REICHERT , Sheriff NUGENT , and all the Members in Congress who have served in law enforcement before they came to the House. This is a solemn week when we show our respect and honor to those who have worn the shield or the star. You notice, Mr. Speaker, the shield or the star is always over the heart, and it is symbolic of protecting us from outlaws, from criminals. Law enforcement stands between us and those who would do us harm. That is why they wear the shield or the star over their heart, because they will give their lives and have for the rest of us, protecting us from those dobads out there. I served as a prosecutor in Houston, Texas, for 8 years and then 22 years in the criminal courts trying all kinds of cases. I met a lot of police officers. I still know a lot of them. They are certainly a rare breed that would do what they do. Most Americans couldn’t go on patrol one day and do what they do. They are to be admired. We honor those who have died last year, but we honor those who have died in previous years. Some in America don’t realize that the Capitol Police protect us around the Capitol. In 1998, two Capitol police officers, John Gibson and Jacob Chestnut, gave their lives protecting Members of Congress. We should remember them. Last year, 128 peace officers were killed in the United States. Eleven of those were females. Twelve were killed in Texas, the highest of any State. There were also two K–9s who were officers that were killed in Texas. Three of those officers who were killed were from my hometown of Houston, Texas: Darren Goforth of the Sheriff’s Department, Officer Tronoski Jones of the Sheriff’s Department, and Officer Richard Martin of the Houston Police Department. About this time last year, there was a robbery in progress—we call those hijackings in Houston—at a service station on Sunday morning. The Houston Police Department responded. They get to the scene and see a stolen UHaul van speeding away from the service station. There is a highspeed chase. The UHaul got a distance on the Houston police officers, jumped out of the UHaul, grabbed a lady that was getting in her minivan, pushed her out of the way, stole the minivan, took off, and are firing shots at the police officers. Meanwhile, most of Houston is asleep and safe. Their chase goes on for a long time. Officer Richard Martin was ahead of 
the chase. He got his patrol car far enough ahead that he jumped out of the car and put spikes in the road to stop this outlaw from getting away. The outlaw sees Richard Martin, veers off the road, hits him and kills him and keeps driving for 20 miles before the Houston Police Department stopped him. Richard Martin was 47. He had only been a peace officer for 4 years. He had other careers before that, including serving in the United States Air Force. He has two children. I met Tyler last week. He is 11. It was a rough, rough conversation talking to him about his dad. As Sheriff NUGENT said, these are real people and they are good people. They are a rare breed, the American breed, who will wear that star, that badge, over their hearts to protect us. All that separates us from evil and criminals is the thin blue line. That is it. You either have anarchy or you have the rule of law. Those who want to cause anarchy and mischief and crime in our communities are stopped by the law. That is why we call them law officers, peace officers. They are protecting us from those that would do us harm, and we certainly should give them and their families the respect and honor that they rightfully deserve because they make a sacrifice every day. They willingly make that sacrifice for us. Most peace officers I ever met have an extra job. They don’t make enough money being a peace officer; so, to support their families, they do something else. They work long hours all week doing everything they can to make an income to take care of their families, and we should recognize that they are the best that America has. In closing, I would just like to say, Mr. Speaker, peace officers are really the last strand of wire in the fence that protects good from evil, that protects the chickens from the coyotes. That is the peace officers. We appreciate what they have done. I want to thank Sheriff REICHERT for his service to our country, especially all those cases that you solved years ago. I am sure that the criminals are glad that you are in Congress and not back in Washington State chasing them down. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Judge POEfor his service, too, and for his staunch support of law enforcement officers across the country. Mr. Speaker, I would like to introduce Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, who has a real understanding of what it means to serve. His family is a family of military service. So he understands the service that law enforcement officers provide across this country as well. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff DAVE REICHERT along with Sheriff R ICHARD  NUGENT and Judge T EDPOEfor their service to law enforcement in Congress. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday marks the beginning of National Police Week, a time each year when we especially honor the service and sacrifice of our Nation’s police officers. Tragically, the citizens of South Carolina’s Second Congressional District lost two distinguished and courageous officers this year. Officer Gregory Alia, a 7year veteran of the City of Forest Acres Police Department, was beloved by his friends, family, and the entire community where he was born and raised. Gregory was an Eagle Scout, a graduate of Richland Northeast High School, and a graduate of the University of South Carolina. In 2003, I was grateful to accompany him along with my son, Hunter, with Troop 100 of St. Joseph’s Catholic Church of Columbia to the Philmont Scout Ranch in Cimarron, New Mexico, for a 100mile trek. I knew he was a great fellow. A hardworking, dedicated, and humble man, he was the embodiment of a hero every day of his life. As a new father, he loved his family, looked for the good in everyone, and was a selfless leader, one who brought people together. His end of watch was September 30, 2015, when he was shot while pursuing a suspect. I am grateful his wife, Kassy; parents, Dr. Richard and Alexis; aunt, Catherine AliaHarding; and his infant son, Sal, are here in the gallery and community today. Gregory’s legacy lives on not only in the outpouring of love and appreciation from the community, but also in the actions of his family and friends. I would like to especially recognize his wife, Kassy, for her selfless service in the days, weeks, and months following the loss of Gregory. Less than a week—actually, even during the funeral service—after her husband was killed, the community was devastated by a 1,000year rain, which caused widespread flooding. Days after Gregory’s funeral, Kassy volunteered at the Harvest Hope Food Bank. She also started Heroes in Blue, an organization dedicated to sharing and caring and providing courageous stories of police officers in South Carolina and across the country. She founded Gregory Alia Day on December 14, the date of what would have been their fourth anniversary. Hundreds of community members and local businesses honored his memory by providing hot meals to 13 police stations in the Midlands of South Carolina. Nearly a month after Gregory Alia was provided final honors at St. Joseph’s Church, our community faced another tragedy when Officer Stacy Case lost her life in the line of duty. Stacy, an Iraq war veteran, served the Army for 15 years, earning several commendations, including the National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Award, the Army Commendation Medal, and the Army Achievement Medal. Originally from Michigan, Stacy joined the City of Columbia Police Department in 2011. She worked one of the most difficult beats of the department and regularly sought opportunities for professional development. Stacy was killed in an automobile accident when responding to a shotsfired call on November 7, 2015. A highly respected member of the Columbia Police Department, her legacy will continue to live on. Indeed, last month the City of Columbia Police Department commissioned a new K–9 officer named Case in Stacy’s memory. It is just one of the many tributes to her honor. As we mark National Police Week, I remember those that we have lost and stand in support of the men and women who risk their lives every day to protect us. God bless and protect our law enforcement and their devoted families. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. WILSON for his support and for being here tonight to help us highlight law enforcement Police Week and remember those who have died in the line of duty and those continuing to serve. Mr. Speaker, I would now like to introduce Mr. GOWDY from South Carolina, who also has a career in law enforcement and has continued that effort here to do the right thing and protect the American people here in Congress. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. GOWDY ). Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff Reichert for his service to the country and to the great State of Washington. I want to thank Judge POE, Sheriff Nugent, and my friend and colleague from South Carolina, JOE WILSON , who is the father of a prosecutor. Mr. Speaker, Allen Jacobs was going to be a father again, but this time was going to be a little bit different. He was already the father of two precious little boys, but he was going to be the father of a little girl. His wife, Meghan, and he were expecting a child this July. Life had prepared Officer Jacobs very well to be a father. He was an outstanding student, an athlete in Greenville, South Carolina. He put that athleticism and intelligence to work for our country in the United States Army. He was deployed to Iraq, Mr. Speaker, for 15 months and even volunteered to live in the neighborhoods of Baghdad because he understood that all people want to live in a peaceful, secure environment. After Iraq, he was deployed to Haiti because he wanted to help the Haitian people in the aftermath of their tragic earthquake. Well, Mr. Speaker, the tug of fatherhood is strong. So Allen decided to return to the Upstate of South Carolina, 
but his desire to protect and serve others and to provide peace and security to others never dissipated. So he left the uniform of the United States Army and put on the uniform of the Greenville City Police Department. He pursued that calling with the same vigor and the same strength and the same professionalism that epitomized every other facet of his life, whether it was service on the SWAT team or the Cops on the Court, as a patrol officer for schools or a gang resistance team. Mr. Speaker, Allen Jacobs would stop his patrol car from time to time to shoot basketball with young men in the inner city of Greenville who did not have the father figure that he was to his boys and that he would be to his daughter. b1800 Now, Mr. Speaker, I learned all of this from Allen’s mother in a telephone call we had 2 days before his funeral. This strong man who survived Iraq and Haiti and boot camp and police officer training couldn’t survive an encounter with a teenage gang member who had just been released from jail. He never even had a chance to unholster his weapon, Mr. Speaker. He was just trying to protect, serve, enforce the law, and he was ambushed. His funeral gave all of us an opportunity to reflect not only on his life, but on the lives of all the other folks in the upstate of South Carolina who died in the line of duty, whether it be Russ Sorrow or Kevin Carper or Eric Nicholson or Marcus Whitfield or Greg Alia, who was killed in the line of duty, as my friend from Columbia made note of. His wife is here and his parents are here and his aunt is here. They have a little boy who is less than 1 year old. I want to say this in conclusion, Mr. Speaker. I want to thank all the women and men in uniform who are willing to do what most of us are not willing to do, and interact with people that most of us are not willing to interact with, and miss things in life that most of us are not willing to miss. But I especially want to send a message, Mr. Speaker, to Allen Jacobs’ two sons and his daughter on the way and Greg Alia’s son. Their fathers lived a life of service and sacrifice and significance, and they left the greatest legacy that you can ever leave children, which is a good name to be proud of. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GOWDY . I was going to try to get some courage up to tell one of my stories about my partner who was killed in 1982, but I think I am going to wait and gain my composure. I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ), who has led one of these Special Orders in the past in honor of police officers and is another staunch supporter of law enforcement across this great Nation. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sheriff. I want to associate myself—I know we all do—with our colleague Mr. GOWDY ’s remarks. This is personal for so many. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Pinellas County, Florida, the people in the State of Florida, who, if they were here in this Chamber tonight, would also want to associate themselves with the gratitude that fills this well, gratitude to law enforcement officers who each day do risk their lives. They risk their own security, they risk the stability of their family, and at times they risk the security of their children, knowing the risk that is on the line every day. Mr. Speaker, the risk is very real. It is very audible. We know—it has been talked about tonight—that, on average, we lose a law enforcement officer once every 3 days in the line of duty. As Sheriff Reichert very rightfully pointed out, we also know the prevalence of assaults and injuries. By some accounts, more than one assault every single hour of every single day, 365 days of every single year. The risk is real. We all have an opportunity, a privilege, to hold the public trust. When we sit in this Chamber, we represent fine men and women who wear the uniform. We represent multiple police departments, sheriff’s departments, other law enforcement agencies. One of the great departments I have gotten the opportunity to work with since being a Member is the Clearwater Police Department—men and women of impeccable character, impeccable bravery, but also impeccable sacrifice, a department that dons the number 4 on their shirts to remember four law enforcement officers from their department who paid the ultimate sacrifice: Patrolmen Harry Conyers, Ronald Mahony, John Passer, and Peter Price. So what can this body do in addition to paying tribute, on behalf of the people we represent, to those who serve in blue, our men and women in law enforcement? We can do what we are doing tonight, but we need to do it every single year. What we need in this town are Members of Congress and elected officials who stand with law enforcement. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, I am sick and tired of people in this town who refuse to stand with law enforcement, who take cheap shots questioning the integrity of men and women who put their valor on the line, on display every single day. You want to make America safer? You want to solve civil unrest throughout the country? Let’s stand with law enforcement. Let’s say: Just as you have our back, we have yours. The way to solve so many of these issues that we have seen on display on television in the last 2 years is to dispense with the rhetoric, dispense with the vitriol, dispense with the lies and the rumors and say: You know what? As a body, this Congress, this government is going to stand with our law enforcement officers each and every day. There are two simple measures that I have introduced, and I am joined by colleagues, each who have other measures as well. There are a lot of good measures out there. One we will be highlighting tomorrow in a national press conference is called the Thin Blue Line Act. It provides for enhanced penalties for anyone who assaults or takes the life of a police officer. We currently provide those additional protections for someone who attacks a child, an elderly person, a disabled person. I think we should take that model code and apply it to law enforcement officers as well and very simply say to somebody: If you take the life of a law enforcement officer, be prepared to lose your own. Another piece of legislation I think we should move on is something that addresses some of the questions about the 1033 program to provide surplus equipment. This President has launched a war on local law enforcement by restricting the availability of equipment and technology for local law enforcement agencies. Why don’t we trust the leadership and the judgment of our local law enforcement leaders, our chiefs, and our sheriffs to determine what equipment is necessary for their force? I have legislation that would leave 1033 perfectly in place but simply require the local law enforcement agency to certify that they have personnel trained and capable of operating that equipment. It is the right way to stand with law enforcement and say we are going to make sure you have the tools and technology you need. The risk is very real; the politics, at times, are absolutely disgusting. We may never be able to replace the loss of families whose fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters were lost in the line of duty; we may never be able to heal the wounds; but we can honor our law enforcement officers every day. It is what this body is attempting to do tonight. It is the commitment of my colleagues I stand here with to let law enforcement officers around the country know that, just as you have got our back, we have got yours. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. JOLLY for his comments and his strong support of law enforcement over the years. I especially appreciate his comments regarding the partnership between police and community. The police cannot protect our families and our neighborhoods and our communities alone. The communities can’t do it alone. There has to be a partnership there, Mr. Speaker, and that partnership has to be based on trust. So together, as a nation, in our communities across this great country, we have got to come together, police and communities, for the good of our children and the protection of our neighborhoods and the safety of our country. I think we can accomplish that with dialogue and especially going back to the good old days of community policing and actually visiting and talking with members of the community, as 
Mr. G OWDY pointed out, a police officer who stopped in his neighborhood, got out of his car and played basketball with the young men and women on the street. I can remember those days myself. I got hurt in a basketball game with some kids on the street, but that is another story. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. REICHERT —Congressman, colleague, and sheriff—for this opportunity to support National Police Week and, more importantly, to thank him for his long career in law enforcement and his service. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I had the opportunity to meet with the families of fallen Kentucky State Troopers Eric Chrisman and Blake Tribby. Tomorrow I will meet with the families of fallen Nicholasville, Kentucky, Police Officer Burke Rhoads and fallen Richmond Police Officer Daniel Ellis. Each of these men died while doing his job, to defend our communities and to keep our families safe. These families have been deprived of a loved one, endured tremendous pain, and made enormous sacrifices so that all of us can live with greater peace of mind. At a time when some are using the bad actions of a few to attack the dignity of the entire law enforcement profession, let the sacrifices of these men and their families remind us that uniformed officers are putting their lives on the line for our benefit every single day. We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to all law enforcement officers throughout this country, and especially to those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. My wife, Carol, and I had the privilege and the honor of attending the memorial service for fallen Richmond, Kentucky, Police Officer Daniel Ellis just a few months ago. The memorial service in the Eastern Kentucky University Alumni Coliseum was packed full of family and friends and colleagues on the Richmond police force. But even more impressive, brothers in blue from all over Kentucky and all over the country were packed in that coliseum to pay tribute to this hero to our community. Richmond Police Chief Larry Brock, who was eulogizing his colleague, addressed the crowd, and speaking of Ellis’ valor and his kindness, he also expressed the heartbreak felt by all of Ellis’ colleagues in blue. This is what he said: ‘‘‘As we left the hospital to escort Daniel to Frankfort for the required medical exam, the skies opened up and it poured rain. It was as if the angels themselves were crying at the loss of this special young man,’ said Brock, his voice breaking.’’ I would like to join all of my colleagues in welcoming the tens of thousands of people who have come across the country to our Nation’s Capital in support of National Police Week. I especially want to thank Katie, the widow of Officer Ellis, and Officer Ellis’ 3yearold son, Luke. In the words of the Gospel, John 15:13: ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ Mr. Speaker, I again thank Congressman REICHERT for hosting this important Special Order to recognize the contributions and the sacrifices of police officers from across the country. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. BARR for his comments and his support. I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff Reichert and others who have so eloquently spoken and recognize the importance of this week. Police Week gives us the opportunity to honor and thank those law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line to protect us. The men and women who work in law enforcement know the definition of sacrifice. They know the look on their spouse’s face when they leave for the swing shift. They know the loneliness of a patrol car on a snowy night. They know how many times they have looked at that picture of their family on the dashboard, and they know what it is like to lose one of their own. In Colorado, we have already lost three officers this year: Deputy Sheriff Travis Russell, Corporal Nate Carrigan, and Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer. But speaking their names on the House floor won’t bring them back for dinner tonight or put them in their patrol car or seat them in the bleachers of their son’s baseball game on Saturday. We must honor those who have fallen, but our honor must engender resolve; otherwise, we are forgetting too quickly the sacrifices we meant to remember. This is why I have introduced the Blue Lives Matter Act. The despicable criminals who would assault or kill an officer simply because of that officer’s status as a member of law enforcement deserve an enhanced sentence and a prosecution and investigation from every possible agency that we can bring resources from. This legislation ensures that these criminals see justice. Everywhere I go in Colorado, I run into officers who thank me for introducing this bill, and I appreciate that, but I don’t deserve their thanks. Protecting police officers isn’t something we do because we have some extra time or because we feel especially patriotic. Congress has a duty to protect those who protect us. b1815 Mr. REICHERT. I thank the gentleman for his support and taking time to honor those fallen in the State of Colorado. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ALLEN ). The gentleman has 19 minutes remaining. Mr. REICHERT. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlemen and sheriff, and I would also like to thank President John F. Kennedy for his proclamation recognizing our peace officers. I want to say that I am grateful that the gentleman has chosen to come to the floor and have this Special Order honoring those who are willing to make the ultimate sacrifice. I have heard persons talk about the virtues of peace officers. I don’t have to have it explained to me because I have a personal experience that I can relate to. My uncle was a deputy sheriff. My uncle was a peace officer. He was well respected in his community. I adored him. My uncle and I were together in his patrol car, and I was asking a lot of questions. His comment to another person with us was: This boy is asking a lot of questions. He is going to be a lawyer because he is asking so many questions. I did not know what a lawyer was, but I knew that, if my uncle, who was a deputy sheriff, said I was going to be a lawyer, then a lawyer I would be. From that day forward, I had one mission in life when it came to my education and my career. That was to be a lawyer because my uncle, the deputy sheriff, the peace officer, proclaimed it as such. So I am honored tonight to pay tribute to him. His name was Dallas Yates. He served in Florida in a small town called Gifford, near Vero Beach. He lived into his nineties, became a minister, and passed away just recently. It was not in the line of duty, but it meant something to me to know that he lived and made a difference in the lives of others. With reference to the phrase itself, this terminology, ‘‘in the line of duty,’’ it takes on new meaning if you go to the homegoing ceremony of a peace officer. It will take on a new meaning. When you see that riderless horse with the boots in the stirrups, it takes on a new meaning. When you see the family grieving, it takes on a new meaning. When you understand this is a person who was willing to sacrifice so that others might have life, it takes on a new meaning. So I am honored to be here tonight, and I want people to know that there are many of us who believe that we have to support our law enforcement officers and stand with them and recognize that ‘‘in the line of duty’’ means more than going to work. It sometimes means not coming home. Mr. REICHERT. I thank Mr. GREEN  for his support. I think your uncle gave you great advice. Mr. Speaker, as I stood here tonight and listened to all the other presenters, I came to the realization that there were a lot of people here that might be a lot more articulate about what it means to be a police officer. Even though I have served for 33 years, I found that a lot of words here touched me tonight because it brings back memories of good friends. 
I want to tell a brief story related to some topics that were discussed earlier tonight about the opioid epidemic here. Yes, we are concerned about the people who are addicted. We are concerned— and rightly so—about the families who are trying to deal with that addiction and the danger that it presents to the person addicted, the danger it presents to the family, the tragedy it presents to that family and the addicted individual and the community in the entirety. But sometimes we forget to include the police officer in that group of people that is endangered by this epidemic that has ripped our Nation. They are the first people there. They are the first ones called to a scene where someone might be acting up as a result of being addicted to heroin or some other drug. I can remember a night. I just want to share this short story so that, Mr. Speaker, you can understand this is something that happens to police officers across this country every day of the year. I was with a team of officers who were assigned to serve a drug search warrant on an apartment. We were all assigned a room to go to. I kicked in the door and I went to the right to a small bathroom. When I entered that door and went into the bathroom, there was a young man in the bathroom with a rubber band around his arm and a needle injected in his arm. His eyes were glazed over. He was standing by the toilet. He saw me come in with my badge over my heart and my gun in my hand. I said: Raise your hands above your head and drop to your knees. He raised his hands, but he didn’t go to his knees. He stood there and stared at me for a short time. Eventually, his right hand moved to the right behind a half wall and came out with a gun. At that moment, I had to make a decision. Every police officer across this Nation has to make a splitsecond decision: Do I shoot? Is my life in danger? Am I going home to my family? Am I not going home to my family? Is this the time? Those things go through your mind in a millisecond. In the snap of a finger, you have to make a decision. Something told me I could talk to this young man. And so I continued to talk, and he finally leaned back and dropped the gun in the toilet, fell to his knees, and we handcuffed him and took him to jail. I share that story to just emphasize the fact that police officers are going through these dangerous situations every day, having to make those decisions. And then, Mr. Speaker, every day after that they secondguess themselves, if they had decided to pull the trigger, and then the community will continue to secondguess. And, yes, we need to be questioned. And, yes, we need to be held accountable. And, yes, we need to be trained. All of those things are true. But it is so easy to Mondaymorningquarterback. I had a partner that was killed in 1982. We were tracking down a murder suspect. In the process of that, my partner was ambushed and shot in the chest and killed. He had five sons. They are all grown men now. They grew up without their father. In 1984, another friend and partner was stabbed and killed with a World War II sword. His name was Michael Rayburn. My partner’s name was Sam Hicks. But just a few years before that, Mike Rayburn saved my life. I was directing traffic in the middle of the night, at 2 o’clock in the morning, on Pacific Highway just south of Seattle. It was a pretty major accident. I had my back turned to the ditch behind me. Deputy Rayburn drove up. Just at the moment he drove up, somebody jumped out of the ditch. He had a knife in his hand and was running across the lanes of traffic to bury that knife in my back. Mike Rayburn was there just in the nick of time and tackled that man who was about to stab me. Two years later, Mike Rayburn was dead. His kids grew up without their father. I am here tonight to honor them. I am here tonight to honor every police officer in this country. I am here tonight, Mr. Speaker, to ask people across the Nation to say thank you to the police officers that protect their community, protect their children, and protect their homes each and every day. I will be there on Sunday at the memorial in front of the Capitol and be with those families. I have held the widows in my arms, as the sheriff. I have held the children and cried. I will be doing that again on Sunday. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
TAX DAY FLOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am honored tonight to stand here in the U.S. House of Representatives to call to the attention of my colleagues, my friends, H.R. 5025, a bill that will bring some relief to much suffering in the Houston area in the State of Texas. But before I get into the bill itself, I think it appropriate to thank some people for what they have done to help us get to this point. I thank my colleague who will be speaking in just a moment, the Honorable GENE GREEN , who serves in the 29th District, which is adjacent to the district that I serve. I want to thank my friend GENE GREEN because he is the original cosponsor of this legislation. He was there to help shape it, and it means something to know that you have a friend that you can work with to this extent. I want to thank my friend Congressman JOHNCULBERSON . He is the first to make this legislation bipartisan. This is not a partisan issue. Flooding is not a partisan issue. The homes that are damaged, the lives that are lost, none of this is partisan. I am grateful to Congressman CULBERSON for signing onto this bill. I would like to thank the 60plus cosponsors of this legislation who have said that they want to see what has been authorized materialized, such that, in Houston, Texas, we cannot only eliminate a lot of flooding—and we will. We can’t eliminate all of it, but we can mitigate that which we cannot eliminate. I thank Chairman MCCAUL of the Homeland Security Committee. He published the letter for us, the members of the delegation, to sign and send to the President of the United States, asking that Texas have certain areas within the State declared disaster areas because of the horrific flooding that took place on what we call Tax Day. I thank the leadership for allowing us to have this team on the floor tonight on both sides. The leadership makes these things possible, and I am grateful to all leadership for doing this. Finally, I want to thank President Barack Obama because he did, Mr. Speaker, declare certain areas in Texas disaster areas so that we might receive the help of FEMA and funds to help people recover and to restore their lives and continue with their lives. So tonight I will say more about some of these things mentioned, but now I am asking to ask the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ), my colleague, who is the lead cosponsor of this, to have his commentary. Because his district has suffered greatly not just this time, but in the past, from these floods. I will not go into it. I will leave all to be said about it to him. But I think it appropriate that I acknowledge his great work in the Congress of the United States of America not only on this issue, but on many other issues impacting people within his district and across the length and breadth of this great country. b1830 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and neighbor and friend for setting this Special Order tonight for what we call the tax day floods in Houston and Harris County, Texas. Our district was hit by flooding, but not near as much as in Congressman ALGREEN ’s, because I was in his district that week, and also in the neighboring districts, Congressman CULBER SON, Congresswoman L EEand Congressman MCCAUL, and Congressman B RADY . But I was just looking at a memo. In our district, we have Hunting Bayou, which is part of the legislation, that was overflowed; and the people who live in that area, along Interstate 10 East, they cleaned out their homes, the Sheetrock and everything else, and it is literally a tragedy. 
On April 18, the city of Houston and Harris County, Texas, was subjected to paralyzing flooding which claimed the lives of 9 of our citizens and required the rescue of at least 1,200 others. Approximately 2,000 housing units were flooded, and we are currently working to figure out where to house the folks who cannot return to their homes. This is the second major flooding disaster Houston has experienced in the last 6 months. The city is expecting additional rain, even this weekend, tomorrow and Saturday. Residents of our congressional district, as well as other Members’ districts, have been severely affected, and we must do everything we can to stop the needless loss of life. The President has recognized the significance of the catastrophe and fulfilled a request for a disaster declaration. Now it is the job of Congress to help our constituents. That is why I have worked closely with my neighbor and friend and colleague, Representative ALGREEN , to introduce the Tax Day Floods Supplemental Funding Act, H.R. 5025. The legislation would provide $311 million to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the construction and, in most cases, completion of our bayou and flood projects in the Houston and Harris County, Texas, area. Flooding is not new to Houston, but we have learned how to control it. Our bayou system has saved countless lives and millions of dollars in damage since the creation of them. Unfortunately, due to the consistent budget pressure, the Army Corps of Engineers cannot adequately fund these projects. This bill would ensure that our Federal, State, and local authorities have the resources necessary to expedite these flood control projects we know protect people and property. My colleagues and I have requested the Director of FEMA and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to tour our districts and see the damage firsthand, and I renew that request again today. The support in the community is overwhelming. The Greater Houston Partnership, our chamber of commerce, supports this legislation, and they estimate that the total lost is about $1.9 billion. It is also supported by our local—in Harris County we created a flood control district that partners with the Corps of Engineers. Our Harris County Flood Control District also supports this legislation. Additionally, I want to make sure that the folks on the ground have the information they need to get back in their homes. FEMA has opened disaster centers in our community, but if you are not near one of those centers, you can apply to FEMA by phone. Call 1–800–621–3362. That is 1–800–621–FEMA. 1–800–621–3362. FEMA can offer two types of assistance: housing assistance, temporary housing, money to help repair or replace your primary residence. Nonhousing needs include medical, dental, funeral costs, clothing, household items, tools, home fuel, disaster related moving and storage, replacement of a disasterdamaged vehicle. After 24 hours, FEMA will follow up with you. It is important in our district to know that, if your Spanishspeaking households have children that are U.S. citizens or legal residents, FEMA can help you if there is a legal resident or a citizen living in that home. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we help victims in our neighborhoods so we can get back on top and help them. I urge our body, this House, to pass the emergency funding legislation and do so as quickly as we can. Again, I want to thank my colleague and friend. I was impressed that day when we were in his district, in Westbury, at the flooding and the outpouring of people. I have seen it in my district where people will literally move everything from their house; they have to throw it away. It is out on the curb. The city of Houston is cleaning it up as fast as they can, but we need to get these people back into their homes. But this bill that we have will make sure their homes are not flooded again because, that way, we don’t need to have these repetitive floods like we have had in the last few years. Again, I want to thank my colleague for this Special Order tonight but, more importantly, I want to thank him for his leadership on this piece of legislation. I am proud to be his cosponsor. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I thank the gentleman very much. I greatly appreciate all that he has done to help us, especially coming into my district, and being there with the mayor, if you recall, who was there. We had a county commissioner in attendance, County Commissioner Gene Locke, Mayor Sylvester Turner, and persons from that neighborhood. This was not your district, but the people were people that the gentleman cared about, and they are grateful, as am I, for the gentleman’s coming in and visiting with us. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. If the gentleman will yield to me; we also had the press conference, and everybody was confused. We also have the gentleman’s city council member, Larry Green. So they had Congressman AL GREEN , Congressman Eugene Green, and City Councilman Larry Green. They can call all of us and we will help them. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Absolutely. In Houston, Green is a good name if you want to become a member of the political order. Again, I thank my colleague. Let me elaborate for just a moment on the letter from the Greater Houston Partnership because a good many people are not aware that this is another way for us to say chamber of commerce in Texas. We have gone beyond a simple chamber of commerce. We call ours a partnership because it is an effort among the many to make sure that commerce excels, but also to make sure that people have great opportunities. Houston is a city of opportunity, and I want to thank the Greater Houston Partnership for the letter that has been sent to us supporting H.R. 5025. But now let’s be a little bit more specific. I want to thank Mr. Jamey Rootes. He is the chairperson of the Greater Houston Partnership. He and I have been talking, and he has been working with me and with my colleagues to try to make sure that we have an opportunity to get our message out to the masses. He has done what he can to help us with this messaging, a message that includes the position of the Greater Houston Partnership, I must add. Also, Mr. Bob Harvey, who is the president and CEO of the Greater Houston Partnership. We made a call to them one morning, asking if they could get a letter to us indicating their support, and that afternoon we had the letter in hand, the letter that I hold in my hand currently. And that letter is, without question, a solid indication of support for this project. The last paragraph of it reads: ‘‘We want to make sure that we do all that we can to help you and your staff as you consider every potential opportunity for Federal support. Please do not hesitate to call.’’ And they give names and numbers. They are committed to doing what they can to not only help with this legislation, but to help people in their recoveries, and to prevent this from happening again. The Harris County Flood Control District, Mr. Michael Talbott, sent the letter, the executive director. And in his letter, he speaks of how this can benefit the Houston area to the amount of about $2.4 billion. He goes on to talk about the jobs that can be created—6,220 created if we can get this legislation done, if we can get this money into Houston. I must add this: this money is money that we will get eventually into Houston. This is not money that we won’t ever get. These projects have been authorized. They are already in progress. It is just that we are getting the money in a piecemeal fashion, and we need a wholesale representation of this emolument for Houston, such that we can get on with these projects, such that we can prevent future damages, such that we can save lives. What we cannot eliminate, we can mitigate in terms of damages. So I am honored that the Corps of Engineers has these projects that they are working on, and I am especially honored that the Harris County Flood Control District has let us know that they are absolutely in support of what we are trying to accomplish with H.R. 5025. 
Now, having said all of these things and making it clear that this is money that has to be matched, that this is money that we will eventually acquire, I think it’s appropriate for me to say this: This is about more than money. It is about more than things, inanimate objects. This is about more than homes and personal property, cars, and all of the things that we call creature comforts. It is about more than these things. It is about people. This legislation really is about human beings. It is about human beings who are in a recovery phase right now, many of them recovering from the tax day flood, some still recovering from the Memorial Day flood which took place last Memorial Day. Mr. Speaker, it is about these people, but not only these people, it is about people who lost their lives in this flood. My colleague mentioned that there were nine—nine persons, that we know of, lost their lives. And wouldn’t it be a shame to remember the flood, remember the damages that were imposed upon the homes, and the cars, and the furniture, remember the damages, but not remember the people who lost their lives? So tonight I want to take just a moment on behalf of my colleague and many others in this House and just recognize, memorialize the lives that were lost in this horrific flood, a tragedy that, quite frankly, could have been mitigated if we had all of these projects to completion. Let’s just remember these persons and not forget them. So with a degree of solemnity, I would like to just call their names and say a little bit about each of the nine. The first, German Antonio Franco. He was 66 years of age, Mr. Speaker. He was a retired HEB produce manager. HEB is one of our food stores. He also worked as a parttime contract limousine driver. This was a man who had children—three children and four grandchildren. The circumstances of his death are that he died after an encounter with high water, something we will see consistently as I go through this. But he lost his life in Houston, Texas, in a flood. I would like to mention Ms. Claudia, last name is Melgar. Claudia Melgar. She lost her life, 25 years of age. She was a college student. She died in an encounter with high water. Now, there are those who would say that you can avoid an encounter with high water. I believe that in many circumstances you can, but in Houston, Texas, we have what are known as flash floods, floods that occur in a flash, and there are many times when you can be caught in a circumstance such that you cannot extricate yourself. Because of this, the waters will envelop you and you will find yourself in a position such that you cannot even leave the car that you are in because of the way the electronics can malfunction. And if you don’t have some device, some tool to break windows, to move yourself through some passageway other than that door, you will find yourself in harm’s way and you can lose your life. b1845 This has happened to many people. It happened to Claudia. I would also like to mention Pedro Rascon Morales, 61 years of age. He was a big rig driver, a father, and a grandfather. He died in the cab of his 18 wheeler while trapped in a flooded roadway in Houston, Texas. All of these persons are in and around the Houston area. They all lost their lives in water due to flooding with the tax day floods as we call them. These are lives that we can never forget. I think that we should remember the damages that were caused to property and the destruction, but we shouldn’t forget the lives that were lost because there are families that are grieving to this day because they lost people that they loved. These were the daughters and sons of somebody, and we should never forget that they lived and that they lost their lives, some, I might add, in a needless circumstance—this is my opinion—because of our not fulfilling our obligation to fund what has been authorized. Next, we have Charles Edward Odum, 56 years of age, seventh grade social studies teacher, married, with two children. Circumstances of his death: died after encountering high water. Then there was Teri White Rodriguez, 41 years of age, a wife and mother of three. Circumstances of death: died in her vehicle after an encounter with high water, an encounter with high water in Houston, Texas. It was an unfortunate circumstance, and we should not forget that lives were lost. I know it is going to be easy for many of us to go on with our lives. This will be put behind us. We have a moment when we focus on these things, but life is such that there are so many other things that we encounter that our focus is lost or that we focus on something else. That is important, so I don’t begrudge anybody who has to focus on other things. I just believe that I have a duty, an obligation, and a responsibility to make sure that we don’t forget these lives that were lost. There will be others, but we don’t want to forget these. There have been others, but we won’t forget these. We won’t forget Sunita Singh, 49, an electrical engineer, a wife and a mother of two children, drowned in her car after an encounter with high water. Let’s not forget Suresh Kumar Talluri, 49, a husband and father of two young children ages 6 and 8, drowned in his car after he was trapped by high water. We shouldn’t forget and we should commemorate the life of Dharamendra Uppal. This is an unfortunate circumstance wherein we have the age of the person undisclosed, the circumstances of the death undisclosed in the sense that we don’t know personal information about this person who lost his life, or her. I am assuming that from the name it was a female, but this person died and was found deceased in his car, a male, deceased in his car which appears to have been submerged. He was a male. The name is important. The identity is not known completely because we don’t know the age and we don’t have personal information. Then there is a woman with an undisclosed name, with no personal information available to us at this time who drowned after an encounter with high water. All of these unfortunate circumstances involved people. I want to make sure tonight that while we will talk about the billions of dollars in damages—and there were billions of dollars in damages, billions of dollars. It is estimated that it is as high as $8 billion in damages when you combine the Memorial Day flood with the tax day flood, as much as $8 billion. That $8 billion, by the way, is 25 times the $311 million that we might use to take preventive action. This money will not go to help people get new homes. This money won’t go to help people get personal items that have been destroyed. All of this money will go to projects that have been authorized, projects that, if completed, can possibly prevent the loss of future lives and projects that, if they had been completed, may have prevented the loss of some of these lives. So I take it as my personal responsibility to call this to the attention of this House and to ask my colleagues to please consider H.R. 5025. The President has declared the area that I am speaking of as a disaster area. FEMA is there. This is an opportunity for us to act. We have done it before, and we should do it now. I want to assure my colleagues that, when there is a disaster of this magnitude, you can count on our good offices being with you to help you through your time of need. We understand that we should be there for people. This is what we have done in the past, whether it was Sandy, hurricanes, or whether it was tornadic activities. Whether it is fires or hurricanes along the Gulf Coast, we want to be there for our people. This is our country, and a country is more than bricks, buildings, skyscrapers, and military. It is people who live ordinary lives, who expect that they would have the opportunity to fulfill their dreams, to go to work and come home safely and not find themselves in harm’s way by virtue of waters that are not expected, floodwaters that can come in a flash and take them away. So, Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues who have signed on to this piece of legislation. I want to again thank the President of the United States, the Honorable Barack Obama, 
for making his desires known by declaring certain areas in Texas a disaster area. I thank the Governor of the State, by the way, Mr. Speaker, because he acted quickly, swiftly, and promptly to make the request of the President. I have mentioned Mr. MCCAUL. I thank the gentleman again for his actions in circulating the letter so that all of the members of the Texas delegation could be on it requesting that certain areas in Texas receive this attention from the President. Finally, I know that these are difficult times for us across the Nation and across the world. There are many things that are happening that are challenging for us. But among these things, let us not forget that there were people who lost their lives in Houston, Texas, and let us not forget that these floods occur with a degree of regularity such that it is predictable that it will happen again. We can prognosticate now that this will happen again. If it does, I will find myself back here as a reminder that there are things that we could have done, should have done, and hopefully will do to eliminate much of the flooding and mitigate that which we cannot eliminate. I am grateful. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4328. An act to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities. H.R. 4336. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inurnment in Arlington National Cemetery of the cremated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service. SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 32. An act to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes. S. 125. An act to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. S. 2755. An act to provide Capitolflown flags to the immediate family of firefighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, May 13, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOYCE MEYER, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 29 AND APR. 7, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. MS. JOYCE MEYER, Apr. 21, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO IRELAND, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 23 AND MAR. 28, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. PETER T. KING, Apr. 27, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1  AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Apr. 8, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016— Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * MILAIR broke down. ** Roundtrip to USA. HON. JOHN KLINE, Chairman, Apr. 19, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. FRED UPTON, Chairman, Apr. 21, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JA N. 1 AND MAR. 1, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JA N. 1 AND MAR. 1, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JA N. 1 AND MAR. 1, 2016— Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Indicates Delegation Costs HON. EDWARD. R. ROYCE, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL, Chairman, Apr. 28, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CANDICE S. MILLER, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN.  1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
(AMENDMENT) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESEN TATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Apr. 28, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JEFF MILLER, Chairman, Apr. 26, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, May 2, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BEN GHAZI, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Apr. 20, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed Services. Supplemental report on H.R. 4909. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–537, Pt. 2). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 725. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use (Rept. 114–564). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FORBES (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. SENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 5203. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for new procedures pertaining to the processing of petitions and applications for immigrant or nonimmigrant visas or for immigration benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Ms. PINGREE ): H.R. 5204. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5205. A bill to require ingredient labeling of certain consumer cleaning products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Ms. KUSTER ): H.R. 5206. A bill to redesignate the Saint Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘SaintGaudens National Park for the Arts’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. HONDA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. HINOJOSA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. WELCH , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R USH, Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. TAKAI, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. MCDERMOTT , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. HOYER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. LEE, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. HECKof Washington, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. F ARR, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. POCAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. K IND, Mr. H IMES, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. K APTUR , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. MATSUI , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. F ATTAH , Mrs. TORRES , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. MENG, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mrs. CAPPS , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEYof New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. RICHMOND , and Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD ): H.R. 5207. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an alien may not be denied admission to the United States because of the alien’s religion, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. SHERMAN ): H.R. 5208. A bill to require a report on the designation of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself, Mr. RUSH, and Mr. W ESTERMAN ): H.R. 5209. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to provide for the payment to affected producers and their employees of duties that are collected pursuant to countervailing and antidumping duty orders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mrs. M CMORRISRODGERS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OLLINS  of New York, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. F LORES, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania, Mr. TIPTON , Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. JOYCE , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B LUM, Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. L ONG, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. RENACCI , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. NOEM, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. BLACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. MULLIN , Mr. P OMPEO , 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ and Article I, Section 7, which states ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5205. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GUINTA: H.R. 5206. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 5207. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5208. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 5209. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect duties and to regulate Commerce with foreign nations. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 5210. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Consistent with the understanding and interpretation of the Commerce Clause, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation in accordance with Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 5211. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5212. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §8, cl. 3.: ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 5213. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of commerce among the several states). By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5214. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 2 Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 5215. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, to regulate the commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 5216. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. COSTA: H.R. 5217. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. DESANTIS: H.R. 5218. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Consitution, Specifically Clause l (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 5219. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 5220. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5221. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5222. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States pertaining to the regulation of commerce with foreign nations. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 38: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 40: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 155: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 191: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 243: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 250: Mr. WESTMORELAND , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . H.R. 266: Mr. HARRIS , Mr. G RAVES of Geor gia, and Mr. WESTMORELAND . H.R. 402: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 448: Mrs. BUSTOS , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. VELA, and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 563: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 649: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 664: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 670: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 711: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania and Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 759: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 781: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 836: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 842: Mr. MCHENRY . H.R. 865: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 986: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California and Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1221: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 1301: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 1519: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1530: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 1603: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. H.R. 1688: Mr. CRAMER and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1713: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 1718: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 1779: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 1865: Ms. LEE, Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 1984: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 2044: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2058: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 2059: Mr. HILL. H.R. 2142: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2170: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2218: Mr. TIPTON and Mr. G IBSON . H.R. 2274: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2285: Mr. PITTENGER and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2290: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia and Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2481: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 2759: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 2874: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2903: Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 3084: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3094: Mr. FARENTHOLD and Mr. H INOJOSA. H.R. 3119: Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. O LSON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. R ANGEL, and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3142: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3193: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3351: Ms. BASS, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3365: Ms. HAHNand Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3377: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 3486: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3523: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 3546: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3684: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3799: Mr. WALBERG and Mr. S AMJOHNSONof Texas. H.R. 3817: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 3870: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3880: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 3892: Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. YODER , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor gia. H.R. 4055: Mr. HONDA , Ms. W ILSON of Flor ida, and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 4062: Mr. TIPTON , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4073: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4177: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 4183: Mr. JOYCE and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 4212: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4229: Mr. POLIQUIN and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 4262: Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 4298: Mr. HILL. H.R. 4365: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana and Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 4460: Mr. BEYER and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4474: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 4479: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. NEAL, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S IRES, Mr. VELA, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. PASCRELL , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. E STY, Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. FARR, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. COSTA , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. L IPINSKI. H.R. 4499: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 4554: Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 4585: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. LOEBSACK , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. R OYBALALLARD , and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 4592: Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. ENGEL , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ERA, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 4625: Mr. CLAY, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali fornia, and Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 4632: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 4640: Mr. PETERS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 4662: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 4695: Ms. CASTOR of Florida and Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 4701: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4715: Mr. WALZ, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. ROYCE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. BRIDENSTINE . H.R. 4717: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 4729: Mr. COLE. H.R. 4764: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 4768: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. HURD of Texas, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. R IGELL . H.R. 4773: Mr. JORDAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. F LORES, Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4775: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 4792: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 4794: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 4795: Mr. MASSIE , Mr. K ELLY of Penn sylvania, Mr. WITTMAN , and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 4798: Ms. DUCKWORTH and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 4816: Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 4819: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 4828: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 4848: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 4864: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. H.R. 4892: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4893: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4925: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 4933: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 4938: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. R OONEY of Flor ida, Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 4959: Mr. CARNEY and Mr. B ENISHEK . H.R. 4960: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 4979: Mr. LONGand Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4994: Mr. WOODALL . H.R. 5001: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 5053: Mr. COOK, Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 5073: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5075: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 5079: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5091: Mr. BRIDENSTINE . H.R. 5123: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5130: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 5147: Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. DUCKWORTH , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 5148: Mr. GRAYSON and Mr. S WALWELL  of California. H.R. 5165: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 5166: Mr. OLSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. DESJARLAIS , and Mr. J ONES . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.J. Res. 93: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. KILDEE . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. MARCHANT . H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. CHABOT , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, and Mr. H ONDA . H. Res. 14: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H. Res. 220: Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. CAPUANO . H. Res. 647: Mrs. BEATTY . H. Res. 650: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. GARAMENDI , and Mr. M ARINO . H. Res. 660: Mr. SIRES and Mr. Y OHO. H. Res. 683: Mr. KILDEE . H. Res. 684: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. HAHN, Mr. C ONYERS , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 686: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. HUFFMAN , and Ms. E DWARDS . H. Res. 693: Mr. DESJARLAIS and Mr. LAHOOD. H. Res. 711: Mr. CA´RDENAS and Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Res. 712: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 713: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia, Mr. PALLONE , and Mrs. L OWEY . H. Res. 717: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. BENISHEK , and Mr. H IGGINS . H. Res. 724: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. TAKANO . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2715 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 2016 No. 75 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 