Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to talk about jobs and economic opportunity for the region I represent. In my hometown of Port Angeles, Washington, we recently opened up a new innovative center focused on composite manufacturing. This composite recycling center, one of the first in the Nation, is already showing that the peninsula can be a hub for groundbreaking innovation. Just yesterday, they won a national investment, a grant from the U.S. Department of Commerce, that will give entrepreneurs the tools that they need to take yesterday’s recycled parts and turn them into advanced products. It will also encourage the growth of quality jobs in my region, investing in local citizens so that they can build careers working with composites. This is a terrific example, to use a Wayne Gretzky quote, of local economic developers skating to where the puck is going to be; and I want to congratulate the folks back home. I look forward to continuing to be a partner in the effort to bring good jobs to our neck of the woods. 
CONGRATULATING THE LA SALLE LANCERS (Mr. CHABOT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, last night, my alma mater, the La Salle Lancers, did it again. They won their third straight Ohio high school football championship. By the way, my brother Dave and I both played for La Salle back in the day. La Salle faced a tough Massillon Perry team in the championship game for the second straight season. The Lancers’ backtobacktoback championships capped off a historic 2016 football season in which La Salle won its first outright GCL South championship, and became the first ever three peat Division II champions in Ohio playoff history. I also want to wish one of La Salle’s rival teams, the St. X Bombers, the best in their quest to win the Division I championship this evening. Again, congratulations to all of the La Salle players and their families, to Coach Jim Hilvert and his coaching staff, and to everyone involved with the Lancer football program. You have all made the entire Cincinnati area extremely proud. Lancers roll deep. 
WE WILL NOT END MEDICARE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, this is Trudy Willis. Trudy and her husband, William, are lifelong residents of Middletown in my district in Rhode Island. They have three children and four wonderful grandchildren. Like millions of Americans, Trudy relies on Medicare to pay for her healthcare needs. For Trudy, Medicare isn’t an entitlement; it is a benefit that she and millions of Americans have earned and is a promise our government made. That is why I am disappointed that Presidentelect Donald Trump has announced he will appoint a Secretary of Health and Human Services who wants to end Medicare as we know it. Let me be very clear. Presidentelect Trump does not have a mandate to end the guarantee of Medicare. He lost the popular vote by about 2.5 million votes. We are not going to let him kill one of the most effective tools that seniors have to live their retirement years with dignity. If Republicans bring up legislation to end Medicare, we will stop this legislation dead in its tracks. We did it a decade ago when President George W. Bush tried to privatize Social Security, and we will do it again. And by doing so, we will maintain the promise we have made to Trudy and millions of seniors across our great country. f 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN JOHN KLINE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great friend and leader, Congressman JOHNKLINE, who will be retiring at the end of this Congress. He has served the citizens of Minnesota’s Second District in the U.S. House since 2002. A 25year veteran of the Marine Corps, he also serves on the House Armed Services Committee. I have had the honor of serving with JOHN KLINE on the Education and Workforce Committee for 8 years. He has chaired this committee as a great advocate for education and how this creates greater opportunity for all. His steady leadership has navigated Congress to successfully developing and advancing legislation to improve job training, elementary and secondary education, career and technical education, and so much more. His service has truly made a difference throughout our Nation. In addition to serving under Chairman KLINE’s leadership, I have enjoyed the privilege to share a weekly Bible study with JOHN. Thank you, and best wishes to Congressman JOHN KLINE and his wife, Vicky, for their service to the Nation. 
ALLOW THE DREAMERS TO SUCCEED (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, because of the inaction of this Congress, our President, in 2012, deferred action on childhood arrivals to this country, young boys and girls who were brought here at the tender age of 3 or 5 or 6 or 7, who are now flourishing in our communities and making this great country even better. I call your attention to one of my constituents, Claudia Yoli, who arrived in this country at the age of 8 from Venezuela, interned in my office in 2013, and now works for our great State Senator Jose Rodriguez, and is making El Paso, Texas, and America an even greater place to live. Unfortunately for Claudia, her mother had to return to Venezuela in 2010 and, because of her status, Claudia was not able to follow. Her mother died last year, and Claudia was unable to return to be with her mother in her dying days and to grieve with her family and be with them. We owe Claudia and the 750,000 other DREAMers in this country certainty; and we certainly owe them something better than what the Presidentelect has promised, which is to terminate this deferred action. So I ask this body, I ask the Presidentelect, and I ask every American to join together to make sure that we allow these DREAMers to succeed, because their success means America’s success. f 
HONORING EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL TECHNICIANS WHO MADE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE (Mr. CRAWFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 75th anniversary of Explosive Ordnance Disposal in our Nation’s Armed Forces, and their mission is even more important and dangerous today than it was 75 years ago. Today I rise to honor two EOD techs who gave their lives in just the past few weeks to keep others safe from harm. U.S. Navy EOD Senior Chief Petty Officer Scotty C. Dayton, age 42, was killed in Syria on Thanksgiving Day, the 24th of November, 2016, in the ongoing conflict in Syria against ISIS. He died from wounds sustained from an improvised explosive device. Assigned to EOD Mobile Unit Two, Virginia Beach, Virginia, he was operating with Combined Joint Task ForceOperation Inherent Resolve near the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa. He is survived by his wife, Kristin; and two children, Hailey and Cole. EOD Chief Jason Finan, age 34, was killed near Mosul, Iraq, 20 October, 2016. He also died from wounds sustained from an IED. Assigned to Mobile Unit Three, Coronado, California, he was operating while deployed with Navy SEALs, advising Iraqi forces in operations against ISIS and retaking the city of Mosul. He is survived by his wife, Chariss; son, Christopher; and mother, Gloria. 
As a Nation, we will be forever grateful for the ultimate sacrifice both of these men made in service to their fellow sailors and their country. In this 75th year of Explosive Ordnance Disposal, please take the time to remember the important role that EOD techs play in our national security and the risks they take every day to keep us safe. 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF GIBBIE BUCHHOLTZ (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gibbie Buchholtz from Zion, Illinois. Gibbie has lived in Zion his entire life and works tirelessly to bring our community together. He works part time as a cameraman for the Zion Park District filming city council and township meetings. Gibbie has become a staple in the community, documenting almost every single event in Zion, from local park openings to volunteer events at soup kitchens, to police and firefighter awards. He promotes events and special moments that often go unnoticed, and he recognizes individuals that go above and beyond. It has been an honor and a privilege to work alongside him in the Zion community. Gibbie never asks for recognition behind the camera, and only asks that people cherish the special moments with others. Today I am honored to be able to give Gibbie a little bit of recognition for his great service to our community. Thank you, Gibbie, and keep up the great work. 
b1000 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) at 10 o’clock and 1 minute a.m. 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 2943, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 937, I call up the conference report on the bill (S. 2943) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 937, the conference report is considered read. (For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House in Book I of November 30, 2016, at page H6376.) The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the conference report to accompany S. 2943. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring to the House the conference report for the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act. Once the President signs this measure into law, it will be the 55th consecutive year in which Congresses of both parties and Presidents of both parties have enacted a defense authorization bill. I want to start by thanking the distinguished gentleman from Washington, Ranking Member SMITH. Not only has he focused on what is good for the troops and good for the country in this bill, that has been his focus throughout this Congress. It has certainly been my pleasure to work with him toward that end. We do not always agree on what is good for the troops and what is good for the country, but we always agree that that comes first. Our work together has certainly been productive, and I appreciate that opportunity. Ranking Member SMITH and I have a terrific team on the Armed Services Committee; 63 outstanding members, all of whom have contributed to this product. I certainly appreciate the contributions they have made that have made such a large bill possible. Mr. Speaker, this bill does good things for the men and women who serve our Nation in the military, and it supports our country’s national security. I want to just touch on a few of the highlights, starting with the fact that this bill authorizes spending of $3.2 billion more than the President has requested. Now, that is not nearly enough, and my great hope is that the new incoming administration will submit to Congress a supplemental request that can really get about the job of rebuilding the military, which is so essential. The $3.2 billion, in addition to what the President has requested, is focused on people; and that is exactly what the primary focus of this bill is. So, for example, it provides the full pay raise to which the troops are statutorily entitled for the first time in 6 years; that is in this bill. It stops the layoffs of military personnel, which have been going on, and, at least, prevents it from getting any worse. It starts to stabilize the readiness problems that are making it more and more difficult for our troops to accomplish their mission and increasingly represents a danger to their lives. It improves the military healthcare system for the benefit of our troops and their families so that they will have a more consistent experience, that they will get better care, more convenient hours, and a number of things that are in this bill. In addition to the reforms related to military health care, there are a number of very significant reforms in other areas. For example, in acquisition, we try to make sure that not only we get more value for the taxpayer dollars but that we are more agile in being able to get new technology into the hands of the warfighters faster. We have commissary reform, which maintains the benefit but reduces the burden on the taxpayers. We have the first comprehensive rewrite of the Uniform Code of Military Justice in 30 years, and that is a big part of the reason that this bill is the size that it is. We have organizational reform that streamlines the bureaucracy and helps reduce the overhead so more resources can go to the front lines. There are many items in this bill, Mr. Speaker, from replenishing munitions of which we have shortages to dealing with the California National Guard repayment issue that has come up in recent weeks. Other speakers will give more detail about many of those provisions. I just want to take this moment, first, to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle for their work in producing this product. We have a unified staff on the Armed Services Committee. We work together to solve problems. And through the ups and downs of the political calendar and all of the other issues that impact our bill, they have done a terrific job in getting us to this point and have served the Nation by doing so. I want to express my appreciation to staff on both sides for that work. Finally, I also want to pay tribute to the members of our committee who will not be with us in the next Congress for a variety of reasons. They include the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ), the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. FLEMING ), the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ), the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. NUGENT ), the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ ), the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. DUCKWORTH ), the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ), and the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ). I particularly want to thank Subcommittee Chairman RANDY FORBES , Subcommittee Chairman JOEHECK, and Ranking Member LORETTA SANCHEZ for their leadership and years of contributions to the military of our country. We will miss them. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, I want to say that this is an excellent product. It was not easy to pull together. It is a very large bill with a lot of very important issues. As Chairman THORNBERRY indicated, a lot of people contributed to it. Certainly, everybody on our committee, but then many Members who aren’t on the committee in the House and, of course, our friends in the Senate. We all worked together and found a way to get through the areas of disagreement and to get to a very good bill, with the central thought that it is our job in passing this bill to give the men and women who serve us in the Armed Services all of the tools they need to do the job we ask them to do. So I really want to echo Chairman THORNBERRY ’s comments and thank our staff, first of all, for the outstanding work that they have done in putting together this product. I thank the Members for their contribution. Also, perhaps most importantly, I thank Mr. THORNBERRY for his leadership as the chairman of the committee. I have been on this committee for 20 years, and we have had a tradition from the moment I showed up and before then that this is a bipartisan committee that is focused on getting its work done. Whatever the hurdles, whatever the difficulties, whatever the disagreements, we know how important it is to produce this bill and how important it is to our troops who are fighting to protect us and provide the national security that we need. Mr. THORNBERRY has upheld that tradition. We have had many chairmen in those 20 years. They have all had that first and foremost in mind. This is not a partisan committee. This is a committee that works together to get its job done. Mr. THORNBERRY has done an outstanding job of that. He has certainly been an excellent partner for me, and we even found a way to work with the Senate and then made that work. So I thank all of those people who contributed to this. Chairman THORNBERRY is also right. I think that the most striking thing about this bill is how much it does to help reform the way things are done at the Department of Defense. There is much on acquisition reform, all aimed at trying to get the taxpayers more for the money they spent. Because the chairman is right, as in many areas of government, there are more needs than there is money. What we have to do is try to figure out how to make that money go as far as possible. Acquisition reform is a key part of that. We really struggled in the early part of the 21st century with a lot of programs that went overbudget. We are still dealing with the legacy of some of that, but very proud that, in the last few years, that has declined, as we have passed acquisition reform, and as we have figured out better ways to get things in the field, into service more quickly, commercial, offthe shelf technology, more improvements in our acquisition. That is critical if we are going to be able to use the scarce resources we have to the best of our ability. So we put together an excellent product. Also, as Chairman THORNBERRY mentioned, we do have the full pay raise for the troops that they need and desperately deserve. I will just close by saying, I think, that is the thing that you can really see from this bill. It prioritizes the men and women who serve in the military to try to make sure that we provide for them, give them all the training they need and all the support they need so that when we ask them to do something, they are trained and ready to do it. I really believe that is the most important thing that we do on this committee. We can have many, many debates about what our national security strategy should be, where we should employ our forces, how we should use them, and what equipment we should provide for them. But the one thing that we have to agree on is, whatever we decide the mission should be, we have to make absolutely certain that we provide the men and women everything they need to be ready to carry out that mission so that we do not send them into a fight unprepared. I think we are doing a very good job of that. There are many challenges ahead, as the chairman noted. We have a lot of demands. We do not have an infinite amount of money. So we are going to keep working hard to try to figure out how to make that money go as far as possible. Again, I want to thank all the people who worked on this process. This, I think, is an example of how Congress should work, how legislation should work, people working together, having differences, working them out, and producing a product that improves our Nation and, in this case, improves the quality of national security. Again, I thank Chairman THORN BERRY . I think this is an excellent bill. I urge passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ), chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I want to thank Chairman THORN BERRY for his leadership in bringing to the floor this National Defense Authorization Act and for his incredible contribution to the national defense of this country. I also would like to recognize the efforts of Congressman SMITH, who is the ranking member, for his dedication and commitment to get this bill to the floor. During the last 8 years, our military readiness has been impacted and our force structure has declined. For example, naval aviation has only 3 in 10 Navy jet aircraft that are fully mission capable. Aircraft carrier gaps in critical regions persist. Navy ship deployments have increased almost 40 percent, and submarine demand continues to outpace availability. As to the Air Force, our B–1 fleet was pulled back from the Persian Gulf this year because of engine maintenance issues and replaced with B–52s that are over 50 years old. I think everyone would agree that these are disturbing trends. It is obvious that we need to concurrently increase readiness and invest in critical capabilities to ensure that our Nation is capable of projecting force and deterring conflict in the future. A 350ship Navy is a minimal investment in ensuring our Nation’s strategic priorities. I urge that our NDAA does a good job in arresting our national security’s general decline. With the increases in force structure for the Army and the Marine Corps and a 2.1 percent pay raise for our servicemembers, these are good first steps, but we have a long way to go with getting our military ready to defend our Nation. With the election of Presidentelect Trump, I am optimistic as to our ability to make our military truly great again. With this being my last NDAA, I want to thank all the members of the House Armed Services Committee and, most specifically, Ranking Member JOECOURTNEY . I have often said that our Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee is likely the most bipartisan subcommittee in Congress, and I think that Ranking Member COURTNEY  has been a resolute supporter of our national security. I will miss working with him on a daily basis to improve our Nation’s military. Once again, I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and urge my colleagues to support the National Defense Authorization Act. b1015 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT NEY). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer my strong support for the 2017 defense bill conference report. This bill is the result of extraordinary work by Chairman THORNBERRY  and Ranking Member SMITH, who, despite the extremely polarized environment of the 114th Congress, have managed to produce two bipartisan defense bills this year and last. The degree of 
difficulty accomplishing that feat cannot be overstated. I congratulate them both. As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, I am particularly pleased with the final bill. Working together, the members of our subcommittee produced a strong mark that makes important investments in new shipbuilding as well as introducing new acquisition reform that will strengthen our Navy. Nine new ships are authorized in the final bill, continuing to boost the numbers of our fleet that is on a path to 308 ships by 2021. As the Secretary of the Navy has publicly stated, the Department is on the verge of releasing a new naval force structure assessment that will call for raising that target even higher. Today’s bill provides a sound footing to take on that task with enough work in the shipyards that produce amphibs, destroyers, and submarines to go to a higher level in short order. To be clear, our subcommittee did not just rubberstamp the administration’s budget. For example, the agreement pluses up critical advanced procurement funding for the Virginia class submarine program to ensure that the twoayear build rate continues on its current pace. Given the important role that our submarines play in our Nation’s defense, we cannot let that build rate slip by underfunding advanced procurement. This agreement also authorizes a new national security multimission vessel that will replace the aging training ships at our Nation’s maritime academies. This program is vital to ensuring that we retain a maritime workforce in the future, and this agreement puts us on that path. I am particularly pleased that the measure also includes language that I helped to author with Chairman FORBES in the House bill to enhance the National SeaBased Deterrence Fund. Our language adds new authorities to the fund that will help reduce costs in the Ohio Replacement Submarine by procuring and building key components in an efficient levelloaded manner. The Navy estimates that we could save as much as 25 percent of the total cost of the missile compartment alone with this new authority. At a time when we are looking to grow the fleet while also meeting the multigenerational commitment of Ohio replacement, this approach to reducing costs in shipbuilding is absolutely vital. I want to conclude by saluting Chairman FORBES as he begins a new chapter in his life. I have seen firsthand the impact that he has made on our fleet, our shipbuilding industry, and, most importantly, the lives of sailors, marines, airmen, and mariners touched by his work, which has always been conducted in a bipartisan manner. I thank him for his service and express my hope that we will see him continue his work in these areas in whatever opportunity comes his way next. I also want to salute the staff, and in particular Lieutenant Commander Jonathan Cebik, who is a Navy fellow in my office who is finishing up his duties in the next few days or so. He did great work in terms of advising not just my office, but also the subcommittee. I thank all the Members of our panel for their hard work on this year’s defense bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this agreement. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ), the distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman MAC THORNBERRY for yielding. I am grateful for his success in promoting peace through strength. I am in strong support of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2017. Generations of my family have served our Nation in uniform. My father was a Flying Tiger in India and China during World War II. I served for 31 years in the Army Reserve and South Carolina Army Guard. I am grateful to have four sons who have served in the military overseas in the global war on terrorism. I know firsthand the positive impact this year’s NDAA will have on our troops, veterans, and military families. After passing this bill, I look forward to telling my constituents at Fort Jackson, adjacent to McEntire Joint Air Base, neighboring Fort Gordon, and the thousands of veterans and countless families concerned about the safety of our citizens that Congress has done its job, just as it has for the past 54 years, by passing a defense authorization bill. In this bill, readiness is first, protecting our servicemembers overseas and on training missions at home. Cybersecurity is enhanced, protecting American families and encouraging publicprivate partnerships. We are fully resourcing our Special Operations Forces and providing critical support to fight Islamic terrorists, including counterpropaganda measures. We have increased oversight by requiring a report from the President on Iran as it aggressively acts on ICBMs. This bill is clear, if our enemies attack our soldiers and American families with new and unconventional attacks, we will ensure our military has the tools to respond. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am very grateful as a military veteran and as a grateful dad that this is a very positive NDAA. I would like to close again by thanking Chairman THORNBERRY for his remarkable persistence throughout this year’s reforms. We also have been fortunate to have the visionary leadership of subcommittee chairman RANDY  FORBES , who has successfully promoted a vibrant Navy. I additionally want to thank our ranking members ADAM SMITH and J IMLANGEVIN for their bipartisan manner. This bill will enable Presidentelect Donald Trump and the incoming Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to establish peace through strength. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Readiness. (Ms. BORDALLO asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I commend Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH and the committee staff who have worked many, many long nights on this year’s defense bill. This conference report provides funding levels that work to address readiness shortfalls, a process that takes time and will continue to require stable, consistent funding. Unfortunately, that is something that we are not afforded under sequestration and reliance on continuing resolutions. I also appreciated the efforts to fight in conference for the provisions that were important to the territory of Guam. In particular, I am pleased that the restrictions are lifted for remaining water and wastewater civilian infrastructure projects, as well as for the construction associated with the cultural artifact repository, and that military infrastructure projects were authorized at the President’s budget request level. I thank again Ranking Member SMITH for working with me to get a provision through conference mandating a review of distinguished Asian American and Pacific Islander veterans who may have been unjustly overlooked in the Medal of Honor consideration. We must never overlook the past contributions of our brave men and women in uniform. To that end, I am also heartened to see the inclusion of the Guam war claims. It is time that we bring resolution to the people of Guam after 70 years and all U.S. citizens who have suffered under enemy occupation during World War II. We have advanced this legislation this far in the past numerous times, but I hope that my colleagues in the Senate will also pass this critical legislation. Ultimately, finding an offset for this legislation has helped to bring resolution to the matter. The people of Guam deserve to close this chapter in our history. I look forward to this bill passing the House as well as the Senate before being signed into law by the President later this month. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Mr. Speaker, consideration of this important bill comes at a critical time 
for our Nation and for our military. Under the leadership of Chairman THORNBERRY , this bill, if funded, begins the process of rebuilding our military and restoring readiness back into the force. The bill stops the harmful end strength reductions in our military service and it begins the process of reversing this damaging trend in reducing our military capacity. I thank CHRIS GIBSON , my colleague, for his efforts in ending those endstrength reductions. The bill provides an additional $600 million to address shortfalls of critical munitions. I want to repeat that. We had to put in $600 million to address shortfalls in munitions. That is how much we are suffering in our military in spending. The bill also continues to address the needs of the National Guard and Reserve components by authorizing an additional $250 million for equipment modernization for the Guard and the Reserve. Additionally, this bill calls for continued action to eradicate sexual assault in the military by providing greater transparency in the military criminal justice system. It also acknowledges the need for intensive treatment for male victims and continues to address the critical issues of retaliation. This bill also includes important provisions on the protection of child custody rights of our members of the Armed Forces. However, it is important to note that the military services submitted over $22 billion of unfunded requirements for fiscal year 2017 alone. I had hoped we would be able to address these modernization shortfalls, as we did in the Housepassed bill. This bill falls short of the Housepassed bills. It is also essential that we begin to correct these funding shortfalls in the next Congress. Currently we have a lack of readiness and a heightened level of risk. I look forward to working with the new Trump administration in regards to an early supplemental request to fully fund these requirements, and I would expect that the Housepassed bill would be used as the minimum starting point in order to start the process for rebuilding our military and working with our allies to create conditions for credible U.S. deterrence. It saddens me that we might pass this bill fully funding the military and then pass a CR that underfunds our military. Before I conclude, I thank our subcommittee’s ranking member, Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ , who has truly been my dear friend. She will be sorely missed. I will miss her guidance and her friendship. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Military Personnel. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH for their leadership during this process. The conference report includes many provisions that will provide the military services flexibility to recruit and retain members of our Armed Forces and to continue our commitment to taking care of military families. One provision I would like to highlight expands maternity leave for military members up to 12 weeks in conjunction with the birth of a child and authorizes 6 weeks of leave for the primary caregiver in the case of adoption. For the first time, it also grants 21 days to the secondary caregiver for both the birth of a child and adoption. The conference report also begins to reform and modernize the military healthcare system by standardizing military treatment facilities across the services and increasing access for beneficiaries. The conference report reforms TRICARE into an HMO and a PPO system, but, unfortunately, it establishes a twofee structure for the next 50 years, thus creating an inequity in a defined benefit for military retirees. I sincerely hope we can continue to work towards a better solution in the future. Although it is not perfect, this bill is a necessary step toward ensuring our servicemembers, retirees, and their families continue to receive the best, the most efficient, and the most economical health care possible. While I do agree with the increase in end strength for the military services in the conference report, I am still concerned about how it is paid for, especially with a possible continuing resolution until April. If the fiscal year 2017 defense appropriations bill does not contain the $3.2 billion in OCO for this increase, the services, particularly the Army, may be forced to reprogram from other critical accounts or give pink slips to dedicated soldiers. Lastly, I thank Chairman JOEHECK for his 2 years of leadership and bipartisanship on the subcommittee. His dedication to working with me and other members of the subcommittee on behalf of our servicemen and women and their families is a credit to himself and his values as a public servant. I will miss working with him. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. (Mr. ROGERS of Alabama asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I commend the chairman for his leadership in bringing the 55th consecutive NDAA across the finish line. This legislation includes vital provisions, such as a pay raise for our troops, a fix to the end strength, and it begins to address the readiness crisis that is literally claiming the lives of our men and women in uniform. A special thankyou goes to my friend, the subcommittee ranking member, Mr. COOPER . He is a pleasure to work with—Roll Tide. The conference report includes critical provisions resulting from oversight of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. For example, regarding the national security space, it enables a rational transition to the end of our reliance on the Russian RD–180 engine. The agreement prioritizes funding for U.S. replacement of the RD–180 engine. It rejects the Air Force strategy to pay for three new launch systems to commercial providers. In fact, the Air Force should only hold its industry day and take no further action until the new administration has a chance to conduct a full cost policy and legal analysis. It gives the Air Force one final opportunity to meet warfighter requirements and bring order to the Department’s spacebased weather collection program. Concerning our nuclear forces and nuclear enterprise, the conference report prohibits funding for the administration’s misguided proposal to accelerate dismantlement of retired nuclear weapons, authorizes an additional $100 million in funding to help pay for and address the massive infrastructure problems and deferred maintenance backlogs in the NSA, and gives the Air Force one final chance to appropriately prioritize the strategic missile warning system. Concerning missile defense, the conference report restricts funding for the Army’s Lower Tier Air and Missile Defense radar modernization program. The chief wanted more acquisition authority. The bill gives it to him, and I expect him to use it. b1030 I am also proud to see the conference report includes language to repeal the cold warminded National Missile Defense Act, which sought to limit U.S. missile defense deployments. It provides full funding of the request of our allies in Israel for $600 million for co development and coproduction of Iron Dome, David’s Sling, and Arrow 3. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 31⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I begin by thanking Ranking Member SMITH, Chairman THORNBERRY , and Chairman WILSON for their tireless work on this bill, as well as all the work on behalf of the staff of the full Armed Services Committee and my personal staff, Kathryn Mitchell and Amanda Donegan. Mr. Speaker, there is a lot to be proud of in the conference report before us today. This legislation both provides for the needs of our warfighters and ultimately takes strong steps towards strengthening our national security. The Emerging Threats and Capabilities portion of the NDAA, which I serve as ranking member of, first and foremost recognizes the importance of the cyber domain. After careful consideration, my colleagues and I came to the 
conclusion that the execution of cyberspace operations and the readiness of the Cyber Mission Forces warrants a new unified combatant command, now currently a subunified command under STRATCOM. The bill reiterates the importance of transparency and regular updates to Congress on cyber operations, internal policies and authorities, and other relevant issues and activities. This sets the stage for creating a formalized framework for oversight of U.S. Cyber Command next year. The legislation also formalizes the relationship between the principal cyber adviser to the Secretary of Defense and Cyber Command, aiding the successful execution of their respective roles and responsibilities. We have come to realize how important these distinctions are to both parties. Thus, the bill clarifies the roles and responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and LowIntensity Conflict. Now, on research and development, my ETC colleagues and I strive to champion innovation wherever possible, so this bill authorizes a demonstration pilot program that allows select DOD laboratory directors more flexibility in the daytoday operations of their labs. This will ensure they can use best management practices to advance science and technology breakthroughs with greater levels of agility. As directed energy technologies continue to mature and may be ready to be fielded in the near future, the bill designates a senior official within the DOD for coordination of directed energy efforts to reduce redundancy, leverage lessons learned, and advance key policy considerations for uses of such technology. Earlier this year, the Global Engagement Center was created by executive order within the State Department and tasked with coordinating U.S. counterterrorism messaging with our allies around the world. This year, the ETC portion of the bill formally authorizes the Global Engagement Center and expands the scope of its mission to include countering propaganda of state actors by permitting the DOD to transfer funds to the organization. Mr. Speaker, it is time we counter the dangerous rhetoric both ISIL and Russia are using to influence populations across the world and here at home. Finally, Mr. Speaker, this legislation continues to address the critical policies and programs within the scope of emerging threats and capabilities. Beyond that, I am also particularly pleased that this bill makes the necessary investments in our Navy’s nuclear submarine force, the most survivable leg of the triad. The Virginia class submarine and the Ohio Replacement class submarine are critical to our Nation’s defense, and I am very pleased that they are prioritized and properly resourced in this legislation. I want to again thank the leadership of Chairman THORNBERRY , Ranking Member SMITH, and Chairman W ILSON , and I thank my colleagues for their work on this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in strong support of S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. First, I would like to thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH for their leadership here, and also our Readiness Subcommittee ranking member, Ms. MADELEINE  BORDALLO . I thank them so much for all of their help and constant and tireless efforts in this endeavor. The efforts behind the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act were truly bipartisan. Mr. Speaker, throughout the year, we heard testimony from all of our service branches about the necessity to address our military’s alarming readiness shortfalls. Their accounts were sobering, to say the least. We now confront the maintenance, sustainment, and readiness issues that we put off until tomorrow. Today, we have the responsibility of reducing the risk for our warfighters by making sure that they are welltrained and have combat ready equipment. There are a number of provisions in this conference report that aim to bolster our military readiness. In addition to the pay raise and increases in end strength, this report directs several assessments of the military departments’ plans to rebuild readiness, enhance exercises, and modernize training requirements. It also provides for increased military construction above the President’s budget request. It provides the Department of Defense with flexibility for hiring civilians to fill critical manpower capability gaps, in particular, at our defense industrial base facilities: our depots, arsenals, and shipyards. It increases funding to the military service operations and maintenance accounts, critical elements we need to do to restore readiness. None of these readiness provisions were included arbitrarily. They were specifically targeted to begin to reverse the decline in the readiness of our Armed Forces and bring them closer to achieving fullspectrum readiness levels. That is an absolute must if we are to combat and deter the threats to our national security from around the world. Mr. Speaker, in that vein, I strongly urge support for S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, and encourage my colleagues in the House to support it as well. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member on the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and who also was enormously helpful with a number of different aspects of this bill. I appreciate his help and support in that. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I have the honor of representing the Hampton Roads area of Virginia, the heart of our Nation’s shipbuilding industrial base. I want to underscore my support for the shipbuilding and ship maintenance provisions in the bill, including the language urging the Secretary of the Navy to speed up the procurement schedule for aircraft carriers to ensure that our carrier fleet is not again reduced to just 10 carriers. These provisions will not only significantly benefit my region, but will be critical to our Nation’s security. I want to particularly commend my colleague from Virginia, the chair of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, Mr. FORBES , and the ranking member of that subcommittee, Mr. COURTNEY , for their hard work on the shipbuilding aspects of the bill. As ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I am pleased to see that the final conference report eliminated three matters of grave concern that would have adversely affected working conditions for shipyard workers and employees of government contractors. The first provision eliminated from the bill would have severely undermined the workers’ compensation benefits that many shipyard workers now receive. A second problematic provision would have authorized taxpayer funded employment discrimination. A third provision eliminated from the bill would have significantly diminished the application of the executive order on fair pay and safe workplaces. This order will now remain in effect and it will help level the playing field so that those contractors who willfully and repeatedly violate workplace safety, labor, and civil rights laws will not gain competitive advantages over those lawabiding contractors who faithfully comply with employment laws. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the exceptional effort made by the ranking member of the committee, Mr. SMITH, with the cooperation of the chair of the committee, Mr. THORNBERRY , to produce a bill that addresses the defense needs of our Nation, but also ensures that workers are treated fairly. Before addressing matters of concern to the Education and the Workforce Committee, I want to underscore my strong support for the shipbuilding and ship maintenance provisions. I have the honor of representing Hampton Roads, Virginia, the heart of our nation’s shipbuilding industrial base. I strongly support the conference report’s shipbuilding and ship maintenance provisions, specifically language urging the Secretary of the Navy to speed up the procurement schedule for aircraft carriers to ensure that our carrier fleet is not again reduced to 10 carriers. These provisions in the 
conference report will not only significantly benefit my region, but will be critical for our nation’s security. I’d like to commend Congressman FORBES and Congressman C OURT NEYfor their efforts on this area. As a conferee and Ranking Member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I was pleased to see that the final conference report eliminated matters of grave concern. First, the Conference Report removed Section 3512 of the House bill which redefined ‘‘recreational vessels’’ across almost all statutes. The aim of this provision was to exempt workers repairing vessels over 65 feet in length from coverage under the Longshore and Harbor Workers Act (LHWCA), such as very large yachts and luxury watercraft. By stripping injured workers of the protections under LWHCA, these workers would have been shifted into coverage under state workers’ compensation laws. Many state workers’ compensation benefit levels are substantially inferior to LHWCA coverage, especially in states such as Florida. Earlier this year, the Florida Supreme Court found that the Florida workers’ compensation law was unconstitutional because the duration of disability benefits was so truncated and the benefit levels so anemic that they did not constitute ‘‘a system of redress’’ that ‘‘functions as a reasonable alternative to tort litigation.’’ Both the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) and the U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) opposed Section 3512. The DOL noted that Section 3512 would ‘‘lead to uncertainty and foster litigation regarding Longshore Act coverage’’ because the new definition of ‘‘recreational’’ vessel introduced subjective criteria. For example, would vessels with paid crews or which are leased out for commercial purposes be deemed recreational or commercial? DOL also expressed concern that this ‘‘legislation will simply encourage employers to shift their employees out of the more protective federal longshore workers’ compensation system,’’ and into inferior state workers’ comp coverage. The Coast Guard noted changing the definition of ‘‘recreational vessel’’ under Section 4301 of Title 46 (the Federal Boat Safety Act of 1971) would have adverse impacts on Coast Guard regulatory and enforcement authorities. Second, I was pleased to see that Impact Aid has been preserved for Local Educational Agencies consistent with past precedent. Third, there were two provisions that adversely impacted employee protections in the workplace, which were deleted in the conference report. One such provision was Section 1094 of the House bill, which was misleadingly labeled ‘‘Protections Relating to Civil Rights and Disabilities’’ authorized taxpayerfunded employment discrimination in every grant, cooperative agreement, contract, subcontract, and purchase order awarded by every Federal agency doing business with a religiously affiliated organization. Section 1094 would effectively nullify the protections from workplace discrimination for LGBT workers that were provided in Executive Order 13672 (Prohibiting Discrimination Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity by Contractors and Subcontractors) that was signed on July 21, 2014. Further, the provision would incorporate an exemption from the Americans with Disabilities Act that could permit taxpayerfunded discrimination not only against employees and applicants who are not members of the same religion, but also against those who fail to adhere to the organization’s religious tenets. Accordingly, religious organizations in receipt of federal dollars could use their religious viewpoint to: discharge working women who use birth control or who is pregnant and unmarried; fire employees who engage in premarital sex; deny employment or health benefits to married samesex couples that they already provide to married oppositesex couples; or refuse to consider for employment anyone, however qualified, whose religion is inconsistent with the employer’s religious tenets. Ninetyone religious, education, civil rights, labor, and women’s organizations wrote to express their opposition in a letter dated August 25, 2016. The groups noted that: ‘‘effective government collaboration with faithbased groups does not require the sanctioning of federally funded religious discrimination.’’ I am pleased that the conference report did not authorize religious employers to discriminate in hiring using federal funds. I want to applaud Senator BLUMENTHAL for his leadership in helping to remove this provision. In addition, Sections 1095 of the House bill and Section 829–I of the Senate bill would have eliminated or diminished the application of the ‘‘Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces’’ Executive Order. This executive order requires companies to disclose whether they have engaged in serious, repeated, willful or pervasive violations of any of 14 longstanding labor laws, including the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act, and nondiscrimination laws. Each year, thousands of federal contractor workers are deprived of overtime wages, denied basic workplace protections, forced to endure illegal discrimination, and made to tolerate unwarranted health and safety risks. Companies supported by and entrusted with federal government contracts should be expected to represent the gold standard in the American workplace. The executive order aims to level the playing field so that those who repeatedly violate those laws do not gain competitive advantage over those law abiding contractors who expend the funds and make the effort to ensure full compliance. Finally, I want to recognize the exceptional effort made by Ranking Member SMITH and his staff to work with the Education and Workforce Committee to produce a final bill that meets the defense needs of this nation and also ensures workers are treated fairly. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ), a member of the conference committee and a combat veteran who has played a key role in formulating this bill. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this conference report. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership. This may very well be the most significant piece of legislation to come out of the House Armed Services Committee since GoldwaterNichols. I say that for five reasons: One, it reforms the strategic planning process, reclaiming Article 1, section 8 responsibility for the Congress with regard to providing strategic guidance. Two, it empowers the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I think this is really important for unity of effort, efficient use of resources, and, quite frankly, also for civil military relations. Three, bold acquisition reforms; it has been mentioned in terms of agility, transparency, and accountability. We bring forward major reforms here, and, quite frankly, we are empowering the services. This is some of the testimony we received, and, in the process, we have provided incentives and also consequences for noncompliance. I think this is all going to be good news for the taxpayers who are counting on us to get this right. Four, decisive steps to improve readiness. We are entering a new era, Mr. Speaker. The drawdown is over; in fact, we are increasing end strength. I think this is really important. On a congressional delegation trip I led this summer listening to the commanders in the European Command, including the Supreme Allied Commander of Europe, this bill and all the resources that come with it are going to help strengthen deterrence. This is also a good bill for NATO. I mentioned resources. This was so important to the Joint Chiefs and to their senior enlisted advisers. They said they welcomed the end strength, but it had to come with the resources. They did not want to hollow out the force. We have listened and we have done this. Money for training; it is a very dangerous business, and it is important the training be realistic. We have reinforced the account for the CTCs, flying hours, and the spare parts to come with it. Five, Mr. Speaker, the pay raise, which is so justifiably earned. I am proud of this bill. I want to thank the staff. The staff on both sides of the aisle are second to none, and it has been a great privilege to serve on this committee. God bless this Nation. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time each side has remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington has 13 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas also has 13 minutes remaining. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), a member of the committee. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the committee, Mr. THORNBERRY ; the ranking member, Mr. SMITH; and the members, my colleagues, for an exceptional piece of work here. This is an extremely important bill. I do support it; 
It modernizes the Uniform Code of Military Justice to improve the system’s efficiency and transparency, while also enhancing victims’ rights. It reforms the commissary system in a way that preserves this valuable benefit, while also improving it so that the system remains an excellent value for the shoppers and a good value for taxpayer dollars. In conclusion, I want to thank the ranking member, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS), for her contributions and support in this process. It has truly been an honor and a pleasure to work with her. I also want to thank the subcommittee members and offer my sincere appreciation for the hard work and dedication of the subcommittee staff. Lastly, I want to thank the chairman, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), for his support and for entrusting me with the great privilege and honor of chairing this subcommittee. I strongly urge my colleagues to support the conference report to S. 2943. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, and I rise in support of the conference report to S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. This act is designed to meet the threats we face today as well as in the future, and I thank the chairman of the committee from Texas, as well as the ranking member from Washington, both having worked together in this enormous task to be able to defend our Nation. The results of our work here today will reflect our strong commitment to ensure the men and women of our armed services receive the benefits and support that they deserve for their faithful service. Building on these efforts, this bill contains initiatives designed to provide resources and support for these men and women. This legislation recognizes the reality that we live in a dangerous world where threats are not always easily identifiable and our enemies are not bound by borders. Confronting this type of enemy deserves a wellprepared, ready military, which I strongly support. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted and very pleased that the work that we did together with the chairman and the ranking member, amendments that I offered, are in this legislation: The Jackson Lee amendment expressing the sense of Congress regarding the importance of increasing the effectiveness of NORTHCOM in fulfilling its critical mission of protecting the U.S. homeland in the event of war, and to provide support to local, State, and Federal authorities that we work with all the time in times of national emergency. The Jackson Lee amendment calling for a report on American efforts to combat Boko Haram in Nigeria and the countries in the Lake Chad region by way of provision of technical training and evidencegathering strategies, to name a few. Having gone to the region, having been dealing with the missing Chibok girls for, now, some 4 years plus, we know devastation there. The Jackson Lee amendment requiring the Department of Defense to conduct outreach programs to assist smallbusiness concerns owned and controlled by women, veterans, and social and economic minorities. And the Jackson Lee amendment requiring annual report to Congress listing the most common grounds for sustaining protests including and relating to bids. This is important to pass this legislation, Mr. Speaker. And let me just personally thank the gentleman from Washington for always welcoming Members and the ideas and needs that they have for their districts, but also for this Nation. We are better for it, and we are better that we are preparing the men and women of the United States military to keep them safe. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Conference Report to S. 2943, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017.’’ The National Defense Authorization Act is designed to meet the threats we face today as well as into the future. The results of our work here today will reflect our strong commitment to ensure that the men and women of our Armed Services receive the benefits and support that they deserve for their faithful service. Building on our efforts from previous years, this bill contains a number of initiatives designed to provide the resources and support needed for the men and women who keep our nation safe. This legislation recognizes the reality that we live in a dangerous world, where threats are not always easily identifiable, and our enemies are not bound by borders. Confronting this unique type of enemy requires unique capabilities. As we have seen time and time again, our military has the ability to track down violent extremists who wish to do our country harm, regardless of where they reside. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that four of my amendments adopted during House consideration of the NDAA are included in the final legislation or in language in the accompanying report: 1. Jackson Lee Amendment expressing the sense of Congress regarding the importance of increasing the effectiveness of the Northern Command (‘‘NORTHCOM’’) in fulfilling its critical mission of protecting the U.S. homeland in the event of war and to provide support to local, state, and federal authorities in limes of national emergency or in the event of an invasion. 2. Jackson Lee Amendment calling for a report on American efforts to combat Boko Haram in Nigeria and the countries in the Lake Chad Basin, by way of provision of technical training and evidence gathering strategies to name a few. 3. Jackson Lee Amendment requiring the Department of Defense to conduct outreach program to assist small business concerns owned and controlled by women, veterans, and socially and economically minorities. 4. Jackson Lee Amendment requiring annual report to Congress listing the most common grounds for sustaining protests relating to bids for contracts. The passing of this bill today brings us one step closer to enacting the 54th consecutive National Defense Authorization Act. This particular bill is seen as the gold standard for Congressional bipartisanship and transparency. Despite disagreements on key issues, Members have not failed to reach consensus on behalf of our fighting men and women. I am proud of the work we have done here today. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), a valued member of the committee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the conference report to accompany S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Congress has upheld its constitutional duty to ‘‘provide for the common defense’’ by passing the NDAA 55 years in a row, and I am looking forward to making this the 56th. This bipartisan bill contains a number of vitally important provisions to support our troops deployed overseas, stop the dangerous drawdown of the military, and begin rebuilding our force for the future. It increases the end strength of our Armed Forces, gives our troops a substantial pay raise, and maintains restrictions on the administration’s ability to bring terrorist detainees from Guantanamo to U.S. soil. One provision I am particularly proud of is the Joint Trauma Education and Training Directorate. Too often we take for granted the readiness of our military healthcare teams, doctors, and surgeons when, in reality, their skills and knowledge are earned through work in grueling, dangerous conditions and must be maintained through frequent practice. The Joint Trauma Education and Training Directorate will support partnerships, allowing military trauma surgeons and physicians to embed within civilian trauma centers to treat critically injured patients, maintaining medical readiness and deployability for future armed conflicts. By connecting the Department of Defense with civilian hospitals, these partnerships will serve the needs of our military medical professionals and our local communities, to the benefit of the whole Nation. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our ranking member for yielding and for his tremendous leadership on so many of these very critical issues. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise, though, in strong opposition to the National Defense Authorization Act, which would authorize another $618 billion in spending to our already outofcontrol defense budget. It would also expand funding for wars that Congress has never debated. Once again, my Republican colleagues have used an offthebooks spending gimmick to further expand the already bloated Pentagon budget. Enough is enough. Instead of writing blank checks to the Pentagon, Congress needs to live up to its constitutional obligation to debate matters of war and peace. We need to rip up the 2001 blank check for endless war. We need to stop funding wars without end, with no debate on the costs and consequences to our troops or to the American people. Mr. Speaker, I do have to say that I am pleased that my amendment, which I coauthored with my good friend Congressman BURGESS , to report on the auditreadiness of the Pentagon, that amendment passed, but much work remains. So I call on our Speaker to act to bring some accountability to Pentagon spending and to bring forth an authorization to use force to support or oppose these new wars. We need to do our job. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill and reject this wasteful spending. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), the distinguished vice chair of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for the FY17 NDAA conference report. I want to first thank Chairman THORNBERRY for his dedication and continuous support for our troops and for his leadership during the conference committee process. I am proud to support this critical bill that truly hits home for my district and for our brave men and women in uniform across our great Nation. My district is the proud home of Fort Drum, and this bill provides for the ongoing combat operations where troops from the 10th Mountain Division continue to selflessly serve. It also fully supports our Navy’s nuclear community, from operational capabilities, to nuclear training sites at Ballston Spa, New York. b1100 One of the most important provisions is a full 2.1 percent pay raise for our troops—to our Nation’s dedicated and brave servicemembers who risk it all to provide us with protection and security—and to their loved ones who are anxiously awaiting their return. This bill also prevents a possible readiness crisis by investing in our military personnel and preserving their expertise. In order for our military to continue its superiority in any battlefield and through countless combat deployments, this bill ends the misguided drawdown of troops. It ensures we have the land forces end strength to face the world’s challenges and protect our Nation. Every day I am grateful and humbled to represent so many brave men and women in uniform and their resilient loved ones. I encourage all of my House colleagues to vote in support of this vital bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington has 61⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 6
1⁄2minutes. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) who is a very valued member of our Armed Services Committee. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the NDAA. I thank Chairman THORNBERRY for his leadership on this issue and being a member of that committee. As a retired Air Force colonel and A– 10 pilot, I am deeply troubled by the dangerous atrophying of our military in recent years. For example, we once had 134 fighter squadrons. Today we have 55. We had 946,000 total force military and civilian airmen, and now we are down to 660,000. We are short 700 fighter pilots, 4,000 maintainers, and critical munitions. Yet the world isn’t getting any safer. This bill takes crucial steps to reverse the readiness crisis and helps ensure our military has the training, manpower, and resources they need to keep us safe. It increases end strength and funds the weapons systems we need to take on ISIS and other emerging threats, such as the Tomahawk missile. It fully protects the mighty A–10 Warthog, our best close air support asset. It includes critical language I authored to require a flyoff between the A–10 and the F–35 before a single A– 10 can be retired. It fully funds the EC– 130H Compass Call, the Air Force’s only dedicated electronic warfare asset. It fully funds the vital missions we need for the future, like cyber, intelligence, and electronic warfare—all of which are housed at Fort Huachuca in my district. I am proud to have worked on the committee with Chairman THORNBERRY  and Chairman MCCAINon these important issues. I want to thank them for their leadership. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this critical bill and support our troops. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) who is the distinguished chair of the House Committee on Small Business, which has made a number of contributions to this conference report. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in strong support of this conference report because it provides for our national defense and also supports America’s small businesses. As was mentioned, as chairman of the House Committee on Small Business, I have seen firsthand just how vital small businesses are in providing the Department of Defense with the goods and services it needs in a costeffective and efficient manner. Also included within this conference report are contracting reforms which will provide small businesses with greater access to defense contracting opportunities, as well as extend such important programs as the SBIR and the STTR research programs. Finally, this conference report calls on agencies to provide cybersecurity resources to small businesses to protect themselves from cyber attacks which are becoming a greater and greater threat to businesses all across this country and really all across the world. I want to thank Chairman THORN BERRY for his hard work and his leadership. He has done a tremendous job in getting this crucial legislation finally across the finish line. I also want to thank all the members of the Small Business Committee. Many of the small business provisions included within this report came out of our committee with strong—if not unanimous—bipartisan support. Working together through regular order, we have been able to strengthen the small business industrial base which is so fundamental to the health of our Nation as a whole. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank all the members of Mr. THORNBERRY ’s committee for their hard work on this. It is really a job well done. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers other than myself to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I just want to make three issues, and some of them were raised during the course of the debate. First of all, I like a lot of what is in this bill. I think it is also important what is not in this bill. There were a number of issues that were extraneous to the actual business of national security that had been put in by one side or the other that, in conference, we were able to remove. One of the most prominent ones was one that was raised earlier, the so called Russell amendment having to do with the ability of companies and businesses that are receiving government contracts to discriminate. I was very much opposed to the Russell amendment. I am happy that we agreed to take it out. I just want to explain a little bit exactly what it is because it is really rather simple. All the President accomplished in this is that there already 
is an executive order saying: if you do business with the Federal Government, then you cannot discriminate against certain classes of people. I don’t remember all the different classes, but certainly one of the big ones is you can’t discriminate based on race. So in other words, if your religious tenets are racist—say, for instance, you don’t like Black people and don’t employ them and don’t want to do business with them—we, as the Federal Government, have decided that that is not acceptable, and we will not allow you to do business with the Federal Government. All this executive order did was add the LGBT community to those protected classes. So, basically, what we are saying is: not only is it not acceptable to be racist, but it is also not acceptable to be homophobic. I completely agree with that, and I would hope our country would get to the place where it would agree with that as well; that if you feel that you must discriminate against people simply based on their sexual preference, then we are not going to do business with you. That is a policy that, I think, we should have. That is what the executive order does. To reverse that in the Defense bill, I think, would be an abomination, particularly since we have made such progress within the Department of Defense. We have finally gotten rid of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell so that gay and lesbian people can serve openly in the military. They have served in the military for decades, and now they are allowed to serve openly. We have recently allowed transgender people to serve openly as well, which I think is a tremendous step forward. The Russell amendment would take us back. So, again, I really want to emphasize that all the executive order does is say that it is not all right to be racist and it is also not all right to be homophobic. I think that is a principle that we should stand for as a country. I want to further add that even within that executive order, there are many exceptions that already exist. Now, even though I am a lawyer, and even though lawyers have tried to explain this to me, I don’t fully understand all those exceptions, but religious groups are allowed to discriminate based on the tenets of their belief within the existing executive order that was already passed. So even though the people who were pushing the Russell amendment already have what they want—even though, in my opinion, they shouldn’t—there is no need to further emphasize the fact that we are going to allow people who do contract with the Federal Government to discriminate against the LGBT community. I think that is basically wrong and should not be allowed. The second point I want to make is on the money. We have heard over and over again about how underfunded everything is, and I get that. But we are spending $619 billion on the Department of Defense—far and away more money than any other country in the world, and we have been spending more money on defense for decades than any other country in the world. We ought to be able to build a military that can protect our national security interests for that amount of money, and not only should we be able to, we are going to have to because we are $19 trillion in debt. I forget exactly what the deficit is this year, but it is somewhere in the $500 to $600billion range. We have a President coming into office who is promising trillions of dollars in additional tax cuts. We also have a crumbling infrastructure in this country, and it is just as important that we maintain the strength of our country at home—that we have a transportation infrastructure, an education infrastructure, and a research infrastructure that continues to make us as strong as it is and that we have a national security apparatus that will protect our interests abroad. If we spend all of our money in tax cuts and defense, then we will wind up with a very hollow country. We have got to make some tough choices going forward, and I believe that we can meet our national security needs, frankly, for less money than we spend. There are greater efficiencies; there are programs that we don’t need to continue with. Those are the choices that we are going to have to make in the years ahead because right now we are planning on more programs and more national security than we could possibly have money for in the next decade. We cannot continue to duck the tough choices that get us a national security apparatus and a Department of Defense that we can actually afford that also provides for our national security. Lastly, I just want to close where I started and say that the product of this bill—I don’t know how many pages it is this year, but it is a lot—requires a lot of work, and the people you see sitting behind us are the staff that do that work tirelessly night after night. It is a yearlong process to put it together and to negotiate with the Senate to get there. We have the most outstanding staff that I can imagine. I want to make sure that we thank them for that incredible work that they do, not just for us but for the men and women who serve in the military. Again, I want to thank Chairman THORNBERRY . We work in a bipartisan manner on this committee, and, as many of you are aware, that is not easy. I have been here 20 years, and the country and this place have suddenly become more partisan. It has become more and more difficult to do anything, to pass any kind of bill where Democrats and Republicans actually work together. The National Defense Authorization Act is a shining example of the way the legislative process should work, and many people are to thank for that, but it all starts with the chairman. It all starts with Mr. THORNBERRY and also with Senator MCCAINon the other side being dedicated to the principle, number one, of bipartisanship—of working together—and, number two, to the absolute commitment that we will get our job done. Sometimes it takes until December. I think we went all the way up to December 16 a couple of years ago, so we are way ahead of schedule this year by those standards. Sometimes it takes a long time, but we always get it done, and it is a credit to those chairmen that we do. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge passage of this very important bill, and I thank the chairman again for his great work and all the staff for the work they did to make this possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I completely agree with the distinguished ranking member that to produce this bill requires a great deal of effort by a number of people, starting with him, other members of the committee, and other Members of the House. It is also essential that our staff, who support our work, be thanked, and he has done a great job of doing that. I agree with him also about the leadership of Senator JOHNMCCAIN, a man who, I think, is unique in the country’s military history at this point. His leadership, along with the ranking member, Senator JACKREED, has been obviously essential, not only in this bill but in Congress being able to fulfill its constitutional responsibilities. I know there are disappointments with this bill, Mr. Speaker. There are things that people would like to see in here, a lot of them not really core defense issues, but those matters had to be dropped to get this bill to this point. I am confident that the new administration will review the executive orders that the ranking member was talking about and that those unconstitutional restrictions on the First Amendment will be reviewed, modified, or repealed. All of that facilitated getting this bill before us today. I am also hopeful that the new administration will send us a supplemental request, because there are desperately needed modernization items from ships, airplanes, munitions, and other things that are not authorized in this bill but are needed desperately by our troops. So I hope—and I expect— that we will do better in the coming year to, again, fulfill our responsibilities under the Constitution. Mr. Speaker, I would just end with this: I believe the first job of the Federal Government is to defend the country. The Constitution puts specific responsibilities on our shoulders to raise, support, provide, and maintain the military forces of the United States. The most important part of that responsibility deals with the people, and this bill, if it is nothing else, supports the men and women who volunteer to 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Bass Becerra Blumenauer Capuano Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Conyers DeSaulnier Duncan (TN) Gabbard Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Honda Huffman Kennedy Lee Lewis Massie Nadler Pallone Pocan Polis Schakowsky Schrader Takano Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Aguilar Bishop (UT) Brown (FL) Butterfield Carney DeFazio Ellison Fincher Flores Garrett Hahn Jones Kirkpatrick Labrador Lofgren Love McDermott Nugent Poe (TX) Pompeo Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Vela Westmoreland Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for votes on Friday, December 2, 2016 because I was home in San Bernardino, CA to mark the oneyear anniversary of the terrorist attack in our community. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 600, the adoption of the Conference Report to accompany S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader, for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business, and no votes are expected in the House on Friday. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. The House will also consider H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016, sponsored by Representative BLAINE LUETKEMEYER , which specifies U.S. objectives regarding international insurance standards to ensure that our Statebased system is preserved. Additionally, the House is expected to consider the final Water Resources and Development bill as well as the continuing resolution to fund the government. b1145 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman knows, the current CR expires on December 9. He has announced the CR will be on the floor next week, and it is my understanding that December 9 may be our last day in session, so I presume we need to act before December 8. Does the gentleman have a perspective on the specific scheduling of the CR and when it will be on the floor? I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the Appropriations Committee is continuing to work on the CR, including the length of time and when. As soon as it is done, it will be posted. It is our intention to have it done next week, and it would be our hope that we could finalize it on Thursday. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to make a comment that I know the CR will be the vehicle. I know Mr. TOM COLE made a comment—and I have talked to him about it—with which I agree. I am disappointed, our side is disappointed, and I think some on your side with whom I have talked are disappointed that we were unable to do an omnibus appropriations bill which would reflect the work of the committee on our side and, indeed, the work of the committees on the other side of the aisle. A CR is not helpful to management, obviously, not knowing specifically what resources they will have available for the balance of the year. Very frankly, although there will be anomalies in the bill to reflect the changes from last year’s funding levels, they will undoubtedly not take care of a funding stream which will be appropriate for good management in the Federal Government. I would hope in the year ahead that we would certainly work toward having bipartisan appropriation bills done bill by bill. Both sides have had trouble 
doing that from time to time, but let’s hope that we can work toward that end. Because a CR, in many ways, is simply a failure; and forgetting about who is at fault or who is not at fault, it is a failure to operate the government in a way that is rational, reasonable, and most effective. So I want to make that comment. I know the gentleman agrees with me on trying to go through regular order, and it is unfortunate that we didn’t get there. I yield to the gentleman from California if he wants to say anything on that. I have another question. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentleman that we should go through regular order and get our appropriation bills done. It is our intention, as the gentleman knows from the new schedule coming out, especially loading more days in, to make sure, as we come back into the next Congress, that we start with appropriations and get that work done. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, as a constructive suggestion, I notice that the gentleman has scheduled—and I want to thank him for his communication with our office so that we could work together on trying to get the schedule together—we have four working weeks in June. As you know, essentially, the Appropriations Committee tries to get its work done by the end of May in terms of its bills—they don’t get all of them done by the end of May—so we can start moving them to the floor. I congratulate the gentleman for putting sufficient time in so that we can do that in June and July, so that all the bills, hopefully—the objective, I would suggest, ought to be to have all of the 12 appropriation bills sent to the Senate prior to the August break. I thank him for his schedule on that. Originally, March 31 was, as I understood, the CR date, but that is somewhat flexible now, I understand. Can the gentleman tell me what date he expects the CR to expire on? I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned earlier, the Appropriations Committee is continuing to work on the CR, and that would be including the length of time. The gentleman is correct that March was the date we were looking at. I believe that date will change. But as soon as discussions have ended and we are able to post, it will include the date of the length of the CR. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, one of the things that we are certainly very hopeful of—your office and my office were having a lot of discussions about that, as are Leader PELOSI and Speaker RYAN having a lot of discussions—is the WRRDA bill. This deals very critically with the Flint crisis that has been ongoing now for 2plus years. I am very concerned, although we apparently have an agreement on the dollar figure, can the gentleman tell me whether that dollar figure will, in fact, be appropriated within the structure of the WRRDA bill? I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I do want to thank the gentleman from Maryland for his work with his staff on this issue of the Flint crisis when we were dealing with WRRDA and the continuing resolution just short months ago. The Speaker and Minority Leader NANCY PELOSI are continuing to talk. It is our intention that it gets solved inside WRRDA, and we are hopeful that we can close out on that even today. As soon as it is finished, it will be posted as well. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, when you say within WRRDA, in the event that that does not occur, would the gentleman believe that we would deal with the assurance of the funding in the CR itself? I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, as soon as it is finished, we will be able to put it out. But it is our intention, on the work that we agreed to with Members on your side of the aisle—and I know Speaker RYAN has had discussions with him as well, and he feels very comfortable about where we are and with funding on that—as soon as we are able to finish that up, I think everybody will be quite happy with the outcome. I think this is a workon bothsidesoftheaisle compromise to find common ground to actually solve a problem. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to say to the gentleman from California that I appreciate the fact that our offices work together, that the Speaker and the leaders’ offices have been working together and that the committees have been working together. I would urge, however this money is appropriated—whether it is appropriated within the CR, whether it is appropriated in the WRRDA bill itself— that the money needs to be made available before we leave this week because this is an issue that has dragged on for too long and the people of Flint are still in dire distress, which is terribly unfortunate given the length of this crisis and the causes of this crisis, in some respects. Lastly, Mr. Leader, I asked this and you responded that December 9 was the date; but do you see any possibility of going beyond the 9th that we need to warn our Members about? We are hearing that both on the Senate side and on our side, that there is every expectation that next week will be the last week that we will be in session in the 114th Congress. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman knows better than I—he has been here longer than I—that we can always set a date, but Congress sometimes has a problem making that date. It is our hope that we can be finished by December 8, but no one can predict what happens on this floor, whether we have to be here longer. It is always my intention that Members understand, if the work is not done, we will not leave. So we will not leave until we get a continuing resolution done and get WRRDA done. I believe that the prior work that we have done working together—and knowing where both of them are right now—that we can finish this up and be done on time. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman mirrors my words. When people would ask me when we are going to conclude, I would say we are going to conclude when we finish our work. Now, finishing, I guess, one’s work is a subjective judgment; but certainly these two pieces of legislation need to get done, and hopefully we can get those done. If we don’t have a further week, this will be the last colloquy. I want to say to my friend that we have been able to work on a lot in the 114th Congress. We have had real substantive differences. We will continue to have those differences. But I look forward to working closely with the majority leader when, in fact, we agree, and when we disagree, to try to work constructively on trying to get to an agreement. This election has caused us, I think, some real challenges. The election itself was a challenge, and I know we will have a lot more to say on that afterwards. I want to thank the gentleman from California for the ability to work together and constructively on behalf of the American people where we have been able to do that. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment and congratulate the gentleman from Maryland on his reelection to whip. Hopefully, this is our last colloquy for the year, but you know as much as I know. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, well, I know how much you look forward to these colloquies. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, it is the highlight of my week. I look forward to the next Congress. I do enjoy working with the gentleman from Maryland, even when we disagree, because the gentleman is honest and forthright with his disagreements. The gentleman is willing to work where we do find common ground. We are going to have philosophical differences, but we are going to have the same commitment that we are going to try to find a way to move forward. At times, we are going to disagree; but those times that we do agree, we work very well together. I admire the gentleman. The gentleman works very hard when he disagrees, and that is just part of what I think the American people expect. We have got a lot of work to go before us. The election is over. I think it is time that this 
country comes together. We are going to have a lot of work. As the gentleman from Maryland knows, with the new schedule, Members are going to be here much more than they have been in the past, and we are probably going to be on this floor with legislation a little more than we were last year. I look forward to that and look forward to working with the gentleman on ways that we can work together. I wish the gentleman from Maryland a very Merry Christmas. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California and return that wish for a Merry Christmas. This is not our last week. We are going to be here next week, so maybe we will save that for then. I do look forward and the people look forward. This election has been a deeply troubling one for all sides in many respects. I think it is our responsibility to try to bring some degree of confidence to all of our constituents, whatever they believe, whoever they voted for, that we are going to move forward in a constructive, positive way to make America an even greater country than it is now. I yield back the balance of my time. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, DECEMBER 2, 2016, TO MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 2016 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, December 5, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
UNIVERSITY OF DETROIT JESUIT HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS PAY TRIBUTE TO VETERANS (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the students of University of Detroit Jesuit High School. They love this country, and they found a special way to pay tribute to our veterans. Young men and women of University of Detroit Jesuit are volunteering their time to serve as pallbearers for homeless veterans at Great Lakes National Cemetery in my district, the final resting place for local military members who don’t have families and are typically buried alone. The students have never met these veterans, but they have a genuine sense of patriotism and gratitude for what they have done for our country. Their mission is simple: to give the proper burial that every veteran— every person—deserves. Mr. Speaker, when no one else came forward, these young men and women stepped up to say thank you. Our district, our State, our country could not be more proud. Our veterans are the backbone of what makes this Nation great, and we owe them the deepest respect and gratitude, even at the end of their journey. So thank you to our men and women of the military, and thank you to the young men and women of University of Detroit Jesuit for honoring their service to our Nation. f 
COOL SCIENCE TOPICS (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to continue a series of 1minute speeches about cool science topics. Today I will be discussing applications of the National Science Foundation’s funded research into arctic species. In order to survive in the subzero temperatures of the Arctic, small organisms such as fish, insects, plants, fungi, and bacteria have evolved proteins that lower the freezing point of water solutions in order to protect themselves when temperatures drop. Studies of the proteins of these arctic species will aid in the development of aircraft deicing systems, cryopreservation of food, crop protection, frostbite prevention, and other innovations. These organisms and their ability to survive in extreme temperatures will yield information of great value to society. I applaud the NSF’s funding of such important research. 
b1200 HONORING OFFICER REGINALD GUTIERREZ (Mr. REICHERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, late in the afternoon on Wednesday, Officer Reginald ‘‘Jake’’ Gutierrez of Washington State’s Tacoma Police Department responded to a domestic violence call. Despite the potential danger he knew lay ahead, he went forward with courage and a resolute focus on saving lives, sadly sacrificing his own life in the end. Tragically, he was 1 of 133 law enforcement officers this year to die in the line of duty. That is a 20 percent increase, Mr. Speaker, over last year. Officer Gutierrez has served in law enforcement 17 years, and he is one of the few who accept the calling to serve. The men and women who wear the badge like Officer Gutierrez have continued to show resilience during difficult times and have maintained an unshakeable commitment to perform their critical mission of keeping our families safe and protecting our freedoms, whether we are relaxing at home or protesting in the street. Wednesday was no exception. During what became an 11hour standoff with the suspect, the Tacoma Police Department was assisted by many of its neighboring partners to ensure the surrounding area was secure. What is exceptional about this demonstration, Mr. Speaker, of bravery is that it is not exceptional at all. Men and women every day in this country walk out of their home wearing the badge and the uniform to protect our children, protect our communities, protect our kids at school. I ask all of us to keep our law enforcement officers in their prayers, Mr. Gutierrez’s family, and the Tacoma Police Department. f 
PUERTO RICO AND THE PRESIDENTIAL VOTE (Mr. GRAYSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on Congress to give the people of Puerto Rico the most basic of rights, the right to vote for our national leader. In all of the world’s democracies, Puerto Rico is the largest territory by population that cannot choose our national elected official. Threeandahalf million Americans in Puerto Rico have no say in who serves as President of the United States. Women and African Americans were once denied this basic voting right. Now it is American citizens who reside in Puerto Rico who suffer this disenfranchisement. The contradictions are painfully clear. Puerto Ricans participate in the Presidential primary process, they send pledged delegates to each major party’s convention, but they do not participate directly in the choice of President of the United States. If these same American citizens move to the mainland, they can quickly and easily help to elect our national leader, but they are denied this very basic right to help choose the President and Vice President merely for living where they do. The solution to this problem is a simple one, and we have accomplished it before. Fiftyfive years ago, the District of Columbia was granted electors to the electoral college with the passage of the 23rd Amendment to the Constitution. Like Puerto Rico now, the District of Columbia was not and is not a State. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent for an additional 30 seconds. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot entertain that request. Mr. GRAYSON. I will simply say we must give Puerto Ricans the right to vote for President. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO OWEN HOLMES ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. ROYCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Owen Holmes on the eve of his retirement from California State University, Fullerton. Dedicating his life to education, Owen has received the Robert and Louise Lee Collaborative Teaching Award, served as an education policy fellow at the Institute for Educational Leadership, and Owen was the inaugural awardee of the Edwin Crawford Award for Innovation. I have had the pleasure of working with Owen on many issues for CSUF over the years—gerontology, childhood obesity, the Strategic Language Initiative, water hazard mitigation, the advancement of teaching and learning in mathematics and science—all to help enhance the university’s education experience, and on the Cal State DC Scholars program and bringing students from the university here to our Nation’s Capital, where he orchestrated that effort. Throughout his over 30 years of service, he has touched the lives of thousands of students and improved government relations and advocacy at Cal State Fullerton. I am pleased to have had the opportunity to work with Owen over the years to help make CSUF one of the Nation’s largest and most inclusive institutions of higher education. Thank you, Owen, for dedicating your life to improving education. We wish you a happy retirement. 
CELEBRATING 150 YEARS OF GENERAL MILLS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 150th anniversary of General Mills, an iconic Minnesota company. In 1866, on the banks of the Mississippi River, a bold and ambitious flour mill was founded, immediately becoming one of the largest in the country. Then in the 1920s, the company recognized that the milling industry needed to adapt, and so it expanded its scope and its vision and was renamed General Mills, turning its attention to food and consumer products, and brands such as Cheerios and Betty Crocker were born, becoming staples in homes across the United States and the world. For 150 years, General Mills has made wonderful contributions to our great State. General Mills embodies the Minnesota spirit of hard work, innovation, perseverance, and generosity. They are an outstanding corporate citizen, representing the best of Minnesota and having an impact around the world. Mr. Speaker, as Minnesotans, we take great pride in General Mills’ success over the past 150 years, and we wish them continued success in the future with their leadership. f 
RECOGNIZING FILIPINO WORLD WAR II HEROES (Mrs. RADEWAGEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this minute to applaud the passage, by unanimous consent, of the Filipino Veterans of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act, which I was proud to cosponsor. I want to thank both Senator HIRONO  and Representative GABBARD for their efforts in seeing this measure get sent to the President’s desk. They did a fantastic job, and I could not be more proud to work alongside other women in Congress who work so hard for those they serve. This has been a long time coming, and I am happy to see that we are finally recognizing these heroes who helped the United States win the war in the Pacific. The countless sacrifices and efforts by those men and women of the Philippines who answered the call to arms in defense of the ideals and values we hold so dear can never be forgotten. With the passage of this important legislation, the people of the United States can finally say thank you to those brave men and women. I look forward to seeing the President sign this legislation into law and want to once again thank the men and women of the Philippines who fought alongside the United States in defense of freedom. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE NDAA (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, we are all very pleased to see the passage of the Defense Authorization Act today. This is how the process actually is supposed to work. The House and the Senate came together in conference to have a document that we can send to the White House. We urge the President, after previous veto threats, to pass this measure, to sign this measure so we can put these important priorities in place, such as stopping the decrease of our American troop levels— this has funding to do that; very importantly, finally, a 2.1 percent pay raise for our troops, largest in several years. Other good highlights of this include the stoppage of any funding to close down Guantanamo Bay, which helps keep us safe on American soil. We are not going to do anything to reduce the housing allowance. Instead, we will keep that in place for our soldiers and their families on base. There is much to be happy about with this. One of the things I am most happy about as a Californian is Cal Guard, the National Guard, will not be seeking to take back the bonuses. This has strong measures in it. My colleague, Representative DENHAM , and I sponsored a bill to do this. This has a lot of those pieces in that, in Mr. DENHAM ’s bill, to stop the required repayment of bonuses that were taken in good faith by our Guard members who served. A lot of good things about this. I urge the President to sign this. 
WEEK IN REVIEW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here, and, even after the voters have spoken, it is an honor to find when you and your positions actually don’t make you special, they just make you completely in accord with over 70 percent of your constituents, not including newspapers. The people have spoken, and, as President Obama referenced a number of times, elections do have consequences. What he failed to remember was, yes, but we had elections to Congress that also should have consequences. When we are accountable every 2 years, the President is only accountable every 4 years. At this time, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ), my friend. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I have had the opportunity to come on the House floor a number of times and give an update to this body about the profound impacts of the flood we had in August of this year in south Louisiana. Just to remind you of a few statistics, this was believed to be a 1,000year storm. There were trillions of gallons of water that fell in Louisiana. It was estimated to be about 31 inches of rain in about 36 hours in some areas of south Louisiana. That is more rain in 36 hours than the average American gets in a year’s time. If that were a snowstorm, Mr. Speaker, that would have been 25 feet of snow. We have been working now for months, working to try and make sure that we have an efficient recovery, make sure that these people can get back on their own two feet, that they can recover from this absolute tragedy that happened in south Louisiana, this onceinalifetime event. Starting out, Mr. Speaker, we saw unbelievable recovery, response, rescue 
activities, but it wasn’t by government. That was the amazing thing. This was the community coming together, rescuing themselves, cooking for one another, sheltering one another, clothing one another. This wasn’t government that came in and saved the day. While there were great first responders from our police departments and fire departments and others that came and helped out, the reality is, well over 90 percent of the response and rescue activities were done by other members of the community. They weren’t trained. They weren’t asked to do it. They just did it. So you saw a great spirit of recovery happening. Then what happened is the Federal Government stepped in and began taking over some of the sheltering, began taking over the recovery activities, and we have seen a complete stop. Here we are, over 100 days after this flood event, and FEMA is telling people that they may get a trailer unit in January or February. Mr. Speaker, it is wintertime. People are living in tents. I heard about a veteran over the weekend who is living in a car wash. We have people who are living in their stripped and gutted uninsulated homes, and they can’t get trailers. Mr. Speaker, there is a guy by the name of Darrell Whitehead who lives in Denham Springs, Louisiana. Mr. Whitehead has had a trailer sitting in his front yard for 5 weeks, a trailer that FEMA brought, and they couldn’t let him move in. He has stared at this thing for 5 weeks. I made phone calls, my chief of staff made phone calls, and we had other caseworkers in the office who made phone calls trying to get FEMA to simply get this guy in his trailer. b1215 Mr. Whitehead, already a victim of the flood, has been revictimized by FEMA by having a trailer sitting in his yard, not giving him a place to go for 5 weeks, and just having to sit there and be tortured because they needed a sink installed. Mr. Speaker, this is ridiculous. And this isn’t an isolated case. I can tell you case after case after case where this is the way FEMA has revictimized people flooded from this disaster. Another example is Sheriff Jason Ard in Livingston Parish. Sheriff Ard was very concerned about the high percentage of sheriff’s deputies that were flooded. He came in and he simply said: Look, we have got to get these deputies and their families in a safe, stable situation so they can focus not on having to figure out where their family is sleeping at night or what they are eating, but focus on law enforcement, focus on safety and security of the community that has been devastated by this flood. So he came to FEMA and he said: Hey, look, I have got a plan. I have got a trailer dealer who is willing to give us trailers—and don’t quote me on the numbers, but I am within the ball park—for $36,000. I will buy them back from you for $27,000 a year and you can find a piece of land. You can put all these trailers out. You can have a sheriff’s deputy group housing area. Instead, FEMA says: No. What we are going to do is get these deputies trailers not for a net of $10,000, roughly, as I explained, but for $100,000. That is how much FEMA is paying for these trailer units to buy them, store them, transport them—$100,000 versus the scenario that Sheriff Ard found for $10,000. I have spoken to the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Deputy Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Regional Administrator of FEMA. Nobody can figure out how to do this and they are all telling him no. So we have displaced deputies. We don’t have the proper law enforcement focus in the community because the deputies, appropriately, are worried about their family and where they are going to sleep and eat. We have got FEMA spending 10 times the amount of money that Sheriff Ard has found a solution for. What is happening is absolutely ridiculous. So, lastly, Mr. Speaker, in September of this year we did appropriate a down payment of money to help with the recovery efforts; and certainly it is a step in the right direction. As I have said several times, it is not anywhere near the level of funding that should be put forth for a costefficient recovery effort. We are going to end up spending more money by lowballing these numbers and having FEMA revictimize people for months here than if we had just appropriated the right amount to begin with. Right now we are negotiating a second tranche, a second payment. Under HUD rules, they are requiring that the funds focus upon low and moderateincome only. I want to be clear: low and moderateincome folks need help in recovering. What about the middle class? What about the upper class? What about the job creators? What about the businesses? Focusing only on low and moderate income begins a partial restoration. Flood waters didn’t recognize only one socioeconomic class, only one race. It flooded everybody. The recovery should treat everyone the same. We shouldn’t be splitting this up and only recovering certain folks. It is inappropriate. The State of Louisiana’s plan, in complying with the National Environmental Policy Act and overhead and administrative costs, is saying it is going to cost 30 percent of the money just to deliver this program. Complying with all these crazy rules, 30 percent of the money gets eaten up. That is crazy. These people are rebuilding homes that were right there, in many cases, within the same four walls that are there now. Why are we spending $100 million on environmental compliance? Who comes up with this stuff? It is further delaying people getting back into their homes. This is crazy, Mr. Speaker. We have got to have a more commonsense, appropriate process to recovery. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I just want to say that I have heard a lot of people in this country talk about how surprised they were with the outcome of the recent elections that we had. It is not a surprise to me that people are frustrated. What we are experiencing in south Louisiana today, being revictimized by FEMA, revictimized by the SBA in our recovery efforts, it is cause for extraordinary frustration. This is not what anybody in America wants— having to deal with a bureaucracy wasting money and taking months and spending 10 times to do what the local officials or our community could do for a fraction of the cost at a fraction of the time. People want government to be responsive to them. People want government to be efficient. We can do better than this. The election results didn’t surprise me. I ran because I was frustrated; and I understand the sentiment, unfortunately, more so than most right now, because watching the Federal Government absolutely screw up this recovery effort is revictimizing folks in south Louisiana. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I certainly appreciate my friend, Mr. GRAVES , bringing up a real problem. We have seen it in Louisiana—and not just in southern Louisiana, but other parts of Louisiana—with massive flooding. I am not even talking about Katrina, but there was a massive amount of waste in Hurricane Katrina that also affected my district in east Texas. I have a 120mile border that I share with Louisiana, and we have seen the same problems. We have had a massive flood of Caddo Lake, one time the largest freshwater natural lake besides the Great Lakes. A natural dam apparently was exploded years ago. It still is one of the great treasures of the State and our country. It had a massive flood. I was visiting in Karnack, Texas, last week with some of the local emergency people that are trying to take care of the issue. The local folks there in Harrison County are acting very responsibly, the local government is acting responsibly, but you have outrageous things like my friend, Mr. GRAVES , was talking about. One family got a loan to buy a new mobile home that wasn’t destroyed like the last one. With the flood, it had too much water. So they got a new mobile home and got the loan. Well, as we have heard with FEMA, in this case there were requirements that the mobile home be lifted up much higher. The elevation had to be much higher where it was. In the process of lifting it up, the mobile home fell and was completely destroyed. They still have to make payments on their mobile home for the loan, and they have no home. They were doing everything within 
their power to comply with the governmental requirements. There are other bureaucratic nightmares. I was hearing stories about how some of the churches in east Texas banded together. The Baptist men came in and did amazing work. Yes, I understand women, too. I think they call themselves the Baptist men. Anyway, they came in and did extraordinary work. When people didn’t have any plumbing, they had nothing, they brought in portable showers and restrooms and provided the help long before FEMA could get there and do what was needed. You hear people who were so affected by massive floods say: If we ever have another disaster like that, before we call FEMA, we are going to call the Baptist men. They come in and they get stuff done. They help people where it is, and they don’t care who you are, all of your background information. They see who is hurting and they help them. Well, that is the way it used to be, but then we became too reliant on letting the government fix everything. There were people in the Federal Government that realized that if we can make the Federal Government the ultimate insurer of everything—your school loans, your home, your flood insurance—we will start small, but we will work up until maybe one day we can even have the government behind everyone’s health insurance. If you really want to take away people’s freedom and you really want to have Big Brother government dictating every aspect of your life, the way to do it is to have the government ensure all those aspects of your life. Once someone has the right to pay in the event that you are harmed, then they have the right to tell you how to avoid them having to pay, and there goes your freedom. So the power of more insurance has come to the Federal Government. Many of us thought we could give up our liberty just for a little more security, but Benjamin Franklin, with all the wisdom that man had, understood back then that basically those who are willing to give up liberty for security deserve neither. For too long in this country, people have been giving up their liberty in order to get security only to find that they are not even secure, just like Mr. GRAVES was talking about. We thought, Gee, if we set up a Federal Emergency Management Agency to help take care of emergencies, it will be fantastic. If we set up a Corps of Engineers to help with our water projects, it will be fantastic. If we set up an EPA, or Environmental Protection Agency, to protect the world, the environment, it will be a great thing. But the longer these agencies exist, the less sensitive they are to what they were supposed to do. We found it right here in the Capitol. About 7 years ago, the Architect of the Capitol, who works for the House and Senate, had decided that we all work for him and he started making demands, one of which was that I could not cook ribs and share them with other Members of Congress, as I had been doing once a quarter. Most of the networks wanted to do stories on my cooking ribs and I said: No, we are not going to do a TV thing on this. This is just between the Members. Well, I am grateful that STEVE SCALISE got involved and I got P AULRYAN to help. The Speaker was able to persuade the bureaucracies here on Capitol Hill that we can make this work and have it safe if we work with each other and are able to get people to work together. Many of my colleagues tell me it is the best meat they have ever tasted. Some say they are the best ribs they have ever tasted. I have enough of my late mother in me that I enjoy cooking and enjoy people enjoying what I cook. It is probably the only time here on Capitol Hill when I actually leave a good taste in people’s mouths instead of a bitter taste. As we continue to see abuses by the Federal Government and we see abuses going on across the country, you think, Well, in the Federal Government, even though it has badly abused its authority, isn’t it supposed to protect us from other abuses? The answer is: yes, if they are federally related. Well, when you have the electoral college and electors elected as part of that system, it is critical that that be a protected system of voting, just as the Constitution would require and as the law actually requires. This story by Hans von Spakovsky and Jennifer Matthes says: ‘‘Before Donald Trump’s stunning victory on November 8, liberals called for acceptance of election results. But since the election didn’t go as they’d planned, some have taken to harassing and intimidating electors in an attempt to change the election results. Some of these threats may actually violate Federal law, yet the Justice Department acts strangely uninterested in investigating.’’ This takes us back to having people armed with billy clubs standing and trying to intimidate voters at their place of voting, and the ‘‘Department of Just Us,’’ which was supposed to be ‘‘Justice,’’ said: No, no, no, that is fine for them to do it. There are no problems with them doing that. b1230 If anybody else were to do that, yeah, we would probably go after them; but these are the New Black Panther Party, or such as that, so, yeah, it is fine if they do it. We have got to get back to being a nation where the laws are enforced evenly across the board. If the laws don’t make sense, like our own rules here on Capitol Hill, if things do not accommodate people fairly and equally, they are just arbitrary decisions like we got from the Architect of the Capitol when the Visitor Center was being built, or when people are just wanting to have a life up here, we should be stopping the bureaucrats and getting rules that apply across the board, fairly across the board. Yes, here we make the rules, and we should have rules that apply to everybody; but when you have an arbitrary dictator, they don’t get applied quite so evenly. Here we have the Justice Department, and this report of electors that are going to be voting very soon in the electoral college to elect the President, and their very lives are being threatened. Some of them have had to move their families. This Justice Department is not interested in protecting the integrity of the election. That is the problem we have been suffering for quite some time around the country. They were not interested in enforcing the law fairly across the board, so we end up all the worse off for it. This article goes on to say, in Georgia and Idaho, the threats have become so extreme that the secretaries of state both released statements calling for the harassment to end. I absolutely know, without doubt, that if Hillary Clinton had won the election, as the rules set it up, with a republican form of government—little R. Not the Republican Party, but a republican form of government, just as Ben Franklin said when he was asked after the Constitution finally came together with what most of the members of the Constitutional Convention said was divine providence, or the finger of God. Without the finger of God being involved, they could never have come up with that Constitution. Franklin says: A republic, madam, if you can keep it. So we had found, and our Founders had wisely, so many of them, sought truth in Scripture, a Bible that they used to argue positions; and they realized probably a complete, perfect democracy is not best for governing people because, if it is a true democracy, then the law gets changed on whims. If someone becomes the object of scorn and it is a true democracy, they are not governed by laws that we currently have in our Constitution which indicate you can’t have ex post facto laws. You can’t make a law criminalizing things after the act has already occurred. Our Constitution guarantees against that. Well, in a perfect democracy, there is no such ex post facto law. A majority can make a decision to criminalize conduct that previously occurred so that, when the person committed the act, they were not violating the law. They were acting in accordance with the law, and it was later changed. Of course we have had people violate the ex post facto law, like President Clinton shoved through, in 1993, taxes on Social Security, taxes on money that had already been earned under different rules of taxation. That was a 
surely protect President Obama from the Senate allowing anything that follows the law coming out of the House to enforce the law, the Senate will be able to stop it. So if Congress wants to cut off funding for what the President is doing illegally, the Senate Democrats will protect the President and protect his illegal conduct. So you won’t have to worry; you can do whatever you want. Amnesty was often granted by not even an executive order. It was granted by a series of memos by the Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson. He rewrote the law with memos. So it will be nice to get back to having enforcement of the law because this article yesterday from Paul Bedard says: ‘‘A United Nations mix of illegal immigrants are now flooding through the U.S.Mexico border, especially from Haiti and Pakistan, raising concerns of terrorism costing Americans billions, according to a new report and Senate testimony.’’ They have a quote here from my friend, Representative HENRY CUELLAR  from Texas, a Democrat, but a great man. He said: ‘‘It is because people from different parts of the world, Africa, Middle East, other parts of the world are now realizing that all you have to do is get to the southern border of the United States and there’s a process there you can claim a legal defense and you just get to come in. I mean, people, the smuggling organizations know exactly what they’re doing.’’ As the border patrolmen have told me during late hours and early mornings talking to them out on the border, the drug cartels control every inch of the MexicoU.S. border. They do so from the Mexico side, but they control what happens on the U.S. side under this administration. We saw routinely that there were groups that came across who were not threats criminally, but they either wanted jobs or they wanted U.S. welfare, and they knew that under this administration we would not turn them back and say: No, you cannot come in illegally. They would not interdict and enforce the law. They would say: Come on in. We have some questions to ask you before we give you a slip of paper, send you on your way or house you or, as some of the border patrolmen said, We end up sending them wherever they want to go in the United States. They call the Border Patrol logistics. They get them to our side of the border, and we ship them anywhere they want to go. So it is no wonder that we would have a request for this administration asking for billions more money to process folks. Another $2.2 billion was mentioned. I saw another article where it lists the different components that the administration wanted to do. If you add up all the different requests and different ways that this administration wants to use the money from American taxpayers, and it is to take money away from Americans who are here legally who are working and who are struggling to provide for themselves and their family, take their money away and give that to people who are coming in illegally. There was a law I found out about in England visiting with some of their social securitytype folks in their government. They have a law that you are supposed to be there for 5 years contributing to that social securitytype system for 5 years before you can ever make a claim for a dime of it. Now, I hear there are abuses of that system because they may not have the best control over it, but it is a system that we have in this country and some other countries. You are taking money from people that earned it and giving it to people who are breaking the law. If you do that long enough, that place that at one time was a shining light on the hill goes broke. The light goes out. Once that happens in America, as friends from other parts of the world have said: If you lose your freedom in America, the rest of the world has no chance. You will realize historically a United States of America where people will go fight for freedom, they will create strength, a strong economy in their own country, strong enough because they enforce the rule of law across the board and become strong enough economically that they will go shed their blood and spend their money to get freedom for people who are suffering under the forces of evil. Every now and then you have a President like Jimmy Carter who will say: Let’s get rid of the Shah. Then he welcomes the Ayatollah Khomeini who was, as he said, a man of peace which opened Pandora’s box. Radical Islamists had been put in a box for many decades, but President Carter was complicit in helping because he is a wellintentioned man, a good man and well intentioned—yeah, maybe a little antiIsrael, but he wanted to help folks. Out of his ignorance on radical Islam, he, for the first time in many decades, placed radical Islamists in charge of a massive military and a whole country. Since then, the world has been paying a very heavy price for what happened. So we have a job to do. We took an oath in this body to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. As Donald Trump was saying yesterday in Ohio: our devotion and our oath is to one country. We say a pledge to a flag. That used to be true. It used to be that people learned enough history. I love history. People like coach Sam Parker inspired me to love history. We learned it, and we knew what it took to keep a republic, madam, if we could. Because of Federal intervention in education, we have not helped our kids in suffering schools. We have made them subjects to this master Federal Government: You do what we say or we don’t send you any of the money you sent to us. We will fix up our offices, we will fix up a massive bureaucracy, and we will dictate to you from on high what we want done regardless of what Congress says. They are not as bad as the Corps of Engineers, the EPA, and the FDA have been recently; but they have really not helped. As I said to President Bush’s Secretary of Education—a very nice person. She had helped, I think, Texas schools when she was in Austin, but then she came here and disregarded the 10th Amendment and the Constitution that did not enumerate education as a Federal power. It was reserved to the States and the people. She began acting unconstitutionally. As I explained to her, you ought to come to Gladewater, Texas. There is an amazing school there that helps between 120 and 130 special needs kids. One of them, if he touches something shiny, he has had a big day, and you mandate that they have to do a test for that child. They had a child at the Saint Louis School in Tyler. They told her she needed to come visit because they had a goal that by the end of the year this young man would be able to stick a fork in a piece of food and get it to his mouth. The goal they believed was reachable, but because the Federal Government was involved and they say, You don’t get any of the money you sent us from Texas unless you do exactly what we say, that was not allowed. They allowed an alternative test that if he could point to a sticker that had a picture of food on it by the end of the year, then he would pass the test and that school would get back money from the Federal Government that those Texas taxpayers had sent to it to siphon off for whatever they wanted. So by the end of this year, that special needs young man—severe special needs—was able to point to a sticker that had a picture of food, but he could not feed himself. That is the kind of insanity that has only gotten worse over the last 8 years. I thought a silver lining to President Obama being elected President was at least he is going to end the No Child Left Behind Act because that would mean returning the power to the States and the people that knew what they were doing. A few years ago we were far higher in the studies of the capabilities of schoolchildren. We have dropped. We are not doing so well. There may be improvement in one year over another, but if you really want to leave no child behind, then you need to stop coddling the teachers’ unions and coddle the teachers by letting them do what they know is best, subject to local control. If they are not doing their job, you don’t have to go begging to Washington or a teachers’ union, you can go to the school board. If the school board won’t do the right thing, you can run against them, get elected, and then fix it yourself. b1300 When Sonny Bono in California ran up against a city manager that was so 
bigoted he would not let Sonny have the license to open his restaurant, that is how he got involved in politics. He found out who hired and fired the city manager—it was the mayor—so he ran for mayor, and the first thing he did was fire the abusive city manager. That is how a Republic system is supposed to work. It is a form of democracy, not a pure democracy, so that we can have ex post facto laws, and we can keep people from having their conduct criminalized after they committed it. But we have got to hit the ground running at the first of the year and start the process of trying to heal America. President Obama did not make the school system better; he made matters worst. We had a voucher program here in D.C. that minority kids—actually, it is the minorities are a majority here; minority elsewhere. These poor kids were suffering from a broken school system that had more than enough money to properly educate the kids, but kids were the victims of the bureaucracy. What else has this Justice Department done? Well, they have gone around and started up racial tensions where there shouldn’t have been. They stirred up rumors that, for example, if you are a Black young man in America, you are 20 times more likely to be shot than if you are a White person in America of that same age, which is simply not true. We saw in different parts of the country when we had a Black mayor or a Black police chief, he was not a racist, was not out to harm Blacks in America, but try to do justice by them. They ultimately found in most cases that had been brought, actually, the police were justified in what they were doing. Since police are composed of human beings, there are going to be some rotten apples. When I was a judge, I saw one every now and then—very, very rarely. But every now and then you did. And I would contend, from my experience handling thousands of felony cases, that the law enforcement officers I dealt with have a much tinier percentage of problems than the general population of America. When we find a police officer who is abusive, who is problematic, he or she should be punished. But after 9/11, America was jarred awake for the first time in decades and really began again to appreciate the job law enforcement officers have done for us to keep the peace, to allow us not to be beat up by a bigger bully on our block, but allow the law to be enforced more equally and fairly. It is never perfect. There is always room for improvement. People began to appreciate our first responders without contempt because they were stopping traffic. And they began to appreciate our military more because it was willing to go lay down their lives for their friends, for the people in this country, which Jesus said was the greatest love. And he absolutely knew. He laid down his life for us. But in the last 8 years, we have become so racially divided. The regret I have from going back to Mount Pleasant is how choked up I got going back to my old high school that was so good to me, did such a great job—publicschool educating me, my brothers, my sister. I loved Coach Willie Williams, and I saw him after so long and got a hug that just touched deeply. Somebody said: Did you take a picture? I didn’t even think about a picture. I wasn’t thinking picture. Here was a man that coached me, who would not put up with anybody using race. It didn’t matter to Coach Williams. He expected us to perform. I wish I had gotten a picture. I have got to do that. What a great man. Well, unfortunately, we have other information. There was a damning Department of Homeland Security report that exposed the administration’s claim that as many as 81 percent of people attempting to cross the border illegally were apprehended from the port. We found out that actually it is not anything like 81 percent. It may be more like 54 percent. Shockingly, the report’s authors find that the estimated apprehension rate between ports of entry in 2005 was only 36 percent—and that was 2005. It has not gotten better, even though tricks of adjusting the statistics have gotten more multiplied. We have got to defend our Nation, we have got to enforce the law, we have got to get this country back to being a shining light on the hill, instead of one overwhelmed by people who want to violate our law. They don’t want to do it, but failing to enforce our borders will eliminate our ability to be the most generous country when it comes to visas and legal entry. No other countries are massively larger in size—geographically in size or populationwise. No one awards more visas than we do—over 1 million. Yet, that will end up coming to an end with the failure to enforce the law. Particularly, there were problems in the Bush administration, the Clinton administration, the Bush administration before that, but it has just gone exponentially crazy over this administration, and we have got to get it under control. One other thing: I continue to hear some in America say the days of the United States being a manufacturing powerhouse are over. Well, I know from history—and apparently Donald Trump knows from just his business instincts—that if a strong country cannot produce the things it needs to defend itself and defend freedom, it will cease being a free country after the next significant conflict. It is just a fact. The Battle of the Bulge, so many don’t realize, even as late as that occurred in World War II, it had a good shot of prevailing and driving the Allied forces from the bulge in the middle out to the water’s edge. But one of the most fundamental problems was they ran out of fuel. Well, east Texas was the largest known reserve when it was discovered, and it provided plenty of oil. Our tanks had fuel, but, as we became more dependent on other countries, that became a problem. American ingenuity has allowed us to find more natural gas and more oil. Now we find out in west Texas natural gas is far cleaner, and I hope and pray, under Donald Trump, we will move to use more of that. If we don’t get back the factories— and we didn’t just lose them from the Rust Belt. I lost a lot of steel plants like Lufkin Industries. It got bought up by GE. They didn’t care about Lufkin. They weren’t going to sponsor any littleleague teams. They didn’t care. They just bought them up, took their patents. They told me their headquarters for that operation was in Italy, over in the Mediterranean. This is a company that doesn’t pay us taxes, but the head of it is close friends with the President. Well, it is time we got back to manufacturing steel in America, steel pipe in America, manufacturing what we need to make tanks, planes, cars, and buses. Do that here. It is time we got back jobs to make paper. We have renewable resources here we quit using. They are not sequoias. They are not redwoods. They are pine trees. They grow back every 20 years. You can find pictures of places in east Texas where there were no trees, and yet, after the timber industry came in, they became forested again. We can become great again, but we have got to be more responsible. We have got to protect our borders from those who want to do us harm and violate our laws. If we would do that, a 10 yearold little girl in my county would be alive today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 10. An act to provide for the consideration of a definition of antiSemitism for the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimination laws concerning education programs or activities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S. 2058. An act to require the Secretary of Commerce to study the coverage gaps of the Next Generation Weather Radar of the National Weather Service and to develop a plan for improving radar coverage and hazardous weather detection and forecasting; to the Committee on Science, Space and Technology. S. 3492. An act to designate the Traverse City VA CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Traverse City, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills 
of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3471. An act to amend title 38, United States Code to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 5111. An act to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes. H.R. 6297. An act to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1808. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other purposes. S. 1915. An act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, December 5, 2016, at noon for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H.R. 6424. A bill to require the National Institute of Standards and Technology to establish a premise plumbing research laboratory, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. S EWELL  of Alabama, Mr. HARPER , Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. H ILL, Mr. WOMACK , and Mr. A DERHOLT ): H.R. 6425. A bill to provide the force and effect of law for certain regulations relating to the taking of doublecrested cormorants to reduce depredation at aquaculture facilities and protect public resources; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 6426. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for a 2 year prohibition on employment in a career civil service position for any former political appointee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. C ARNEY, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. H URT of Virginia, and Mr. LUETKEMEYER ): H.R. 6427. A bill to improve the operation of United States capital markets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. BERA, Ms. HANABUSA , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. PETERSON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. YARMUTH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. LOWEY , Ms. K USTER , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. KEATING , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. NOLAN , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. MOORE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. PINGREE , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. MCGOVERN , and Ms. B ONAMICI ): H.R. 6428. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to limit Medicare part B premium increases for 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. W ILLIAMS ): 
H.R. 6429. A bill to amend the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 to include certain areas in the Central Texas Corridor; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. BENISHEK , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 6430. A bill to require the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to conduct an assessment of cultural and historic resources in the waters of the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 6431. A bill to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 6432. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor to monitor the trade deficits between the United States and other countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Mr. ZINKE, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. B RAT, Mr. YOHO, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. CHABOT , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. TIPTON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. LANCE , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mrs. WALORSKI , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. O LSON , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. R EED, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. STEWART , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. W ALKER, and Mr. S TIVERS ): H.R. 6433. A bill to render ineligible for Federal funds any institution of higher education that removes, censors, takes down, prohibits, or otherwise halts display of a flag of the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.J. Res. 105. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to treat Puerto Rico as if it were a State for purposes of the election of the President and Vice President; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. TAKANO ): H. Res. 940. A resolution expressing support for designation of December 3, 2016, as the ‘‘National Day of 3D Printing’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 704: Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 1151: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 1258: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 1283: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 1399: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 1733: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 2903: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 3084: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 3683: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 3713: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3742: Mr. GARRETT and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 4298: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 4595: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 4770: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 5067: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 5082: Mr. REICHERT and Mr. N EAL. H.R. 5310: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5947: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5999: Mr. FLORES , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. GIBBS, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. CHABOT , Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. N EAL. H.R. 6147: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. P OSEY , Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B EYER , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 6149: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 6208: Ms. MENGand Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 6340: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 6344: Mr. STEWART . H.R. 6421: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey and Ms. GRANGER . H.J. Res. 103: Ms. SPEIER . H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. COMER . H. Res. 831: Mr. PERRY . 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Honorable Faye D’Opal as she retires from a long and distinguished career as Marin County Superior Court Judge on December 31, 2016. First elected as Marin Superior Court Judge in 2004, Judge D’Opal served in the Felony and Civil Departments, Family Law, Probate, Conservatorships and the past two years as Presiding Judge of the Juvenile Department. She also served as the court’s Assistant Presiding Judge (2012–2013) and Presiding Judge (2014–2015) with distinction. Judge D’Opal’s legacy of community service began in rural Arkansas where she participated in the historic efforts to desegregate Little Rock’s public schools. She earned her bachelor’s degree from Hendrix College in Arkansas and a law degree from the New College of California, San Francisco. She spent 12 years in Latin America working for the Peace Corps, and became a publicinterest attorney. Renowned for her 2013, now historic decision on the death penalty that virtually stopped it in the state of California, Judge D’Opal’s career includes many additional legacies and positive impacts on others. From her work to establish a legal selfhelp center, to her advocacy for abused women for the Legal Aid of Marin, and her work as trustee of the Marin Community Foundation, Judge D’Opal has used her keen intellect to improve the quality of life for others less fortunate by supporting social justice and promoting fairness and equity for all. In all aspects of her life, Judge D’Opal has acted with principles and courage. As a leader and role model for the LGBT community, and throughout her professional career and extensive public service, she has set a fabulous example for women and young girls everywhere. Even as she is approaching her retirement from the Superior Court, she has been encouraging more women and minorities to get involved in the legal system. Her positive impact on our community will continue as a pro tem judge in juvenile law, and in her pursuit to eliminate domestic violence. Mr. Speaker, it is therefore fitting that we honor and thank the Honorable Faye D’Opal for her many good deeds, and wish her much enjoyment as she spends more time with her beloved partner, daughters and grandchildren, and hikes, bikes, and kayaks around the beautiful Northern Coast of California. REMEMBERING CHANCELLOR DEBRA SAUNDERS–WHITE HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Debra SaundersWhite, Chancellor of North Carolina Central University. Her death at 59, after a valiant battle with kidney cancer, is a tragic loss for the university and our state. My wife Lisa and I extend our condolences to the family of Dr. SaundersWhite, the North Carolina Central community, and her extensive network of colleagues and friends. Chancellor Debra SaundersWhite was a firstgeneration college student, which gave her insight into the obstacles many students and families face and a passion to overcome them. She also understood the opportunities that come with higher education, especially for lowerincome students. She was often found talking with students in the lunch hall or while walking around campus. Her warmth, the personal interest she took in students, and her courage in the face of adversity won the hearts of all who knew her. Dr. SaundersWhite began her career as Assistant Provost of Technology at Hampton University, where she later served as Chief Information Officer. In North Carolina, she first served at the University of North Carolina at Wilmington in the roles of Vice Chancellor of Information Technology, interim Associate Provost, and finally Chief Diversity Officer in the Office of Institutional Diversity. In May 2011, Dr. SaundersWhite moved to Washington, D.C. to serve as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Higher Education Programs in the Department of Education. On June 1st, 2013 Debra SaundersWhite was appointed by UNC President Tom Ross and welcomed as the first female chancellor of North Carolina Central University, one of the top Historically Black Universities in this country. During her time as chancellor, Dr. SaundersWhite led an era of growth for North Carolina Central University, cultivating a theme of ‘‘Eagle Excellence’’. Her legacy includes the expansion of a dual degree program with North Carolina State University, as well as a collaboration with Durham Technical Community College to allow more students to transfer to NCCU. Construction of both a new business school and student center will begin next year thanks to Chancellor Saunders White’s efforts. It is a tribute to her legacy that this year North Carolina Central University was recognized as ‘‘HBCU of the Year’’ by HBCU Digest. I join the North Carolina Central University and Durham communities in mourning the passing of Debra SaundersWhite, who set the university towards an even brighter future with her wise stewardship and strategic vision. We eagerly anticipate the new student center and will think of her every time we walk into it. Chancellor SaundersWhite combined professionalism and a collaborative style in a unique way, and I always enjoyed working with her. I especially admired her courage and determination in continuing to provide leadership throughout her battle with cancer. We join with her family, her many friends, and the students, faculty, and staff of NCCU, in mourning her passing and honoring her exemplary life. 
HONORING SENIOR RESIDENT SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE PAUL L. JONES ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to honor Senior Resident Superior Court Judge Paul L. Jones. Judge Jones has been committed to the state of North Carolina and the people of Lenoir and Greene Counties through his work as a community based lawyer, jurist, Army Reservist and his commitment to nonprofit organizations. Judge Jones is a proud graduate of historic Adkin High School in Kinston, North Carolina, Class of 1967. He received his undergraduate degree from North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University and his law degree from my alma mater, North Carolina Central University. Judge Jones and I were law school classmates in the Class of 1974. We were the best of friends in law school and our friendship has endured. Judge Jones work in the legal profession includes a variety of positions including his time serving as a staff attorney and Assistant Clerk of Court with the U.S. Supreme Court, a Judge Advocate Officer in the Army, supervising attorney for the North Carolina Central University Legal Clinic, managing attorney for Eastern Carolina Legal Services, and as a District Court Judge. When a vacancy was created for a Resident Superior Court judge position in 1999, Judge Jones was appointed to the Court and ran unopposed in 2000 and 2008, a position that he is now retiring. While on the Superior Court bench, Judge Jones was an officer of the North Carolina Judicial Council and a founding member of the Equal Access to Justice Commission. He was a member of the North Carolina Judicial Standards Commission for a fiveyear term, which included the role of vicechairman. In 2001, he was elected VicePresident of the North Carolina Bar Association. Before retiring as a Colonel in the Army Reserves in 2000, Judge Jones served as a Judge Advocate with the 108th Division IT in Charlotte, North Carolina. While serving, Judge Jones was awarded the Army Commendation Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, the National Defense Medal, and the Legion of Merit. 
While his commitment to the legal field and the military is commendable, it is noteworthy that he is deeply rooted in his native community of Kinston, North Carolina. Judge Jones has volunteered and been active on more than 20 nonprofit boards within Kinston for over 30 years and received the KinstonLenoir County Chamber of Commerce award of Citizen of the Year for 2013. Judge Jones is married to the former Edwina Link and has two children, Krystle and Erika. Judge Jones is a man of integrity, valor, and service. I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding my dear friend, Judge Paul L. Jones, and recognize his lifelong devotion to the people of Lenoir County and the State of North Carolina. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a man who has been an integral part of the Bronx and Westchester communities for more than four decades, Monsignor Edward Barry. Born in Washington Heights, Msgr. Barry traces his roots from County Waterford. He graduated from St. Anthony’s elementary school in Nanuet, NY in 1961 and then graduated Albertus Magnus High School in Bardonia, NY in 1965. In 1969, he graduated from Cathedral College in New York and then went on to St. Joseph’s Seminary. After being ordained in 1973, he was appointed Parochial Vicar at St. Patrick’s in Yorktown Heights, NY where he spent 7 years. As a young priest at St. Patrick’s parish in Yorktown Heights, he was a member of the Yorktown Interfaith Alliance and a member of the Yorktown Substance Abuse Advisory Board. In 1980, Msgr. Barry was appointed Parochial Vicar of St. Frances de Chantal in the Bronx, NY. Following 6 years at St. Frances, he was appointed in 1986 as Executive Director of Youth Services and CYO for the Archdiocese of New York. From 1986–1991, he served as Chairman of the Board for the Kennedy Center in NYC and Chairman of the Board of Head Start at the Spellman Center in NYC. In 1991 Msgr. Barry became pastor of St. Charles Borromeo in Dover Plains where he spent the next 13 years during which he was appointed Honorary Prelate. In 2004 he moved to become Dean of the Northeast Bronx Deanery and assigned as Pastor of St. Barnabas in the Bronx, before returning to Yorktown Heights. Msgr. Barry’s faith and devotion have served as a guiding light to countless men and women over the years. This year, the American Irish Association of Westchester is honoring Msgr. Barry at their annual dinner dance. They could not have picked a more deserving honoree. Congratulations to Msgr. Barry on receiving this wonderful recognition, and my thanks to him for all he has done to better his and our community. GIRL SCOUT GUSTALINE SAMBA EARNS GIRL SCOUT GOLD AWARD HON. PETE OLSON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Gustaline Samba of Fort Bend County, TX, for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. The Gold Award is the highest achievement a Girl Scout can earn. To earn this distinguished award, Gustaline had to spend at least 80 hours developing and executing a project that would benefit the community and have a longterm impact on girls as well. To do this she created ‘‘Project Cycle Safety Shield,’’ which addresses bike safety in her community where students often ride their bikes to school. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Gustaline Samba for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. We are confident she will have continued success in her future endeavors. We are very proud. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of William T. Brown of Fayetteville, North Carolina, a committed advocate for civil rights and educational excellence. His place in history was secured by his leadership during the integration of Cumberland County schools, one of the largest and most diverse school districts in the state of North Carolina. Mr. Brown passed away on November 14 at the age of 87. My wife Lisa and I wish to extend our deepest condolences to his family, friends, and colleagues. A North Carolina native, William T. Brown graduated from North Carolina A&T State University in 1948 and North Carolina Central University in 1954. Mr. Brown also pursued graduate degrees at Columbia University and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. In 1955, Mr. Brown moved to Fayetteville and began teaching science at E.E. Smith High School. After leading Ferguson Elementary School, he served as principal of Washington Drive Junior High School from 1963 to 1971, where he oversaw the process of integration almost a decade after the landmark Supreme Court case, Brown v. Board of Education. In 1971, Mr. Brown became principal of E.E. Smith High School. It was during this pivotal year that white students began attending the historically black high schools in Cumberland County. During this time, Mr. Brown emphasized to students and parents that their success in breaking down barriers would be remembered long after the racial backlash had subsided. A career educator, Mr. Brown later became assistant superintendent and associate superintendent for Fayetteville City Schools. He retired in 1992 and served as special assistant to the chancellor at Fayetteville State University until 1995. He was then appointed to the University of North Carolina Board of Governors and served as trustee emeritus at Fayetteville State University. In 1994, the Cumberland County Board of Education named William T. Brown Elementary in Spring Lake, North Carolina, the county’s first yearround school, in his honor. In 2014, Fayetteville State University named a Distinguished Professorship in Economics in recognition of his many contributions. The Fayetteville community and the State of North Carolina continue to benefit from William Brown’s contributions to public education, desegregation, and expanded opportunity. He was a revered leader in the community, and his tireless efforts helped provide a better future for the people of Cumberland County, the Fourth District, and North Carolina. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brooklyn resident Shaya Gutleizer’s ceaseless devotion to his community. Born and raised in Brooklyn, Shaya knew as a child that he wanted to be a first responder like his father when he grew up. In fact, he signed up to be an Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) when he turned 18 and received his certification shortly after. When he wasn’t saving lives on the clock, Shaya was giving his time working with multiple volunteer ambulance services. As an EMT, Shaya was responsible for numerous prehospital saves, which involves reviving individuals who are clinically dead. Due to his heroism, Shaya has been honored at various secondchance brunches, events where the honoree is thanked by the person he resuscitated. Moreover, Shaya Gutleizer has not been afraid to put his life on the line in service to others. On September 11, 2001, Shaya rushed to the World Trade Center and remained there for several days to assist with the rescue efforts. Soon after, he decided to serve his country further by enlisting in the Army. However, due to the conditions he encountered at Ground Zero, Shaya developed breathing difficulties and received a medical discharge. After finding out how many fellow 9/11 first responders were developing health issues, Shaya became a tireless advocate for the passage and permanent extension of Zadroga health benefits for the courageous heroes, such as himself who risked their lives on that fateful day to save others. Mr. Speaker, Shaya Gutleizer’s devotion to serving his fellow man and saving lives reflects the good in each of us. This country is great due to individuals like him, and I am proud to take this moment to honor him. 
RETIREMENT OF MARY ANNIE HARPER FROM THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and tremendous gratitude that I express my deepest appreciation to my Chief of Staff, Mary Annie Harper, for her more than 29 years of incredibly loyal service at my side on behalf of South Jersey residents. In May 1987, Mary Annie joined in helping me as my Chief of Staff as I started my freshman term as a member of the New Jersey General Assembly. For almost three decades I have relied daily on her invaluable insights and sound judgment. She has helped me remain focused and motivated, reminding me daily to stay grounded and always remember my South Jersey roots. Her clear passion for public policy and politics is evident to anyone who has worked with her. Without any hesitation I can say that there will never be another Mary Annie Harper in my office or my life. Her heart and humor will be two of her many character qualities I will miss going forward. On behalf of all of the residents of South Jersey, the staff and myself, I wish Mary Annie a very rewarding and welldeserved retirement and thank her both for her steadfast friendship and loyal service to South Jersey. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, during the votes held on December 2nd, 2016, I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted YES on Agreeing to the Conference Report to Accompany S. 2943, and YES on Approving the Journal. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 1, 2016 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, my office was overwhelmed with phone calls in the days following the election. DACA recipients, their friends, and their family were afraid: Will I be deported, they asked. Will my cousin be deported? Will my friends be deported? I know these questions were not just being uttered in Southern Nevada. People were asking them in living rooms, kitchens, restaurants, schools, and countless other places across the country. For our DREAMers and their loved ones, the fear and anxiety will continue if we don’t responsibly act to reform our broken immigration system. Since the election we’ve heard very little from the incoming administration about what’s actually going to happen once President Obama leaves office. That is why I recently held an immigration advocacy roundtable with local community leaders like The Legal Aid Center of Southern Nevada, UNLV, the Latin Chamber of Commerce, and other local officials. We wanted to let families know that despite the uncertainty, we are here to help them. Together, we want to change the tone that we heard from Donald Trump during the election. After months of disgraceful speeches about walls and deportations, Trump and his administration must now deal with the gravity of the situation. It’s time they acquaint themselves with the young men and women who have been able to work, go to school, contribute to the tax base, and live life without fear of being thrown out of the country they call home. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Marta I. Bookbinder, an outstanding educator, communicator and counselor, who is retiring after 17 years as the Collaborative Projects Coordinator of the adult and youth programs at the Community Learning Center in South San Francisco. Marta is the last original founding member of the Community Learning Center which opened doors to countless preschool to adult learners. CLC is a program of the South San Francisco Public Library in the heart of the historic downtown area, easily accessible to the great number of immigrants from around the world. The center is an irreplaceable gem of the community and a perfect reflection of the values Marta has embraced her entire life and career. In close partnership with the school district, CLC offers English and computer classes and Spanish language literacy tutoring for adults and homework help classes for elementary school students from the surrounding schools. Adults learn to maneuver education, health, transportation, employment, financial and voting systems, giving them the tools to help themselves and to make progress. Having completed her own education in the U.S. and Latin America, Marta was perfectly positioned to become a global educator. She holds an M.A. in Counseling Psychology, a B.A. in International Relations, an A.A. in English and Psychology and a teaching credential for English as a Second Language, Citizenship and Conversational Spanish. She is fluent in English and Spanish and competent in Italian. Marta began her career as a program assistant at the job placement and career center at Skyline College in 1989. She moved on to the College of Notre Dame as a staff assistant in 1993 and to the Family Council of Half Moon Bay as the director of parent services in 1997. While she held that position, she also became an adult education instructor at the Cabrillo Unified School District. From there she moved on to the San Mateo Union High School District in 1998, and to the South San Francisco Unified School District in 1999, teaching adult education. She will continue her work as an instructor and CBET coordinator of adult education at the South San Francisco Unified School District. Marta never ceases to develop innovative ideas to improve the lives of others, a fact noted in the community. She has received numerous awards including the Employee of the Year and the Mayors Diversity awards from the city of South San Francisco, the San Mateo County Governing Board Association KENT Award for innovation in educational programs, the Julie Billiart Alumna Award for outstanding community service from Notre Dame de Namur University, and the KQED & Kaiser Permanente Bay Area Local Hero Award. In her welldeserved retirement, Marta is looking forward to spending more time with her husband of 45 years, David N. Bookbinder, and their two daughters, Tamara and Tatiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of the House of Representatives to join me in honoring a friend and colleague, Marta Bookbinder, for creating empowering programs at the Community Learning Center that have turned hundreds of lives around. She is a role model for teachers in South San Francisco and beyond. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Patrick Mitchell. Pat, a Yuma, Arizona native, dedicated his life to public service. He graduated from the University of Arizona and received a law degree from Arizona State University. He served the City of Phoenix as a member of the Public Employees Relations Board and was appointed special assistant attorney general for the State of Arizona, Department of Health. Pat was a trusted advisor to many, working on presidential campaigns for Kansas Senator Gary Hart and Iowa Senator Paul Simon. He joined former Arizona Senator Dennis DeConcini’s staff where he handled constituent and policy issues for 13 of Arizona’s 15 counties. Pat also served as a political advisor to former Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano and Congressman Mo Udall and as chief of staff to New York Congresswoman Louise Slaughter. I am thankful for Pat’s dedication to service and appreciate his determination and willingness to make our state and country a better place for all Arizonans. Please join me in honoring his memory. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a symbol of volunteerism for all of Yonkers: Helen Ann Henkel. For over forty years, 
Helen Henkel has affected hundreds of thousands of lives in Yonkers and beyond; through her selfless commitment to improving her community. It is an honor to recognize her service at her retirement honoring. Born and raised in Yonkers, Helen is the daughter of Ann and Otto Rogewitz, and the proud granddaughter of Ukrainian and Polish immigrants who came to this country at the turn of the century and settled in Yonkers and HastingsonHudson, New York. After earning her diploma from Yonkers High School of Commerce, Helen earned a degree in Business Administration from Westchester Community College. Helen has been a motivating force for a great many Yonkers institutions, including the Exchange Club of Yonkers, the Enrico Fermi Educational Fund, and the Yonkers Board of Ethics, all of which she served in a leadership capacity. She has also been intimately involved in other organizations in the neighborhood, including the Yonkers Historical Society, Untermyer Performing Arts Council, Westchester Pulaski Association, Friends of Phillips Manor Hall, Sherwood House, Yonkers YWCA, Yonkers Beautification Conservancy, and Piper Theater Productions, just to name a few. For her selfless service, Helen has received multiple awards and recognitions, including the 2013 Yonkers Woman of Distinction Award, the 2013 Yonkers Police Commissioner’s Award, the 2009 Woman of Excellence Award, the Yonkers Chamber of Commerce Women in Business—Above and Beyond Award, and has also been bestowed the Key to the City of Yonkers. Helen has done so much good for Yonkers community, and indeed the world, that it is hard to fathom the true scope of her impact. I want to wish Helen congratulations on her wellearned honor and thank her for all she has done on behalf of the people of Yonkers. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the City of Richmond, TX, for receiving the Community of the Year award from the American Planning Association—Texas Chapter (Texas APA). Richmond received this award due to its outstanding planning tools it adopted to prepare for the city’s growth. Without submitting an application for the award this year, Richmond won anyway thanks to their impressive planning efforts that caught the attention of the Texas APA. Over the last year and a half, Richmond leaders have adopted three different planning tools without an existing internal Planning Department. The Texas APA’s goal of rewarding cities with significantly notable contributions to planning projects, made Richmond a clear choice. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to the City of Richmond, TX for receiving the Community of the Year award from the Texas APA. We look forward to seeing your growth. GREAT LAKES MARITIME HERITAGE ASSESSMENT ACT HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Great Lakes Maritime Heritage Assessment Act, an important bill to promote and preserve the sunken treasures of the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes have an amazing naval history which is unknown and unseen by too many Americans. Steamboats on the Great Lakes provided a route west for immigrants as they settled what was then called the Northwest Territory. As cities grew, Great Lakes ships and barges carried the timber, coal, and ore that fueled America’s industrial might. As commerce increased, so too did the number of ships which succumbed to the unpredictable and sometimes foreboding weather on the Lakes. Today, thousands of shipwrecks are scattered across the floor of the Great Lakes, including the remains of one of America’s first great naval victories, the Battle of Lake Erie. Despite this amazing heritage, only one marine sanctuary exists in the Great Lakes. The Thunder Bay Marine Sanctuary, located in Lake Huron off the coast of Alpena, Michigan, has been a major economic driver for the area, spurring tourism, research, and educational opportunities. This bill builds on the success of Thunder Bay by setting the stage to establish additional sanctuaries across the Great Lakes. It directs the Administrator of NOAA to identify underwater areas throughout the Lakes that possess significant historical and archaeological resources and recommend whether they should be designated as National Marine Sanctuaries. Preserving the cultural legacy of our region is an important component of caring for our Great Lakes. Marine sanctuaries will protect this history while providing the additional benefits of driving economic development and providing jobs to our region. I look forward to working with my colleagues to achieve these goals. 
SUPPORT OF FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION WE DON’T SERVE TEENS INITIATIVE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address underage drinking, a public health and safety issue that is often lost in the pile of other stories in our 24hour news cycle. Back in 2005, the Federal Trade Commission initiated a consumer education program to reduce underage drinking called ‘‘We Don’t Serve Teens.’’ It is a valuable resource to raise awareness among parents, educators, and other adults that furnishing alcohol to minors is illegal and irresponsible. The program also encourages commonsense measures to further reduce illegal underage drinking and the dangers caused by teens who drink illegally and to the general public. Over the last several years, I have checked with credible sources to see how we are doing as a nation on addressing underage drinking. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) indicates that progress has continued for more than a decade in reducing underage drinking, but it remains a serious public health problem for adolescents and young adults. SAMSHA surveys find that significant numbers of younger persons between the ages of 12 and 14 drank alcohol in the month before they were surveyed, and that more than 90 percent obtain alcohol from their own home, the home of a friend, or an adult family member. Those findings clearly indicate the importance that family members can play in reducing young adolescents’ access to alcohol and the associated risks of injury and the early onset of serious health problems. Recent information on highway deaths from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is very discouraging for adults and teens. Highway deaths increased in 2015 as did deaths from drunk driving. More than 10,000 Americans were killed in drunkdriving accidents, and younger drivers are a large portion of that terrible and preventable toll. Tens of thousands of people were also injured, including many young people who will be scarred or disabled for life. Underage drinking is illegal and persons under the age of 21 are subject to arrest, fines, and license suspension for possession of alcohol beverages or driving after consumption of a single drink. This issue is often overlooked in stories about the criminal justice system. Thousands of young people get a criminal record and driver’s license history that will prevent them from obtaining many jobs that involve driving or that require a clean record. In addition to the risk of injury and death, experimenting with alcohol can cause a young person permanent economic harm. A substantial proportion of college students are under the age of 21. They face significantly higher risks than their noncollege peers of injury or death from assault, car crashes, and other accidents after illegally consuming alcohol. This behavior must be challenged. Our best and brightest students, many of whom attend publicly supported schools and receive government grants and subsidies, have to do better. For the last eleven years, members of the alcohol beverage industry have actively supported the We Don’t Serve Teens initiative. Constellation Brands Beer Division and many retail stores in Chicago have made longterm commitments to underage drinking prevention in the district I represent and surrounding communities. Over the last couple of months, they sponsored electronic billboards, bus shelter signs, and media messages to promote the We Don’t Serve Teens message. Other companies made similar efforts in their home cities. I commend those efforts. I also ask all adults and teens to work together to further reduce the tragic consequences of illegal underage drinking. All of these hazards are preventable. As we approach the holiday season celebrations in our homes and elsewhere, I urge all adults to set an example of responsible behavior and compliance with laws designed to ensure the safety of our citizens. With a sincere commitment of parents, guardians, and 
concerned citizens to remain involved in the lives of our teens, we can all get home safely and to enjoy special holiday occasions together for years to come. 
JANIECE LONGORIA NAMED 2017 MARITIME PERSON OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Janiece Longoria of Houston, TX, for being named the 2017 Maritime Person of the Year by the Greater Houston Port Bureau. Janiece was recognized for her leadership and accomplishments in the Port of Houston. In 2013, she was unanimously appointed as Chairman of the Port Commission by the City of Houston and Harris County. Since her tenure began, the Port of Houston Authority has reached a historic high of handling more than 2 million loaded container units, increased revenue, made infrastructure investments, and worked on projects to keep the Houston Ship Channel deep and wide. Her enthusiasm and dedication to the Port of Houston have made the port competitive internationally and a continued boost to the Houston economy. Janiece’s stellar accomplishments also previously earned her the Distinguished Alumnus Award for the University of Texas, the 2008 Sandra Day O’Connor Award for Board Excellence, Female Executive of the Year Award from the Houston Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, recognized as a ‘‘Breakthrough Woman,’’ and inducted into the Hall of Fame by the Greater Houston Women’s Chamber of Commerce. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Janiece Longoria for being named the 2017 Maritime Person of the Year by the Greater Houston Port Bureau. She has done so much for the Port of Houston and the Houston area and makes us proud. We look forward to seeing her continued success. 
IN MEMORIAM: PRIVATE FIRST CLASS DANIEL HUNT, FEBRUARY 10, 1933–SEPTEMBER 28, 1951 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Private First Class (PFC) Daniel Hunt. PFC Daniel Hunt served our country as a member of A Company, 1st Battalion, 9th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Infantry Division with the United States Army. Daniel was born February 10, 1933 to Ownie and Lillie (White) Hunt, the youngest of 17 children. Daniel and two of his brothers, John and Charles, served in the Korean War. Daniel never returned. PFC Daniel Hunt was killed on September 28, 1951 while serving his country on Heartbreak Ridge in South Korea, where his remains were recovered earlier this year. Daniel was missing in action for over 65 years and is going home to Arizona to be buried with full military honors. I am incredibly thankful for PFC Daniel Hunt and his family’s sacrifice to our country. Daniel is survived by his many nieces and nephews. Please join me in honoring his memory. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine and a pillar of the community, Ms. Laura Kornfeld, who on October 11, 2016 is celebrating her amazing 90th birthday. A first generation American, Ms. Kornfeld graduated from Tilden High School in Brooklyn and was the first person in her family to attend college. She received her Bachelor’s degree from Hunter College and later served as an officer on the Alumni Board of Columbia University Teachers College, the same institution where she received a Master’s Degree in Adult Education. Ms. Kornfeld founded Academic Advisory Service, a company that assisted women new to the job market. She served on the New York State Advisory for Women and the League of Women Voters, Professional Womens’ Caucus and the National Organization of Women. In Rye, Ms. Kornfeld has been active in a wide array of organizations and a strong supporter of education and racial equality. She has been on the Board of Carver Center in Port Chester, supporting ‘‘grassroots organizers and advocates for the minority community in Port Chester’’. She served as President of the PTA for the City of Rye Schools, as well as on the board of Kids Space, a childcare and enrichment program for school children. She spearheaded Rye’s campaign to pass the Equal Rights Amendment and attended the International Women’s Year Conference in 1985 in Nairobi, Kenya. Of course, Ms. Kornfeld’s main love has always been family. Married to career Naval officer Leo Kornfeld since 1947, they have been residents of Rye, NY since 1957. They have three grown children, Melanie, Hank and Nancy Danielle. Ms. Kornfeld has led an amazingly full and active life. She has been a great member of the community, who has always given her time and effort to the issues that have made her neighborhood stronger. Congratulations to her on her 90th birthday. 
MEMORIAL HERMANN SUGAR LAND HOSPITAL RECEIVES MALCOM BALDRIGE NATIONAL QUALITY AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Memorial Hermann Sugar Land Hospital for receiving the Malcom Baldrige National Quality Award. This prestigious award is given by the U.S. Department of Commerce through the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). It is the nation’s highest Presidential honor for sustainable excellence through visionary leadership, organizational alignment, systemic improvement and innovation. Memorial Hermann Sugar Land Hospital received this award thanks to ranking among the top 10 percent for its emergency center arrivaltodischarge time, compliance with regulations to reduce medication errors, bed turnaround times, radiology and laboratory result turnaround times, and the use of computerized physician order entry. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Memorial Hermann Sugar Land Hospital for receiving the Malcom Baldrige National Quality Award. We all benefit from their commitment to quality healthcare and we thank them for their hard work to keep Houstonians healthy. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Wayzata Boys Cross Country team for winning the Minnesota High School State Championship. The Trojans capped off their championship season with a strong team finish. Wayzata, led by junior Khalid Hussein, had five runners placing among the top 22 finishers in the state championship race. The diligence of each individual runner as well as the dedication of their coach, Mark Popp, is responsible for this teamwide success. Everyone knows that cross country requires countless hours of practice and preparation. It’s a sport that requires both mental and physical endurance and these outstanding studentathletes should be commended for their excellence. Balancing school and athletics is not an easy task. It takes focus. It takes dedication. And, it takes hard work both in and out of the classroom as they continually make strides to improve their craft. The families, teachers, friends, and the entire community are very proud of the Wayzata Boys’ Cross Country team. Congratulations on being state champs. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I unfortunately missed a vote during a vote series on 12/1/16. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call No. 594. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the brave men and women who protect us every day as members of law enforcement are truly New York’s Finest. For the last 20 years in Westchester County, The Westchester Hispanic Law Enforcement Association has dedicated itself to making a difference in the community, by paving the way for the future leaders in law enforcement who will someday serve and protect their communities with great honor. The Mission of the Westchester Hispanic Law Enforcement Association (WHLEA) has been to ‘‘build an organization that will withstand the test of time.’’ The pledge of their founding members to make a difference has been lived up to for two decades by members who work tirelessly to improve conditions for those less fortunate. The Association prides itself on representing those who for too long have remained disenfranchised, and left to do for themselves. Their commitment to keeping vigil over those in our communities whose voices and concerns have all too often fallen upon deaf ears has left a lasting impact on the lives of countless people. Above all though, the Association’s mission is to pave the way for future generations, sons and daughters who someday may choose the Honorable profession of law enforcement as a way of serving their communities. By working to inspire, instruct and create the future leaders of law enforcement throughout Westchester County, the WHLEA has provided a great service to the community. Congratulations to their members on 20 years. 
SAN JACINTO COLLEGE TOP CONTESTANT FOR COMMUNITY COLLEGE AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate San Jacinto College of Houston, TX for being named a top10 finalist for the 2017 Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence. The Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence has nominated the topnotch community colleges in the country regarding student learning, certificate and degree completion, employment and earnings for graduates and accessibility and success of minority and lower income students. San Jacinto was recognized because of its extreme focus on supporting and working with students to ensure they are the most equipped to find a job and prepare for life after graduation. Between 2007 and 2015, the number of certificates and associate degrees San Jacinto College has awarded has increased by an impressive 140 percent. The winner of the $1 million prize will be announced in March. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to San Jacinto College for being named a top 10 finalist for the Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence. We are very proud of their strong commitment to prepare students for life after graduation. Keep up the good work. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Bruce Mulhearn on his 50th Anniversary in the real estate industry and helping individuals, families, and businesses to achieve the American dream. Mr. Mulhearn immigrated to the United States via New Zealand in 1958. After working in leather tanneries and pipe manufacturing plants, he obtained his realty license and began work for the Apple Valley Land & Development Co., selling vacant home sites in the High Desert, California. Thereafter he served honorably in the United States Army for two years. In 1967, Bruce and his wife Tomazina opened Bruce Mulhearn Inc., Realtors in a 600 square foot office and began their journey to build a company. The company grew to eight offices and several hundred agents, and by 1969, Mr. Mulhearn founded Castlehead Escrow Company as an insurance brokerage, a real estate school, new home development and a mortgage brokerage operation. Within twenty years the company was one of the leading firms in all of Southern California. He went on to become a Senior lecturer for both the National Association of Realtors and the California Association of Realtors. Mr. Mulhearn was deeply involved in creating the Certified Residential Broker and Certified Residential Specialist designations for the industry. The company continued to grow and prosper adding various affiliates and branch offices. In 2014, a merge resulted in the creation of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices California Properties, with Bruce Mulhearn still the President and with his joint venture owners operating over twenty offices, doing business in five counties with thousands of transactions per year. After weathering five economic storms during that time frame, with interest rates soaring to as much as 24 percent including the Great Recession most recently, this is indeed a remarkable enterprise. I applaud Mr. Bruce Mulhearn on his vision and on creating opportunities for many others within the real estate industry. I am delighted to join in celebration of this important 50th Anniversary milestone. 
HONORING THE 80TH ANNIVERSARY OF CHI ST. JOSEPH HEALTH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 80th anniversary of the founding of CHI St. Joseph Health of Bryan, Texas, and the 100th anniversary of the Sisters of St. Francis of Sylvania, Ohio. CHI St. Joseph Health is a healthcare leader in the Brazos Valley, drawing upon the rich legacy of the Sisters of St. Francis. In 1936, the Sisters purchased Bryan Hospital and immediately began investing in improvements, making CHI St. Joseph part of its growing nationwide healthcare ministry. The Sisters grew the small Bryan hospital into a major regional health system with five hospitals, two longterm care facilities, more than 30 clinics, and an exceptional physician network that is 250 physicians strong. The Sisters’ investment has given CHI St. Joseph the privilege of caring for more patients, delivering more babies, and introducing more advancements in healthcare that any other provider in the region. In 2014, through Supreme guidance and ministry, the Sisters pursued sponsorship with Catholic Health Initiatives, one of the largest healthcare systems in the nation. The Sisters believed this move would help CHI St. Joseph continue to thrive in a complex and ever changing healthcare environment. The 80th anniversary of CHI St. Joseph and the 100th anniversary of the Sisters of St. Francis are being celebrated by current and former CHI St. Joseph leaders, Sisters of St. Francis leadership, the Board of Directors, physicians, administration, team members with more than 25 years of tenure, the entire St. Joseph’s team, and all of the Brazos Valley. Their hard work and dedication to improve their communities should be both appreciated and celebrated. I, along with the residents of the 17th Congressional District, commend CHI St. Joseph’s and the Sisters of Sylvania for their 80 years of unwavering commitment, dedication, and contributions to the Brazos Valley. All of us also wish them great success in the future. As I close, I ask everyone to continue praying for our country, and for our military and first responders who selflessly serve and sacrifice to protect us. God bless important institutions like CHI St. Joseph’s and God Bless America. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to offer a big congratulations to the Edina Girls’ Cross Country team for winning the Minnesota High School State Championship. After winning it all last year, the Hornets were determined to defend their state title. In the final race, Edina put forward a great team effort with runners from all four grades placing for points, including three runners in the top 10 and five in the top 20. Led by senior captain Amanda Mosborg, the team was able to fend off its rivals and repeat as champs. Cross country requires countless hours, and miles, of training and discipline. As the father of crosscountry runners myself, I’ve seen firsthand the time and commitment it takes, from the challenging practices to the faraway travel to daylong meets, all while juggling academics and other obligations. These girls, along with Coach Matt Gabrielson, saw their dedication pay off with their victory. 
Mr. Speaker, after winning the championship last year, the Edina Girls’ Cross Country team didn’t let up and came back to win it again. Congratulations to the runners, coaches, and parents on an excellent season. Our community is proud. Go Hornets. 
ROBERT ROBBINS NAMED HOUSTON’S INTERNATONAL CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Robert C. Robbins, M.D. for being named Houston’s 2016 International Citizen of the Year. The World Affairs Council of Greater Houston awarded Robert the International Citizen of the Year award for his partnership with the Texas Medical Center (TMC) and his vision and energetic efforts to engage with biotech leaders, investors and other stakeholders from around the world. Robert is an internationally recognized cardiac surgeon and joined the TMC as president and CEO in 2012. His expertise is in the surgical treatment of congestive heart failure and cardiothoracic transplantation and his research expands from cardiac transplant allograft to bioengineering blood vessels and automated vascular anastomotic devices. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Robert C. Robbins, M.D. for being recognized as Houston’s 2016 International Citizen of the Year. We benefit from his medical skills and commitment to quality care. We look forward to his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this morning, the U.S. Department of Labor released its November jobs report detailing the state of the U.S. workforce and employment throughout our nation. According to the report, the unemployment rate declined to its lowest point since August 2007, falling from 4.9 percent to 4.6 percent unemployment last month. U.S. employers also added 178,000 jobs to the economy—pointing to strength and stability throughout the country. Our growing economy and burgeoning workforce is a testament to President Obama’s policies and efforts to put Americans back to work by reversing years of damage caused by President Bush and the regressive policies of the right. President Obama has helped to steer us to the lowest period of unemployment in nine years, despite having to face the most serious economic downturn since the Great Depression and the most divided Congress this nation has seen in recent years. Businesses have been able to add 15.6 million jobs since early 2010 and this growth can endure as long as we continue to enact policies and embrace a culture that favors everyday men and women, and not just a select few. As we inch closer to Presidentelect Trump’s administration and a Congress dominated by Republicans in the House and Senate, I will continue to encourage the new Administration and my colleagues in Congress to stay on our current path of creating jobs and decreasing unemployment for all Americans. If we reverse course by handing out billions of dollars in tax breaks to only the largest corporations and the wealthiest Americans, gutting public programs and social safety nets, or slashing spending on research and development, then our economic growth will surely stall. Mr. Speaker, our nation is at an important crossroad. The transition to this new administration and Republicancontrolled Congress poses new opportunities and even greater challenges. Will we choose to continue on the path to prosperity? Or will Presidentelect Trump and the Republican majority work to reverse all of the progress that we have achieved for everyday Americans by instead favoring the super wealthy and the biggest corporations? Only time will tell, although it is imperative that we look to these gains throughout our economy over these eight years and work to continue that trend. Anything less would be an insult to the American people and a devastating step in the wrong direction after coming so far. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, those special individuals who dedicate their lives to improving the community have the power to transform lives for the better. In Yonkers, no one has had a more transformative effect than my friend, Ann Muro, an amazing public servant who has dedicated her life to helping others. Ann grew up in the Colonial Heights section of Yonkers and attended Annunciation School and Maria Regina High School. She then went on to Mercy College, where she received her degree in Behavioral Psychology. Always wanting to help people, Ann became a Social Worker for the County of Westchester and served on the steering committee for the implementation of the Medicaid Program into Westchester County. She also served as a Community Affairs Specialist for the Westchester County Human Rights Commission and as an Employment Specialist for the Yonkers Employment Center. In addition to her professional work helping others, Ann has also been extremely active in the community during her personal time. She serves as President of the Exchange Club of Yonkers; Board Member of PAL; President of the Crestwood Tenants Association; former Board Member of the Yonkers Chamber of Commerce; former Board Member of the American Cancer Society, and this is just a small fraction of her involvement. A published writer, Ann is also in the process of writing two books and is also an accomplished poet. This year, the Yonkers Exchange Club is honoring Ann for all of her incredible work and contributions in the community. I want to congratulate her on this wonderful honor and thank her on behalf of the 16th Congressional District. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to successful business owner Robert D. Escalante. Mr. Escalante is the owner of Custom Auto Service in my district. For decades the Packard Motor Car marketed some of America’s most prestigious cars. Custom Auto Service specializes in rebuilding and selling Packard Automobiles. This year, Custom Auto Service and the Packard Automobile are celebrating their Golden Anniversary in Santa Ana, California; 50 years of dedication to the ‘‘American Dream’’ car—the PACKARD. Custom Auto Service also recently entered into a publicprivate partnership with other businesses to help establish a fourblock development zone nationally known as Fiesta Marketplace. Its purpose is to help nurture the surrounding community in Santa Ana. We give thanks to businesses like Custom Auto Service for doing their part to lift up our district. This small business is a reflection of what’s in the heart of America and I thank Mr. Robert Escalante for his tremendous dedication. 
PEARLAND 6U AMERICAN FORCE BASEBALL TEAM WINS WORLD TITLE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 2, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 6U American Force baseball team from Pearland, TX for winning the United States Specialty Sports Association Baseball World Series title in Dallas. After going 3–0 in the pool play, the team was a Number 2 seed going into the first round of the tournament. From there American Force went undefeated in the tournament earning the championship title. The American Force coaches are Ruben Ramirez, James Turrubiartes, Tino Arredondo, Junior Vasques, Bryan White, and Cliff Santellana. Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the championship game was Alex Vasques and Offensive MVP was given to Thomas Turrubiartes. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to the 6U American Force team for their accomplishments. We wish them success in future baseball seasons and look forward to rooting for them next year. Pearland, Texas is proud of them. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, December 5, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 public bills, H.R. 6424–6433 and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 105; and H. Res. 940 were introduced. 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
Recess: The House recessed at 9:13 a.m. and reconvened at 10:01 a.m.
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017: The House agreed to the conference report to accompany S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, by a yeaandnay vote of 375 yeas to 34 nays, Roll No. 600.
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, December 5th for Morning Hour debate.
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H7134. Senate Referrals: S. 3492 was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. S. 10 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. S. 2058 was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
                                                                                            Page H7142 Quorum Calls—Votes: One yeaandnay vote developed during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H7133–34. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:10 p.m. 
A SAFETRACK?: OVERSIGHT OF WMATA’S SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘A SafeTrack?: Oversight of WMATA’s Safety and Maintenance’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher A. Hart, Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board; Matthew Welbes, Executive Director, Federal Transit Administration; and public witnesses. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, December 5 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the message of the House to accompany H.R. 34, Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act (the legislative vehicle for 21st Century Cures Act), and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill at 5:30 p.m. The filing deadline for first degree amendments to the message of the House to accompany the bill is at 4 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, December 5 
HOUSE Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1573 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E1577 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1576 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1574 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1574, E1575, E1577, E1578, E1579 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1578 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1573 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1579 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1576 LoBiondo, Frank A., N.J., E1575 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1574, E1576, E1577, E1577, E1578, E1579, E1579 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E1577, E1578 Price, David E., N.C., E1573, E1574 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E1578, E1579 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1575 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1575, E1577 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1575 Titus, Dina, Nev., E1575 