Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this month we mark the first anniversary of an historic agreement between Iran and six major world powers, including some of our key western allies, plus Russia and China. The agreement was designed to force Iran to back away from the nuclear threshold, acquiring nuclear weapons, which everyone agreed would be a disaster. Instead of sober reflection on the success of the agreement, where we are and where we are going, we will, instead, be discussing legislation that is 
designed to have the United States break that agreement. In a very dangerous world, that agreement has made us a little bit safer. This would be a mistake of tragic proportions to undermine it. Last year, Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, on this House floor, as part of his campaign to scuttle a potential agreement, warned that Iran was on the verge of acquiring nuclear weapons as thousands of centrifuges were whirling to enrich uranium. While today, 14,000 centrifuges have been removed from service and placed under international supervision. Iran has removed nuclear material from its once secret facility at Fordow. It has reduced its stockpile of enriched uranium from 12,000 kilograms, with a purity as high as 5 percent, to only 300 kilograms, with a purity of no more than 3–2/3 percent. The core of the heavy water reactor at Arak has been filled with concrete. These are not abstract numbers and mere technicalities. Iran has adhered to the agreement, making a nuclear breakout harder, and take longer. Make no mistake, Iran has some unsavory hardline people in key positions of leadership, but not everyone. President Hassan Rouhani has been a voice of and a force for moderation. The Iran people voted for him as a repudiation of the hardliners. The Iranian people are still the most proAmerican in the region, where even some of our allies have large anti American populations. The majority of the Iranian people still like us, despite the fact that America cooperated with Britain to overthrow their popularly elected government in 1953 and install the Shah as dictator, despite the fact that the United States backed Saddam Hussein in the bloody IraqIran war where we would later send American troops to overthrow him. At that time, he used poison gas—and we did nothing to stop him—against Iranians and against some of his own people. The relationship with Iran is important to not just controlling nuclear threats. Iran is going to play a key role in this troubled area as the major Shia power. Our war against Iraq created huge problems, not just in Iraq, but Syria and Afghanistan. Iran will always play an outsized role. The question is, can we work with them toward peace and reconciliation? I, for one, will vote against efforts to undercut the agreement when, after a year, all the evidence that I have seen is that the agreement is working and that Iran is complying. I am encouraged that there is a memorandum of understanding with American company Boeing and Iran to purchase 80 jet airplanes and lease another 29, supporting over 100,000 jobs in the United States over the next decade. Rather than unwinding this agreement, people should support and strengthen it. Notably, our other partners in the agreement have already started to take commercial advantage. I would rather have American jobs at Boeing than have Airbus sell even more planes to Iran or the French Bombardier manufacturer. The rest of the world has moved on and America should not move backward. In a troubled world, an opportunity to strengthen ties with a former enemy through trade, job creation, and bringing us a bit closer together should not be a major cause for concern. It should be a cause for celebration. 
REMEMBERING MIKE RHYNE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mike Rhyne, a great man and a friend from Rutherford County, North Carolina. Mike served as an aldermen for Ellenboro, the same town where his brother, Jim, serves as mayor. Ellenboro is a small town, but they don’t actually view themselves that way. In fact, Mike and his late wife, Pat, were instrumental in starting the town’s yearly festival. When they decided to figure out a name on what to call it, they called it ‘‘Ellenboro’s Big Day.’’ That was sort of Mike’s personality coming through in just the naming of that event. In fact, Mike gave me a Tshirt—and I still have it—‘‘The Big Day’’ Tshirt that he gave me a few years ago. Mike also really deserves a lot of credit for restoring the old Ellenboro train depot and transforming it into the town’s history museum. In this history museum, they pay tribute to the countless veterans that grew up, were raised, and came home to Ellenboro and to those that gave their lives in the service of our country. That really pays a special tribute to the community. To Mike’s family, I extend my sympathies. Ellenboro and Rutherford County have lost a true public servant, and I have lost a good friend. 
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to honor a great man and a great friend, one of my constituents from Catawba County. Dave Hearn has served as president of the Catawba County Chamber of Commerce and has done so for the last 12 years. He recently announced his retirement from 43 years of work with chambers of commerce throughout the southeast. Danny is a graduate of LenoirRhyne University. Shortly after graduation, he went to work at the local chamber of commerce as an intern, and that career would last him until actually just a few months from now. He served local chambers, rising through the ranks from Norfolk, Virginia; Rockingham, North Carolina; Statesville, North Carolina; and he will finish his career in Hickory. Danny is well known for a couple of different things in the community. Danny is most well known for his commitment to small business. He has fought tirelessly on behalf of the small business community and the business community generally. In fact, one of the greatest accomplishments at the Catawba County Chamber of Commerce under Danny’s leadership is the Edison project, a competitive contest that awards much needed startup capital to local entrepreneurs. He began this initiative in the midst of one of the worst economic downturns in western North Carolina history. Danny knows that the backbone of our local economy and the backbone of our country is small business. He understands that small business development is the key to our region’s economic development, growth, and recovery. Danny’s work with small businesses has truly paid off. Recent statistics show that wages in Catawba County are growing at a faster rate than most counties in the country, and this is a great success under Danny’s leadership. Danny is also extraordinarily well known for his love of golf. Danny’s secondtolast day on the job in September will be hosting the chamber’s annual golf tournament. What a fitting way and a truly poetic way for Danny to end his chamber career. He will be doing two of the great things that he is passionate about: working with small businesses leaders and playing golf. So to Danny: You will truly be missed in Catawba County. Your leadership will be truly missed. However, your impact will be felt for generations to come. We thank you for your leadership, and I thank you for your friendship. f 
ADDRESSING SECURITY THREATS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, we should not leave on the longest summer break in more than three decades while our Nation faces serious security threats. There is no greater responsibility for this body than to keep our communities and our families safe. We face real threats from around the world, from the Zika virus, cyber threats, China, Russia, and North Korea. All of these demand attention, but we must act now to destroy ISIS. The campaign of destruction waged by ISIS has created the worst crisis in the Middle East in a generation and is threatening American lives at home and abroad. When I traveled to the Middle East 17 months ago, I came home and said that this must be our top priority. Congress must come together to develop a comprehensive strategy that attacks ISIS on all fronts, online and on the ground, 
reducing and eliminating its territory and its ability to direct attacks around the globe. A commitment to this effort will allow our military to make long term strategic decisions. It is important for Republicans and Democrats alike to find a common vision for this effort. I do not believe that we cannot have and should not have a donothing summer while Americans are in jeopardy. 
b1015 REMEMBERING JACK RUBIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness and a heavy heart that I come to the floor this morning to commemorate the life of a dear friend, Jack Rubin, who passed away last night at his home in south Florida. Jack was a Holocaust survivor, the only member of his family to survive. He was liberated from Auschwitz in May of 1945, came to America, and served in our United States Army. Over the course of his life, Jack dedicated his time to raising awareness about the horrors of the Holocaust and fighting for the needs of survivors. Jack was a regular on Capitol Hill, meeting with Members of Congress and testifying before Congress four times in 2007, 2008, and twice in 2014. On September 18, 2014, Jack testified before a subcommittee hearing, which I chaired, about the struggles of recovering assets for Holocaust survivors, and the struggle continues. At this important hearing, Jack laid out all of the difficulties, all of the challenges that Holocaust survivors are facing in America today, the continued struggle to find the justice that has evaded most of them for over 70 years, and the poverty, the lack of medical care, dental care, mental health care for many survivors. That is why my colleague, TED DEUTCH , and I authored a resolution, which already passed the House, urging the German Government to fully fulfill its moral responsibility to Holocaust survivors and urgently provide the financial resources necessary to ensure that survivors live in dignity and comfort in their remaining years. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to pass this measure immediately because this is about survivors getting all of their needs addressed and getting them addressed immediately. I offer my sincere condolences to Jack Rubin’s widow, Shirley, and their three children—Michael, David, and Lynn—and many grandchildren. In the 2014 hearing, Mr. Speaker, Jack stated: We are losing more and more survivors every day, and the ones remaining need our help now. We will never forget you, Jack Rubin. We must honor Jack’s legacy, Mr. Speaker, by continuing to pursue justice for all Holocaust survivors. ANNIVERSARIES OF THE IRAN DEAL AND THE  
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this Thursday marks the 1year anniversary since the administration and the rest of the P5+1 nations signed the weak and dangerous Iran nuclear deal. One year later, and Iran continues its push for ballistic missiles, and we are seeing reports from Germany’s intelligence services that Iran’s proliferation activities have not stopped, that the regime has increased its efforts to advance its chemical and biological warfare capabilities as well as its nuclear weapons program. This week, the House will bring to the floor various bills that would amplify sanctions against Iran. We must ensure that Iran is held accountable for its terror activities and that individuals engaged in such activities are brought to justice. Monday marks the 22nd anniversary of the attack against the Argentinian Jewish Community Center called AMIA in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Iran and its proxy Hezbollah, a designated foreign terrorist organization, were behind this heinous and cowardly attack which killed over 80 people and injured hundreds more. Unfortunately, thanks to this weak nuclear deal, some of Iran’s most notorious criminals will see sanctions against them lifted, including several individuals responsible for the AMIA bombings. One, General Vahidi, for example. He is a former Quds commander, a former Iranian defense minister, and he has been wanted by INTERPOL since 2007 for his direct role in the AMIA attack. Guess what? His name was one of the ones included in this Iran deal for sanctions to be lifted. Is that justice, Mr. Speaker? Last year, the special prosecutor on the AMIA and my dear friend, Alberto Nisman, was killed in his home in Buenos Aires. I urge the Argentine authorities to do everything in their power to continue to properly and thoroughly investigate his death so that those responsible can be brought to justice. The AMIA attack serves as just one reminder of the many threats from Iran and its nefarious proxies that endanger our national security, the Middle East, and our ally, the Democratic Jewish State of Israel. As we mark the 1year anniversary of this horrible nuclear deal and commemorate the 22nd anniversary of the AMIA attack, we must redouble our efforts and commitments to hold Iran and all of its cohorts fully accountable. 
WE NEED TO STAND UP FOR THE LGBT COMMUNITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) for 5 minutes. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, today marks 1 month since the horrific attack on Pulse nightclub that took 49 lives. Many of us have come here to this floor raising our voices to demand that this House take action to prevent the loss of life from guns in this country. But one critical, tragic aspect of this crime that sometimes has gotten lost is exactly who was targeted in the shooting. Pulse was a mainstay of Orlando’s LGBT community, and of the Latino community in particular. Now, more than ever, we need to unite against hatred, discrimination, and bigotry. We need to stand together in calling for justice, peace, and equality. I am, frankly, appalled to see that today, today on the 1month anniversary of the shootings at the Pulse nightclub, instead of standing with the LGBT community, instead of passing background checks, today the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will be advancing legislation to undermine the existing and insufficient protections that the law provides for LGBT Americans. I am proud that my home State of Connecticut is one of several States to pass legislation protecting the LGBT community from discrimination, whether folks are at work, at school, at the doctor’s office or, yes, using a public bathroom. Our residents support these laws. We support these protections. LGBT folks are our brothers, our sisters, our friends, our neighbors. They are our kids’ teachers, coaches, and their friends. They give back to our community. They volunteer at church. They serve in public office. In Congress we should be focusing on legislation to prevent discrimination and prevent hatred. Our goal should be a country in which all Americans, in every State, can live their lives free from bigotry and harassment and free of the fear of being targeted with guns because of who people are. Quite simply, I can’t imagine a worse way for Congress to respond to the massacre in Orlando than with legislation attacking LGBT Americans. The American people overwhelmingly believe that discrimination targeting the LGBT community has no place in our society, and yet a bill to support that discrimination is getting a full hearing today. Meanwhile, legislation to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists that has broad, bipartisan support among the public cannot get so much as a vote in this House. In the 31⁄2years since the Sandy Hook massacre in my State, in my district in Connecticut, this House has failed to take any action, any action whatsoever to prevent the deaths of Americans by guns. In that time, 100,000 Americans have died from guns, 49 of them in the largest mass shooting in American history 1 month ago, targeted because they are LGBT at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Mr. Speaker, it is time to get our priorities straight. It is time for us to do what the American people sent us here to do. Let us send a very clear message: We stand up against hatred and discrimination; we stand with our LGBT 
brothers and sisters; and we stand with the American people who are demanding that this House take action to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people, to keep guns away from terrorists, to keep guns away from criminals, to keep guns away from domestic abusers, and to keep guns away from the dangerously mentally ill. We need a vote on no fly, no buy. We need a vote on comprehensive background checks on every commercial sale of a gun. The time to act is now, Mr. Speaker, and action is not increasing voting to increase discrimination against our LGBT brothers and sisters and to make them more vulnerable to the gun violence that wracks this country. We need to act. The time is now. 
REMEMBERING DAVID ELAHI The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, early on Sunday, July 3, while most of us were resting up for our Independence Day weekends, Sergeant David Elahi was conducting highway safety patrol measures in Sterlington, Louisiana, a city which I represent. That morning, a drunk driver struck and killed David while he was conducting a traffic stop. The driver injured two other officers as well. David was only 28 years old. Communities in Ouachita Parish and the surrounding areas are still reeling from David’s death because, according to all accounts, he was just a great guy. He was a family man who left behind a 2yearold daughter and his fiancee, who is expecting a child in January. That shift was supposed to be David’s last fulltime shift for the Sterlington Police Department. He was planning to retire to take care of home, go back to a business that he had started, wanted to improve it, but he didn’t get there. I rise today because our Nation needs to know about David. They need to know that he was a model citizen pursuing the American Dream. He was proud of his family. He was proud of his church. He was proud of his home, and he was proud of the service he provided. Last week was a dark week in our Nation. The deaths in my home State of Louisiana as well as those in Texas and Minnesota have once again thrust into the forefront a debate on the role our law enforcement officers play in policing our communities. There have been calls to harm our police, and one man in Dallas did just that. For the first time in history, graphic scenes from our streets are being livestreamed on the Internet. People are reacting sometimes in violent ways. All loss of life is tragic. More violence is not the answer. When tragedies occur, we must fully investigate them and hold accountable any who acted wrongfully. But even when bad things happen, we cannot let these events define who we are and react in ways that divide us. Most of us want the same things: to provide for our families, to better our communities, and to serve our God. The Bible tells us that patience is a virtue, and we must use that wisdom today as we seek answers to questions everyone in society is asking. For me, personally, I believe the overwhelming majority of our police officers are just like David. They serve because they want to make a difference, they want to make their communities a better place. They are there and they serve simply because they care. I would encourage everyone listening to take a deep breath and reflect on the services of David Elahi. I want you to think about how he served his community. I want you to think about his fiancee, his daughter, and the child who will never know him from this point on. I want to remember that family members of all our law enforcement officers share intimately in the cause of public safety that they want to provide. I also want to think about those five officers in Dallas who lost their lives in the line of duty and how their fellow officers ran toward the gunfire while others ran away. That is what our officers do. That is why they keep us safe. No institution is perfect. People like David do not deserve to be vilified because they chose to serve and protect. People like those officers in Dallas didn’t deserve to be marked for death because they were simply police officers. They did their duty, and they were killed because of it. So thank a law enforcement officer today for what they do for you and for me. Thank their families for sharing in their sacrifice. Say a prayer for David, his family, and the Sterlington community, and say a prayer for all of those who wear the badge. 
b1030 GIVE US A VOTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, why is it that more than 80 percent of NRA members and over 80 percent of gun owners support background checks? Well, I will tell you why. It is because they are responsible gun owners; and responsible gun owners understand that there is nothing wrong with making sure that a prospective gun buyer isn’t a terrorist, a criminal, a domestic abuser, or dangerously mentally ill. The Supreme Court made that perfectly clear in District of Columbia v. Heller. The Court ruled that, while Americans have the right to keep and bear arms, there are no constitutional problems with laws prohibiting felons and the dangerously mentally ill from carrying guns. As a responsible gun owner myself, I will never give up my guns, and I will never ask lawabiding individuals without a history of dangerous mental illness to give up theirs. And, like other responsible gun owners, I understand that if gun violence continues unabated, then eventually we will see laws that place substantial and overly burdensome restrictions on our right to own guns. To reduce gun violence, we don’t need to stop lawabiding citizens who use guns for hunting, sport shooting, and personal protection from obtaining those firearms. We need to stop terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and those with a history of dangerous mental illness from getting guns. Our first line of defense when it comes to making sure that guns don’t fall into dangerous hands is to conduct a background check. And we know that, when used, background checks work. Every day, background checks stop more than 170 felons, some 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun. But sadly, a gaping loophole allows those same felons, dangerously mentally ill, and domestic abusers to bypass a background check in 34 States. All they have to do is go online or go to a gun show. That is wrong; that is dangerous; and that loophole needs to be closed. That is why it is long past time for the Republican leadership to allow a vote on H.R. 1217, my bipartisan, pro Second Amendment bill to require a background check for all commercial gun sales. The bill bolsters the Second Amendment rights of lawful gun owners by making sure that the bad guys can’t easily bypass background checks when trying to buy a gun. Just as important for the safety and security of our country and our fellow Americans is H.R. 1076, bipartisan, pro Second Amendment legislation to prohibit those who are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list from being able to legally buy a firearm. We should be able to agree that suspected terrorists shouldn’t be able to legally buy a gun or guns of their choosing. As a responsible gun owner, I am fed up with those who are blindly opposed to background checks hiding behind bumper sticker slogans like: ‘‘Guns don’t kill people; people kill people.’’ Everyone knows that guns don’t kill people, which is exactly why responsible gun owners and the overwhelming majority of the American people understand that it is important to run a background check to see if the person buying the gun is a danger to our community. This debate isn’t a choice between respecting the Second Amendment or reducing gun violence. As a responsible gun owner, I am tired of it being framed that way. It is about this Congress doing both. The Supreme Court’s Heller ruling provides people on both sides with an 
opportunity to work within the confines of the Second Amendment to pass legislation that will reduce gun violence and keep our communities safe. Responsible gun owners across our country understand that. It is time for the Republican leadership in the House to understand it, too. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NICHOLAS ‘‘CORKY’’ DEMARCO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on Friday afternoon, I was deeply saddened to hear about the passing of one of West Virginia’s finest gentlemen, Nicholas ‘‘Corky’’ DeMarco. A lifelong West Virginian, Corky was a leader in our State, in both private and public service. For those of you who did not have the privilege of knowing him, let me tell you a little bit about him. I got to know Corky through our discussions about how West Virginia can benefit from our natural bounty. Under Governor Cecil Underwood, Corky served as the director of operations for the State and helped bring more jobs and industries to West Virginia. Most recently, Corky served as the executive director of the West Virginia Oil and Natural Gas Association. During his time with the association, he more than tripled their membership and made significant contributions to the oil and gas industry in West Virginia. His devotion to growing jobs in our State was strong, but his love for family came before anything else. For Corky, the most important thing in life was his family: his wife, Catherine; two grown sons, Matthew and Joey; and his stepson, Jason Milano. I join all West Virginians in keeping Mr. DeMarco’s family in our thoughts and prayers during this difficult time. Corky will be truly missed. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, overuse of prescription pain medication is one of the leading causes of opioid addiction. When a patient has more narcotic pain medication than they need after a medical event, this excess medication can fall into the wrong hands. Narcotic pain medication in the wrong hands often leads to addiction. In fact, the National Institute on Drug Abuse has found that 1 in 15 people who take nonmedical prescription pain relievers will try heroin. Last year, the number of fatal overdoses from prescription painkillers increased by 16 percent—and 28 percent from heroin—in the United States. In West Virginia, the story is even worse. According to a recent study by the Trust for America’s Health, the Mountain State has the highest rate of overdose deaths in the entire United States. This issue is above party politics. It is a plague that all Americans must come together to solve. That is why, in February, I introduced H.R. 4499, the Promoting Responsible Opioid Prescribing Act. This bipartisan bill strikes a harmful provision of ObamaCare that places unnecessary pressure on doctors and hospitals to prescribe narcotic pain medication. This concern was brought to my attention while meeting with doctors and other healthcare professionals in Charleston, West Virginia, who are active in our State’s medical society. I thank them for bringing this to my attention. It is a perfect example of how government works well. You bring an issue to your Congressman’s attention, and he takes action to solve it. This was their idea. I thank them for bringing it to our attention. I encourage everyone to bring the ideas you have to help fight back against the opioid epidemic to your local Congressman. I am proud to say that, less than a week ago, the Department of Health and Human Services announced they are implementing the important policy changes contained in my bill. Almost word for word, the new rules are exactly what my bill says need to be done. Since I first introduced the PROP Act in February, I have been calling on Congress to pass my bill. This bipartisan legislation has 27 Republican cosponsors and 16 Democratic cosponsors. My bill puts doctors, not the Federal Government, in control of opioidprescribing decisions. This change in policy is an important fight against opioid abuse. I want to thank the 43 cosponsors in the House and the 8 cosponsors in the Senate in our successful effort to pass this bill’s policies through regulation and help put an end to opioid abuse. f 
LET’S PUT AN END TO GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, our Nation has been repeatedly confronted by senseless and tragic acts of gun violence; and now our country grieves with yet more heartache following the shocking and horrific attack in Dallas last week, an attack that took place during a peaceful protest where citizens were exercising their basic rights as Americans, as Dallas police officers supported and protected this fundamentally American right. As President Obama said: ‘‘There is no possible justification for these kinds of attacks or any violence against law enforcement.’’ This event added to an already heartbreaking week, after the deaths of Philando Castile in Minnesota and Alton Sterling in Louisiana. Today, I am thinking of their families, friends, and loved ones, as I am of the 49 lost at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando just a month ago. I believe that lawabiding citizens have a constitutional right to own firearms, whether for sport or personal protection; but I also know that responsible personal freedom and public safety are not mutually exclusive. Shootings have become unacceptably commonplace in our country, and Congress has a responsibility to do more to keep guns out of the hands of criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill. In fact, recent polls show that support for universal background checks hovers around 90 percent. No other developed country in the world has the same rate of gun violence as the United States. According to United Nations data, the gun homicide rate in our country is more than 7 times that of Sweden, 6 times that of Canada, and, unbelievably, 21 times that of Australia. As President Obama stated, following the shooting in Oregon: ‘‘We are the only advanced country on Earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months.’’ I agree with Dallas Police Chief David Brown when he said that police departments cannot be expected to solve our Nation’s gun violence problem by themselves. As policymakers, we must be doing more. We should all be inspired by Chief Brown’s commitment and willingness to work through personal heartbreak toward a more just and violencefree society. Chief Brown’s urgency is echoed in letters I have received from young people in my district. Headlines in our communities and those that make national news do not go unnoticed by our Nation’s youngest citizens, children who are growing up with heightened fear, some even afraid to go to school. Abbey, age 13, from Gardner, Massachusetts, wrote to me: ‘‘Every single day at school, I am scared an armed intruder will come in,’’ going on to say that ‘‘the amount of gun violence in our country is piling up, and we need to stop it.’’ Andrew, a high school freshman from Dracut, wrote: ‘‘I have been noticing there are more shootings lately, maybe because I am getting old and paying more attention to what is happening around me than I did before.’’ Imagine, at 14, he is feeling old as he watches our news. Miriam, from Acton, wrote: ‘‘I am only 17 years old, so this current climate of fear and violence is all I have ever known. However, I know that this amount and frequency of bloodshed is not and should not be normal.’’ As a mother, grandmother, and American citizen, it is unconscionable that our children and grandchildren are growing up in a world where they see mass shooting after mass shooting, met only by a moment of silence on this floor. Mr. Speaker, in Congress, we have a moral responsibility to pursue change. 
We must address the senseless violence and injustice afflicting our Nation with ‘‘the fierce urgency of now,’’ to quote the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Our call to action is made more painful and more real with each passing day. Mr. Speaker, bring a vote to the floor on commonsense, universal background check legislation that will keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill. 
GUN BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan legislation I have recently filed to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. H.R. 5576, the Terrorist Firearms Prevention Act of 2016, is similar to the bipartisan agreement championed by Senator SUSAN COLLINS , and would deny the sale of firearms to individuals on the no fly and selectee lists, while ensuring due process is protected for lawabiding gun owners. It was recently announced the House is unlikely to consider any legislation this week pertaining to terrorist access to firearms, and for this, I am truly disappointed. Mr. Speaker, it is time to do something, and this commonsense, bipartisan legislation is a step in the right direction. I will continue to work with Members on both sides of the aisle to strike a bipartisan compromise that will protect lawabiding citizens’ constitutional rights, while denying the sale of guns to terrorists. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Norberto Orellana, an incredible young man who, despite facing health challenges and longterm homelessness, recently graduated from the School for Advanced Studies at the MiamiDade College Homestead campus with a near perfect GPA, a full ride to college, and a dream to go to medical school. Mr. Orellana has already confronted more hardships in his young life than many of us will encounter in our lifetimes, but he does so with a positive attitude that inspires all of us. Mr. Orellana was born with cerebral palsy, a permanent movement disorder caused by abnormal development in the part of the brain that controls balance and posture. b1045 By the time he was 5, he had undergone three major surgeries to correct a club foot, lengthen his muscles, and reshape his bones. He and his family also battled homelessness, moving from shelter to shelter. However, he never allowed his circumstances to dictate his attitude or detract from his belief in his own potential. He used his time spent in hospitals to fuel his burning desire to become a pediatric orthopedic surgeon. It is an honor for me to recognize Mr. Norberto Orellana on the occasion of his graduation. I cannot wait to see what the future holds for such a bright young mind. COMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY TO DESTROY ISIL  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, the attacks in Orlando, San Bernardino, and across Europe are a horrific reminder that the war on terror continues, and that radical extremism from groups like ISIL remains a danger to all freedomloving people. It is critical that a plan is in place to destroy this enemy before the United States and our allies face more senseless violence from cowardly terrorists. For these reasons, I have cosponsored Representative KINZINGER ’s bill, H.R. 4869, the Comprehensive Strategy to Destroy ISIL Act of 2016. This legislation directs the Secretaries of State and Defense to submit a joint report to Congress on the strategy to destroy ISIL and its affiliates. It is imperative the U.S. and our allies defeat these radical terrorists on their home turf, and this legislation will require a plan from the administration to do just that. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this critical bill. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two Florida Keys Community College student teams who won five medals, two of them gold, at the annual NASA Engineering Challenges at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. This yearly competition is geared towards encouraging students to pursue STEMrelated fields. The TechKeys and RocketTrees worked together to take home the gold in the highaltitude balloon experiment. FKCC is one of only three colleges in Florida to receive a $134,000 grant from the Florida Space Grant Consortium to support the program for 2 years. This grant also provides scholarships to each participating student. Each of these students is also now eligible for an internship at NASA as long as they remain enrolled in a Florida college. Congratulations to the students and their professor, Dawn Ellis, on this prestigious accomplishment. I am proud that they are bringing awareness to the importance of science, technology, engineering, and math. 
OUR NATION IS TIRED OF GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is grieving. We are tired. We are tired of the violence that too often unsettles our communities. What a week we had last week. We were horrified by the deaths of Lorne Ahrens, Michael Smith, Michael Krol, Patrick Zamarripa, and Brent Thompson—five officers murdered by a sniper in Dallas while they were on duty. We saw very troubling videos of Philando Castile and Alton Sterling being shot. Today we also mark the 1month anniversary of the shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, a hateful act on the LGBT community that took the lives of 49 people. This shooting shook the country, as have the many mass shootings that have preceded it. As we still process these deaths, daily violence continues in communities around the country. Over the weekend, the total number of shootings in Chicago, where I come from, this year exceeded 2,100. Over 300 people in Chicago have now died from gun violence in 2016. I have received hundreds and hundreds of letters from constituents of all ages concerned about the effect of gun violence in our communities and in their communities. Yesterday I received a letter from a young constituent, an 8yearold named Kaline. She wrote: ‘‘I read the SunTimes every day like my dad. I read and still think about the story of Tyshawn Lee. It’s just hitting my mind all the time because it’s not fair. It makes me cry.’’ Tyshawn Lee was a 9yearold boy in Chicago deliberately assassinated, shot multiple times in the head. Kaline continues: ‘‘I hope people can make better decisions about what to do with guns. I hope people stop fighting about whether we should do gun control because I worry more people and kids like Tyshawn will be killed.’’ We can’t accept violence as normal. This is not the country Kaline should have to grow up in. And how do you explain to an 8year old that in America, with 91 people dying from gun violence every single day, we have taken no meaningful action? We take action all the time to protect our kids from threats to their safety. We have regulations in place on teddy bears and pacifiers, to protect children’s health and safety, but nothing for guns. Guns are specifically exempted from regulation by the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the agency charged with protecting consumers from unreasonable risk or injury or death. Gun manufacturers are protected from liability for damage caused by their weapons. The Centers for Disease Control is actually prohibited, in law, from studying the public health risk of guns. Robert, a 91yearold and a veteran of World War II from my district wrote: ‘‘You know better than I do the vast array of efforts to protect the American people from the recklessness and avarice in the marketplace, yet Congress has failed the people in the matter of gun control . . . Today the 
American public is crying for laws,’’ he says. Robert is right. I can think of no other product or industry that has so few measures in place to protect our safety, and we need to rethink our approach to guns. We can’t put the interests of gun manufacturers and the gun lobby ahead of the safety of our communities. Those of us in Congress have the power to do something, and it is long past time for us to act. We can start with measures that have broad support among the American people. Ninety percent of Americans support comprehensive background checks. Background checks would help reduce the flood of weapons that come into Chicago from gun shows and online sales. Would it stop every shooting? Of course it wouldn’t. But would it save some lives? Absolutely. My heart goes out to the families in Dallas and Orlando and Chicago and so many other places that have had the lives of their loved ones stolen away by gun violence, and we need to grieve. But after that moment of silence, we must direct our sadness and our anger into action. The problem of violence in communities may seem insurmountable, and no single policy will stop every death. But we should start by passing commonsense gun legislation supported by the vast majority of the American people. We need a vote on legislation to keep guns out of the wrong hands. Republicans and Democrats and gun owners and NRA members agree that background checks for every gun purchase and closing the gun show loopholes and all the other loopholes will help. So give us a vote, Mr. Speaker. My constituents are crying for action. Let’s act, not ignore their cries any longer. Give us a vote. 
NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COMBATING TERRORIST, UNDERGROUND, AND OTHER ILLICIT FINANCING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 5594, the National Strategy for Combating Terrorist, Underground, and Other Illicit Financing Act. I wish to commend my colleague from Pennsylvania, Congressman MIKE FITZPATRICK , for his leadership on this bill. This bill would direct the President to work with the Secretaries of the Treasury, State, Defense, and Homeland Security Departments, as well as Federal banking agencies and the Director of National Intelligence to create a comprehensive national strategy to push back against terror financing. This national strategy would call for an ability to adapt to technology developments used by terrorists and to use technology to fight terror financing; it would encourage working with private financial institutions; and it would emphasize coordination efforts between international, State, and local officials. This is a very good bill, and I am proud to support it. SIMPLIFYING THE APPLICATION FOR STUDENT  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 5528, the Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act. This bill would make it easier for students to fill out the free application for Federal student aid, also known as the FAFSA form, in a number of ways. It would allow students to apply for financial aid earlier by using tax data from the 2 years prior before the FAFSA is dated. Under this legislation, some of the critical information FAFSA requires would be automatically entered, removing barriers that could hinder students in need from applying for aid. We should do everything we can to assist students who want to attend college. And, Mr. Speaker, this legislation will help many students get more of a head start on responsible financial planning for their future. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 5638, the Solar Fuels Innovation Act. This legislation would enable the Federal Government to contribute to advancing energy technology at early stages through the Solar Fuels Basic Research Initiative at the Department of Energy. The initiative would focus on the areas of science that are necessary to develop solar fuels, such as chemistry and materials science. It is important, indeed, and it is critical that we accelerate the research and deployment of next generation clean energy technologies. In authorizing this research, which would be made available to companies, the Federal Government would help cuttingedge companies take the critical next steps in energy innovation. If we are thoughtful in how we advance American energy innovation, we can create jobs, preserve our resources, and improve the health of our communities. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize Joseph Paris, a teacher at the Stetson Middle School in the West Chester Area School District, who received the Bob Thompson Excellence in Energy Award from the National Energy Education Development Project. Mr. Paris has been bringing technology into the classroom, while spurring interest and encouraging students to succeed. Great job, Mr. Paris. RECOGNIZING THE HOME OF THE SPARROW AS  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize the Home of the Sparrow as Nonprofit of the Year, as recognized by The Main Line Chamber of Commerce. The Home of the Sparrow provides housing, education, and access to community resources to lowincome women in Chester County. And the Home of the Sparrow has helped bring positive change to so many, and continues as a stellar, caring example of making a difference in Chester County. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, it has been 4 days since the mass shooting in Dallas. It has been a month since the mass shooting in Orlando. It has been 7 months since the mass shooting in San Bernardino, and at the Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs. It has been a year since the mass shooting in Charleston. It has been 2 years since the mass shooting in Umpqua Community College in Oregon. It has been 3
1⁄2years since the mass shooting in Newtown, Connecticut. It has been 4 years since the mass shooting at the theater in Aurora, Colorado. It has been 5
1⁄2years since the mass shooting in Tucson, Arizona, where our colleague, Gabby Giffords, was shot. Mr. Speaker, please talk to Speaker RYAN. Not once, after any of those shootings, in all of these 5
1⁄2years, have we had one hearing or one vote on gun violence, not one. Now, we have had 60 votes on repealing the Affordable Care Act, none of which went anywhere. The Republican majority has spent millions of dollars going after Benghazi or emails to no avail; but not one vote, not one hearing, nothing on gun violence. b1100 Now, Mr. Speaker, you know I would much rather be here talking about the Broncos winning the 50th Super Bowl. I would much rather be talking about the unbelievable accuracy of NASA getting the Juno satellite to Jupiter after 5 years of space travel within 1 second of the planned time. I would much rather be talking about Jenny Simpson, who is a University of Colorado graduate who is going to Rio, and wish her much success and that the wind be at her back. Those would be a lot more fun. Those would be some things I would love to do. But we have got to grapple with this issue. It is not going away, and we are not going away. We asked for two commonsense pieces of legislation. They certainly aren’t going to handle all the ills of society, but one is no fly, no buy; meaning, if you are on the terrorist watch list, you don’t get a gun. The second is so common sense, which is background 
checks on anybody who wants to purchase a weapon. Those two simple pieces of legislation we have asked to be brought to this floor. In fact, a couple weeks ago, we were so upset that we actually did a filibuster and broke some rules of this House to try to make our voices heard to have a vote. The Republican majority has refused to let us have that vote. Let us have a hearing. These are bipartisan pieces of legislation sponsored by Mr. KING. Mr. C URBELO , just a second ago, asked that something be brought up, but it is not going to be brought up. It is time. It is time that we have a vote. It is time that we have a hearing. It is time that we do something about gun violence. Today I just brought the picture of Garrett Swasey, the police officer who was killed in the mass shooting at the Planned Parenthood facility in Colorado Springs, and a picture to remember, Alex Teves, who was killed in the Aurora movie theater protecting his girlfriend from being shot by a madman who thought he was The Joker. It is time, Mr. Speaker. It is time, Mr. Speaker, that we address these things. We can’t avoid it any longer. These subjects are not going away. We are not going away. These people cannot have died in vain. Whether it is the 5 police officers shot last week, the 49 people killed at the nightclub, the hundreds who have been killed by guns over the course of the last few years, it is time for a hearing, and it is time for a vote. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of this people’s House with wisdom and the courage to address the pressing difficulties of our time. You know each one personally, through and through, and how they relate with one another. You know them, as Your people know them, as the 114th Congress. Help them to know You. Impel them by Your spirit to act justly and walk humbly with You. Inspire all of our citizens, as well, to look first to their blessings and then charitably to the work of this people’s House. Each Member chooses to serve another day. May each serve with honor, and merit the appreciation of those whom they serve. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. FORBES led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to take a stand against bureaucracy run amok. Every day I hear from hardworking Hoosiers, smallbusiness owners, and family farmers buried under red tape. They feel like their government is actively working against them. From ObamaCare, to the EPA, to many other agencies, the Obama administration has been churning out complex and costly regulations. This has to stop. We can’t have small business, farmers, and other engines of our economy held back by the threat of a regulator knocking on their door. That is why we have a plan to restore the Constitution. House Republicans recently released our plan for A Better Way to make our government more accountable and transparent and give power back to the people. Today we are also taking an important step toward reining in regulators and rebuilding the checks and balances our Founding Fathers intended with the Separation of Powers Restoration Act. Mr. Speaker, with this bill, and our A Better Way agenda, the House is standing up for the people against out ofcontrol bureaucracy. REBUILDING OUR INFRASTRUCTURE (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the poor condition of America’s infrastructure costs our economy hundreds of billions of dollars each year. Freight bottlenecks, aviation congestion, inadequate ports, and deteriorating roads will cost 2.5 million American jobs over the next 10 years unless we address it. Meanwhile, interest rates are at a historic low. The yield on a 10year Treasury bond is 1.4 percent. Indexed for inflation, the interest rate is negative. Observing this, Nobel Prize economist Paul Krugman wrote: ‘‘They say that money talks; well, cheap money is speaking very clearly right now, and it’s telling us to invest in our future,’’ to nationbuild in America. Increasing spending by $250 billion a year, the amount needed to bring our infrastructure to a state of good repair, would create 3 million jobs and would improve America’s competitiveness in the long term. We should use today’s record low rates to finance this inevitable spending. Refusing to do so makes no economic sense. I encourage this Congress to reconsider before this opportunity is lost. f 
TRAGEDY AT THE BERRIEN COUNTY COURTHOUSE (Mr. UPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, southwest Michigan has had some tough times lately, and now we are faced with the news that broke yesterday that two bailiffs at Berrien County Courthouse in my hometown of St. Joseph, Michigan, were slain by an inmate who had overpowered his guard. So I rise today to offer support and love for the victims’ friends, family and certainly our entire community. We should continue to keep those affected in our hearts and in our minds. I also want to thank the countless folks on the front lines who clearly prevented the tragedy from even being worse. The swift actions of those on the ground need to be commended, particularly the Berrien County Sheriff’s Department led by Sheriff Paul Bailey. I was with him just this past Saturday, and what he had to endure the last 24 hours is unthinkable. I also want to thank the immediate action and outpouring of support from our local officials: St. Joseph Mayor Mike Garey; Benton Harbor Mayor Marcus Muhammad; and Stateelected officials, including our Governor Rick Snyder and State legislators John Proos and Al Pscholka. It is times like these when we need to unite as one. This heartbreaking tragedy happened 
in the blink of an eye, but we will never forget. We will remember and honor Joe Zangaro, who I knew personally, who was the head of courthouse security, a retired Michigan State Police officer. We will remember and honor Ronald Kienzle, a U.S. Army veteran, retired Benton Township police officer. I ask my colleagues and those who hear this message across the country to pray for the families of the two victims, the speedy recovery of another deputy, James Atterberry, Jr., and a civilian caught in the middle, Kenya Ellis. We will get through this together. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. MATSUI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, it has been a challenging and heartbreaking time for our country. Today, we mark the 1month anniversary of the horrible mass shooting in Orlando. As we process the pain from the gun violence that continues to shake our Nation, we must come together and find solutions. We all share a desire to feel safe. We all want our children to grow up free from fear. The violence that has gripped our communities has taken many forms, and stems from many causes. There is no question that we have work to do, and that solutions will not be simple. But we can and should be taking action in Congress to make our citizens safer. We can’t solve every problem overnight, but we can take steps now to do some commonsense things Americans agree on, like expanding background checks and passing the bipartisan no fly, no buy bill. Mr. Speaker, let us work together to find a path forward in our shared commitment to peace in our Nation. 
MEDICAL DEVICE GUARDIANS (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Medical Device Guardians Act. The Guardians Act updates current laws regarding the reporting of unsafe medical devices by requiring that physicians and their offices be added to the list of entities that must report unsafe medical devices to the device manufacturer and to the FDA. The tragic stories of women harmed by one particular device known as a laparoscopic power morcellator highlight the need for the Guardians Act. Despite cancer being spread for years by the blades of this device, no one ever reported this deadly safety defect to the FDA. That is until Amy Reed, a mother of six and a doctor underwent morcellation and had cancer spread throughout her body. It should not have fallen on patients to get the FDA’s attention. This bill simply codifies an existing mandate of the American Medical Association’s Code of Medical Ethics, which recognizes that physicians are in the best position to identify and report unsafe devices. Today, reporting unsafe devices to the FDA is as easy as downloading an app on a smartphone. This is a reasonable fix that will save lives. I urge my colleagues to support it. f 
OUR FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, more than 80 percent of NRA members and over 80 percent of gun owners support background checks. It is because they are responsible gun owners. Responsible gun owners understand that there is nothing wrong with making sure that a prospective gun buyer isn’t a terrorist, a criminal, a domestic abuser, or dangerously mentally ill. Our first line of defense when it comes to making sure that guns don’t fall into dangerous hands is to conduct a background check. But sadly, a gaping loophole allows those same felons, domestic abusers, and fugitives to bypass a background check in 34 States by going online or to a gun show. That is why it is long past time for the Republican leadership to allow a vote on H.R. 1217, bipartisan, proSecond Amendment legislation to require background checks for all commercial gun sales. This debate isn’t a choice between respecting the Second Amendment or reducing gun violence. As a responsible gun owner, I am tired of it being framed that way. It is about this Congress doing both. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote. 
CUBAN AIRPORT SECURITY (Mr. HUDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5728, the bipartisan Cuban Airport Security Act of 2016. Over the past several months, the Obama administration and the Cuban Government have stonewalled oversight of airport security arrangements. This lack of transparency is troubling and begs the question: What are they hiding? As far as we know, Cuban airports don’t have proper screening for explosive detection; they can’t check for fake IDs and fake passports; they don’t allow TSA on the ground to evaluate security; and they don’t have air marshals on planes. The administration plans to start flights into Charlotte from Cuba in a few months, but they are not doing enough to guarantee there won’t be a security threat on one of those planes. After all, Cuba has been a safe haven for terrorists and was just recently removed from the list of state sponsors of terrorism. It is a brutal regime that recently hosted the North Korean equivalent of our CIA Director. We should not allow the proposed 110 flights a day of commercial air flights—indeed, we shouldn’t allow a single flight until we are absolutely sure they have the proper security at airports to protect the American people. This legislation puts the brakes on the President’s dangerous plans. I encourage my colleagues to support it. f 
IT IS TIME TO TAKE ACTION (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, today marks 1 month since the worst mass shooting in our Nation’s history. This week, we learned that the House majority will not bring a bill to the floor until after the 7week recess that starts this week. The majority claims that it needs to show calm, that it needs to show leadership. Well, the majority has already failed to show leadership. That is why we are not calm. It has been 30 days since Pulse, 223 days since San Bernardino, 226 days since Colorado Springs, 285 days since Roseburg, 362 days since Chattanooga, 390 days since Charleston, 781 days since Isla Vista, 832 days since Fort Hood, 1,030 days since Navy Yard, 1,131 days since Santa Monica, 1,306 days since Newtown, 1,383 days since Minneapolis, 1,437 days since Oak Creek, 1,453 days since Aurora, 1,562 days since Oakland, 1,735 days since Seal Beach, and 2,012 days since Tucson. This is not leadership. This is cold. This is heartless. This is cowardice. It is time to take action to make our communities safer. 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF OUR NATIONAL MOTTO (Mr. FORBES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, on July 30 we celebrate the 60th anniversary of our national motto, In God We Trust, which is displayed directly above your chair. Throughout our history as a nation, we have often struggled to find the right words in time of crisis or great challenge. In the War of 1812, we found those words in our national anthem when Francis Scott Key wrote: ‘‘And this be our motto: In God is our trust.’’ In 1864, Congress found them when it authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to add the inscription ‘‘In God We Trust’’ on coins. 
In 1955, Congress found those words when it extended the ‘‘In God We Trust’’ to be included on our currency, and in 1956, Congress found them when it adopted ‘‘In God We Trust’’ as the official motto of the United States. Today, as we see a divided Nation, a nation polarized in almost every area, today as we witness a nation facing crisis and challenge in a magnitude we have not seen in many years, as we search for the right words, let us hope we find them once again in the simple but powerful phrase, ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ So today, we celebrate the anniversary of this motto and pray for God’s continued blessing on our land. 
b1215 GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, there have been 231 mass shootings in 193 days so far in 2016. That is more than one per day. We are all directly affected by this gun violence epidemic in this country. In my own State and community, we have in fact seen a dramatic increase in this violence. We cannot passively accept that the epidemic of gun violence kills as many people as car accidents every year. And while the mass shootings in this country have in fact become commonplace, I cannot continue to bear witness to the totality of human suffering that this is causing: the mothers and fathers who have lost children, the children who have lost parents, thousands who have lost loved ones, and all those who will in fact endure a lifetime of pain and suffering. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I joined all my Democratic colleagues in an unprecedented sitin to urge Republican leadership to allow us to vote on legislation to close glaring problems in our Nation’s background check system, including a loophole that has allowed 2,000 individuals on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to successfully purchase a firearm since 2004. Americans have a constitutional right to live without fear of gun violence in our communities. 
TREATMENT BEFORE TRAGEDY (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, over the past several years, I have met with thousands of families of those suffering with severe mental illness. These conversations led to my introduction of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Last Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed this legislation with a near unanimous vote of 422–2. This historic vote closed a tragic chapter in our Nation’s treatment of serious mental illness and welcomed a new dawn of help and hope. We have overwhelmingly chosen to deliver treatment before tragedy. I now hope our colleagues in the Senate take up the next chapter and pass H.R. 2646. The current chaotic patchwork of antiquated Federal programs and laws make it impossible for those with serious mental illness to get meaningful care. My bill eliminates wasteful and effective programs and directs money where it is needed most. It is endorsed by over 50 professional organizations and over 60 newspapers. We cannot let these families down. Lives are depending on it. We must continue to work this bill all the way to the President’s desk for signature. f 
ORLANDO SHOOTING 1MONTH ANNIVERSARY (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, 1 month ago, 49 innocent individuals were mowed down and killed and 53 more were injured. Yet today, the Chamber’s business is still not focused on making our open spaces safer and passing safe gun measures to help protect our people. It has been 1 month after the worst killing in United States history since 9/ 11, and we still have not taken up commonsense gun safety measures to protect our citizens. Instead, it is business as usual: another bill to impede a woman’s right to choose, another appropriations bill that will undermine the Clean Water Act. As Members of Congress, we have to respond and answer to the American people that we represent—and they are asking for action. Enough is enough. The human rights and civil rights issue of our time is to protect our churches, our movie theaters, and our open spaces from mass murders by guns. Let’s have a vote, Mr. Speaker. Let’s take back our streets and make the Nation safer. 
CUBAN AIRPORT SECURITY (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my concerns about the Obama administration’s plans to restore regular air service to Cuba. Just 2 weeks ago, I was scheduled to go on a congressional delegation to Cuba to examine the security measures at Cuba’s 10 international airports to ensure the safety and security of Americans flying to Cuba. This trip was necessitated by stonewalling tactics used by administration officials when asked about security at Cuba’s airports during a recent Transportation Security Subcommittee hearing. However, the Cuban Government denied my visa as well as visas of every single member of the delegation. Because of that, I have serious concerns, as do my colleagues, about the capabilities of Cuba’s airport screening equipment and procedures, how Cuban airport workers are vetted, whether or not Federal air marshals will even be allowed to fly missions on American planes to and from Cuba, and many other questions. As the chairman of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, I believe it is my duty to do everything in my power to secure the security of the traveling American public, and I take that seriously. That is why I have introduced H.R. 5728, legislation to stop the administration from moving forward with flights to Cuba until these security concerns are adequately addressed. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this important piece of legislation. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. GRAYSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I represent Orlando, the site of the worst mass shooting in the history of the United States: 49 dead in a matter of just minutes. So far, there has been no action by this body to address any grievances. For instance, we have no action on PETER KING’s bill, the no fly, no buy terrorist gun bill. We have no action on PETER KING’s second bill, H.R. 1217. We have no action on DAVID CICILLINE ’s bill to reinstate the assault weapons ban, H.R. 4269; no action on SHEILA  JACKSON LEE’s bill, H.R. 4316; no action on the second bill that she introduced, H.R. 5470; no action on MIKETHOMP SON’s recently introduced bill, H.R. 5504; no action on my own bill to reinstate the assault weapons ban; no action even to show our respect for the dead by passing H. Res. 789, stalled in this body for a month. I don’t think we should be doing anything unless we are going to do something about making the American people safe again. Therefore, I move to adjourn in respect of Stanley Almodovar, one of the victims, and the remainder. 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WESTMORELAND ). The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON). The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 0, nays 377, 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Barletta Barton Bishop (GA) Brooks (AL) Bustos Byrne Clawson (FL) Costa Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Esty Fincher Forbes Foxx Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kirkpatrick Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Nolan Norcross Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Poe (TX) Ribble Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Sires Stivers Stutzman Takai Tiberi Titus Van Hollen Veasey Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Young (AK) Zinke 
b1244 Mr. HARPER, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Messrs. NEUGEBAUER, YOHO, WOODALL, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. BISHOP of Utah and DIAZBALART changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to adjourn was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: On rollcall No. 404, ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, On Tuesday, July 12, I unfortunately missed a rollcall vote on a motion to adjourn. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Rep. GRAYSON ’s motion to adjourn (Rollcall No. 404). 
JUSTICE GINSBURG SHOWED BAD JUDGMENT (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in a front page New York Times article, it was reported that Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg made derogatory statements about Donald Trump. Justice Ginsburg was being interviewed by the newspaper so she knew that her remarks would be made public. They were particularly personal and demeaning. The Code of Conduct for judges states: ‘‘A judge should not publicly endorse or oppose a candidate for public office.’’ It was totally inexcusable and unprofessional for Justice Ginsburg to insult a Presidential candidate. It hurt the credibility of the Supreme Court and showed bad judgment. It will be difficult for the American people to believe Justice Ginsburg can be impartial in any rulings that involve political issues. Her verbal attack on Donald Trump only contributes to the public’s feeling that the justice system may be rigged. 
REMEMBERING AND HONORING THE DEATH OF OFFICER LORNE AHRENS OF BURLESON, TEXAS (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, the city of Dallas experienced tremendous tragedy last week. It was the deadliest day for law enforcement since September 11, 2011. Burleson resident, Lorne Ahrens, was one of the five officers who so courageously made the ultimate sacrifice. I am honored to have been able to say he hailed from Texas’ 25th Congressional District. At 6 feet, 5 inches, and 300 pounds, Officer Ahrens has been described as ‘‘a big guy with an even bigger heart.’’ His colleagues said he always had a smile on his face. He was a loving and devoted husband and father. Officer Ahrens often volunteered at his children’s schools. He was known to be a jokester, a friend, and a true cop. The day before his death, it was reported 
that Officer Ahrens bought dinner for a homeless man and his dog. This is who he was. This is who we lost. A semipro football player, Officer Lorne Ahrens began as a dispatcher at the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department and joined the Dallas police force in 2002, eventually becoming a senior corporal. There are no words to express the sadness felt by the entire Burleson community. I send my prayers to his wife Katrina and their family. I am encouraged by the outpouring of support Officer Ahrens’ family has received, and I know it will continue in our community. May the Lord’s strength give their hearts and souls peace and comfort. In God we always trust. 
125 YEARS OF MINNESOTA SUCCESS (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an incredible company and true Minnesota original, Hormel Foods, which is celebrating 125 years of success. Ever since George Hormel founded what is known today as the Hormel Foods Corporation in 1891, this company has created some of the most wellknown products in the food industry. Hormel started off as a smalltown business in Austin, Minnesota, but quickly evolved with offices opening all over the State and Nation after the introduction of products like the world’s first canned ham. One of the best known products that introduced Hormel to the country and the world is the Minnesota staple called SPAM. Over the past 125 years, Hormel has continued to invent and acquire new products like Skippy Peanut Butter and Applegate Farms. In fact, Forbes has named Hormel one of the most innovative companies in the food processing industry. I want to thank Hormel for being such a great Minnesota company for the past 125 years and for feeding our State, Nation, and the world. Congratulations, Hormel. Minnesota is proud to call you one of our own. 
IRAN DEAL DOOMED FROM BEGINNING (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this Thursday marks the 1year anniversary of the Iran nuclear deal. Despite assurances from the Obama administration, it is clear we need to do more to curb Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism, human rights abuses, and their ability to destabilize the region. This week, the House of Representatives will vote on commonsense measures to address these concerns. Heavy water plays an important role in developing nuclear weapons. Yet the Iran nuclear deal allows Iran to possess heavy water up to a certain amount and then sell any additional heavy water on the international market. As a result, the United States, in April, purchased 32 metric tons of heavy water from Iran, which means we are currently subsidizing and rewarding Iran’s production of a key building block for a nuclear weapons program. This just doesn’t make sense and is certainly outside of the idea of the deal that was made over a year ago; that, combined with testing of missiles, new contracts for Iran, and the $150 billion that was released to them. H.R. 5119, introduced by my colleague, Representative POMPEO , would further prohibit that. H.R. 5631 would hold Iran accountable for its State sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities. We need to move these measures and hold them accountable. 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF WEST POINT CADET TOM SURDYKE (Mr. SMITH of Missouri asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of West Point Cadet Tom Surdyke from Festus, Missouri. I had the honor to appoint Tom to West Point in 2015 and to share in his family’s celebration the day he earned his Eagle Scout. Tom was a member of Missouri Boys State and an honor student at St. Pius High School. He was the proud son of Tim and Janice Surdyke and the beloved brother of Elaine, Rosemary, and Francie. Tom chose a life of service at West Point, and in his death, he proved that serving others was always in his heart. While on vacation on June 24, 2016, Tom and another swimmer he had just met on shore were caught in a riptide. Tom instinctively went to the other young man who could not swim, keeping him afloat. But Tom was pulled under. Tom died in the hospital 4 days later. Continuing his ultimate goal to serve, Tom donated his organs. He was buried at West Point on July 4, 2016— on his 19th birthday. He was given the Soldier’s Medal, the Army’s highest noncombat valor award because he saved the life of another. I grieve the loss of this gifted young man who would have no doubt distinguished himself in a life of military service. But, today, I celebrate Tom Surdyke’s spirit, his character, and the selfless act that distinguished him in death. 
MAYS’ FAMILY REUNION (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a family of Texas pioneers who lived in Robstown, Texas, for 108 years. The first of the Mays family to settle in Robstown were Ella and Riley, along with their 12 children. They arrived in 1912 as the first African American family in the city. On August 7 of this year, they will be holding a family reunion at the Richard M. Borchard Regional Fairgrounds in Robstown. Once Ella and Riley settled, they founded the Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church, which served as both a church and the first public African American school in the city. They were important members of the community. The city of Robstown even named a street after Riley, who served as the deacon and Sunday school teacher of Mt. Zion where Ella was a nurse and missionary. Their hard work and dedication to faith, family, and community is an inspiration to us all. I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the Mays’ wonderful legacy and lasting impact they have had on Robstown, the Coastal Bend, and beyond. May God bless you all. f 
LABELING REQUIREMENTS HURT CRAFT BREWERIES (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Minnesota is the proud home to over 100 craft breweries. Many of these breweries are small, but they still provide jobs and a real impact to our local economies across our great State. There are nearly 5,000 craft brewers across the country. Unfortunately, a provision buried deep within the President’s new healthcare law mandates that brewers label every single beer they produce with detailed calorie information. This labeling requirement is projected now to cost $77,000 per brewery. It is a financial burden that will be simply too steep for a lot of brewers who are just trying to get up and running and operating with little or no profit. This is just the latest excessive and onerous burden placed upon small businesses by the President’s new healthcare law. Mr. Speaker, Washington should be getting out of the way so that craft breweries have a chance to thrive, not putting up more unnecessary red tape that makes it impossible to do business. It is time to act and repeal this harmful labeling requirement to prevent jobs from being lost, and to allow Americans to continue enjoying their locally produced craft beverage. 
GIRL SCOUTS’ GOLD AWARD CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Girl Scouts of the USA who have received their Gold Award for 2016, and to celebrate the 100th anniversary of this prestigious award. In 1916, the Girl Scouts of the USA, which was founded in Savannah, Georgia, 5 years earlier, created the Gold Award as their highest achievement for a Girl Scout. Since its creation, there have been only 1 million Girl Scouts who have received this award. Young women who receive the Gold Award are true leaders and make a significant impact in their community and around the world. This award is extremely competitive, and recipients show a true commitment in making a difference. The women who receive this award have shown to be more engaged in leadership and community service positions and gain a stronger sense of self. For example, over half the women in the 114th Congress were Girl Scouts at one point. Today, I would like to recognize the positive impacts of the Girl Scouts’ Gold Award and celebrate its 100th anniversary. I look forward to another 100 years of this leadership and making a difference. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5538, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 15, 2016, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 5, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 820 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. b1300 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGH TER), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 820, providing for consideration of an important piece of legislation, H.R. 5538, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 5538 under a structured rule, which is a standard tool currently available under the rules of the House and previously used by both Republicans and Democrats for consideration of appropriation bills. However, the Rules Committee received 178 amendments to this bill and undertook a long, arduous, and very open process to make as many amendments in order as possible. While 10 were withdrawn, out of the remaining 168 amendments, the committee made 131 in order, almost equally divided between Republicans and Democrats, ensuring that both sides of the aisle have the opportunity to offer their amendments and provide their input on this very important measure. Mr. Speaker, the bill appropriates funding for the Department of Interior, the EPA, the U.S. Forest Service, the Indian Health Service, and various independent and related agencies. This is a fiscally responsible measure that appropriates $32.095 billion in discretionary spending, which is a $64 million decrease from fiscal year 2016 and a $1 
billion reduction from the President’s request. While this bill respects our country’s current fiscal year situation, where our national debt is approaching $20 trillion, it provides the means necessary to fund the Department of Interior and environmental programs that protect and promote our natural resources within a responsible, yet sustainable budget. The legislation includes funding for many important priorities, such as the PILT program that provides funds for local governments in 49 States to help offset losses in property taxes due to nontaxable Federal lands within their counties. Without congressional action, many rural communities would face huge budget shortfalls because of Federal land ownership, which would impact public safety, education, and other local government responsibilities. The bill also rejects a White House proposal that would have raised fees on American ranchers for grazing on Federal lands, which is another costly Federal proposal that ranchers simply cannot afford. It allocates an increase for ontheground sage grouse conservation to protect the species, while also preserving Federal lands for public and private uses, such as energy development, ranching, recreation, as well as military training. Finally, it provides the National Park Service with targeted funding increases for park operations and maintenance to help reduce the Park Service’s maintenance backlog, which currently stands at an astonishing $12 billion, and we simply must address. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5538 also includes conservative policy provisions to stop the bureaucratic regulatory overreach that is harming the United States. Job creation and wage growth continue to be stifled by EPA and other Federal regulations. In response, this bill denies funding for jobkilling rules and contains provisions to stop the regulatory overreach that is restricting economic activity. Specifically, the bill reduces funding for the EPA by $164 million below the fiscal year 2016 level and $294 million below the President’s request. Within this total, EPA’s regulatory programs are reduced by $43 million from the current level. Additionally, it rejects the President’s proposal to increase staffing at the EPA and holds the agency to the current capacity of 15,000 positions, which is the lowest level since 1989. Over the past few years, we have heard time and again about the EPA overstepping its authority, whether by lobbying for the misguided and unconstitutional WOTUS rule, or by providing funds to groups that openly advocate and lobby for antiagricultural policies and legislation, which happened in my State of Washington with the illegal ‘‘what’s upstream’’ campaign. To hold the EPA accountable and stop its antigrowth agenda of numerous harmful, costly, and potentially jobkilling regulations, the bill contains a number of legislative provisions to halt these actions. Mr. Speaker, this legislation also includes language prohibiting the Forest Service or the BLM from issuing new closures of public lands to hunting and recreational shooting, which will preserve public access so that everyone can enjoy these American pastimes on our treasured Federal lands and national forests. Further, the measure prevents the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from closing fish hatcheries, a key salmon recovery tool in the Pacific Northwest and in other parts of the country, and continues a 1year delay on any further Endangered Species Act status reviews, determinations, and rulemakings for the greater sage grouse. Additionally, H.R. 5538 provides critical funding for the Department of Interior and the U.S. Forest Service to prevent and combat devastating wildfires. This is particularly important to me and the people of Washington’s Fourth Congressional District. My State and much of the West have experienced catastrophic wildfire seasons over the last 2 years, with the State of Washington enduring backto back years of recordsetting fires, which have been fueled by not only a lack of rainfall and extremely arid conditions, but also poor forest management. It also includes $575 million for hazardous fuels management, which is $30 million above the fiscal year 2016 level, and will help ensure our forests are cleared, healthy, and better prepared to withstand future wildfires, something that is badly needed not only in central Washington, but across the West, as we head into another dry fire season. Mr. Speaker, this is a good rule that provides for consideration of the FY 2017 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, which promotes the responsible use of our natural resources, provides the tools necessary to protect and combat devastating wildfires, and invests in programs and infrastructure to improve the quality of life for families across the country. However, most importantly, this is a fiscally responsible bill that reflects the priorities of House Republicans in tackling our yearly deficits and outofcontrol national debt. I think it strikes a smart, intentional balance between funding essential programs and making responsible reductions to lower priority activities to make sure we meet our tight budget guidelines, which is why I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 0, nays 362, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 70, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) 
Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Bass Bishop (GA) Black Butterfield Calvert Ca´rdenas Clawson (FL) Collins (NY) Comstock Crawford Davidson Davis, Danny Edwards Ellison Fincher Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garamendi Granger Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Heck (WA) Hinojosa Hultgren Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Lamborn Larsen (WA) Lummis Marchant Marino McGovern Miller (FL) Nolan Nugent Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Poe (TX) Rangel Ribble Rigell Rooney (FL) Russell Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scott (VA) Sewell (AL) Simpson Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Takai Tiberi Titus Veasey Wagner Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) b1343 Messrs. GOHMERT, COFFMAN, LABRADOR, and CARTER of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to adjourn was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5538, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 15, 2016, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 5, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGH TER) is recognized for 30 minutes. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for graciously yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, despite the repeated claims by the majority that the Chamber is an open one and represents the American people, we have not had a single open rule since Speaker RYAN assumed the gavel. Although they claim there are many restricting amendments processed to prevent so called ‘‘poison pill’’ amendments, nothing could be further from the truth, and, frankly, even poison pill amendments are allowable. The bill before us contains several controversial policy riders that virtually guarantee the President’s veto and blocks a number of amendments that would be in order under the standing rules of the House. b1345 The bill drastically underfunds important agencies and programs by more than $1 billion below the President’s request. This sends a message that the majority puts what is best for their special interests ahead of what is best for the health of our communities. I am particularly concerned that the bill makes draconian cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency, which will undercut the health and safety of all Americans—these cuts, despite the ongoing public health disaster in Flint, Michigan, where, for the rest of their lives, the children who were poisoned by lead in their drinking water could suffer from neurodevelopmental damage that could lead to everything from behavioral changes, to anemia, to hypertension. All across the Nation, there are centuryold water pipes in older cities in desperate need of replacement. Although lead pipes were banned 30 years ago, there are an estimated 3 to 10 million still in service today. My district has an estimated 23,000 lead service lines that lead from the water main to the curb, and that is 40 percent of all the water lines in the district. Multiple schools in the district recently tested have found elevated lead levels in their water sources. The majority refuses to make virtually any investments in our Nation’s infrastructure as it crumbles. But as you know, Mr. Speaker, lead has been found in the drinking water in the Cannon Building, one of the legislative office buildings. I can almost guarantee you that before the next week is out, that that will be taken care of. I don’t know how this Congress can ignore the needs of the young people in Flint, Michigan, and other children throughout this country who are drinking lead water in their schools such that we will take care of what happens here in Congress and completely overlook and ignore their needs. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, being as we have no additional speakers, I just would like to inquire of the gentlewoman from New York if she is ready to close. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, every day we are here considering bills like this that will never become law, and every time we do that, that is another day that we have failed to combat the gun violence epidemic that is tearing our country apart. Mr. Speaker, an epidemic of gun violence is happening all across the country, and the majority should stop the political games and the gimmicks. Instead of voting on another oneHouse bill that is sure to be vetoed by the President should it ever become a two House bill, we should be voting on no fly, no buy. It is astonishing to American citizens that persons who are on the nofly list as suspected terrorists can nonetheless buy guns. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up this important legislation. No fly, no buy is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that would keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. In the interest of public safety, if nothing else, we should be doing that by all means. It is supported by nearly 90 percent of the public and deserves our consideration. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on ordering the previous question, the rule, and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The rule we have considered today provides for consideration of an important and badly needed bill. This legislation funds critical activities, such as wildfire mitigation and response, PILT payments for counties with large amounts of Federal lands, fish hatcheries that are helping to meet salmon recovery goals, the $12 billion maintenance backlog on our National Park Service lands, and the need to address the problem of lead in drinking water across our country. This is also a fiscally responsible bill that reflects House Republicans’ priorities in tackling our outofcontrol national debt. This is accomplished by striking a smart balance between funding essential programs and making responsible reductions to lower priority activities to ensure we meet our tight budget guidelines. This bill includes provisions that will roll back and prevent many harmful Federal regulations that have had a chilling effect on business development and economic activity at a time when we can ill afford either. The measure protects the rights of lawabiding Americans by prohibiting Federal agencies from issuing new closures of public lands to hunting and recreational shooting as well as from regulating the lead content of ammunition and fishing tackle. Mr. Speaker, this legislation recognizes and respects the current fiscal landscape, lowers overall funding in the bill by $64 million below current levels and $1 billion below the President’s request, yet it still provides the means necessary to fund the Department of the Interior and environmental programs that protect and promote our natural resources with a responsible, yet sustainable, budget. Additionally, the measure provides critically needed funds to ensure forest health and combat wildfires, a priority for many living in the West who have seen devastating wildfires destroy homes, businesses, and millions of acres of land over the last few years. This is a strong rule that provides for the consideration of a very important bill, and I urge my colleagues to support the rule’s adoption and invest in a prosperous future for our country by passing the FY 2017 Interior and environment appropriations bill. The material previously referred to by Ms. SLAUGHTER is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4992, UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5119, NO 2H2O FROM IRAN ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5631, IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 819 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 819 allows for consideration of three very important bills relating to the national security of the United States of America. Each of these bills deals with Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. The conduct of the Iranian Government continues to be very concerning. Iran has a clear record of human rights violations and mistreatment of its citizens. Iran also has continued aggressive behavior, including testing intercontinental ballistic missiles, which can be used to attack our allies in the Middle East, like Israel, as well as the potential to strike us here at home. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper wrote in testimony to the Senate Committee on Armed Services earlier this year: ‘‘The Islamic Republic of Iran presents an enduring threat to U.S. national interests because of its support to regional terrorist and militant groups and the Asad regime, as well as its development of advanced military capabilities.’’ Iran is not becoming a better partner or neighbor. Just look no further than the capture at gunpoint and detention of 10 U.S. sailors earlier this year. A Navy investigation released a few weeks ago found that Iran violated international law and violated sovereign immunity during that episode. Clearly, they are no friend of the United States. So these bills address three different areas where the United States can stand up to Iran and encourage them to stop with their rogue actions and putting lives at risk. First, the resolution allows for consideration of H.R. 4992, the United States Financial System Protection Act. This legislation will codify existing requirements that prohibit the Obama administration from allowing the U.S. dollar to be used to facilitate trade transactions with Iran. These requirements will remain in place until the President certifies that Iran is no longer supporting terrorism, developing ballistic missiles, abusing human rights, or laundering money in support of dishonest activity. Iran’s financial sector poses a clear risk to financial markets around the world, given their track record of corruption and support for terrorism. In fact, the Financial Action Task Force, an organization created by the G7 to set standards regarding money laundering, has labeled Iran as a NonCooperative Country or Territory. If Iran doesn’t want to be subject to these restrictions, then it is simple: they just need to stop supporting terrorism and conducting other illicit activities. I don’t think that is too much to ask. The bill also allows for consideration of H.R. 5119, the No 2H2O from Iran Act. This straightforward bill prohibits the United States from purchasing heavy water from Iran. For those who do not know—and until I learned about this, I would have been one of those—heavy water is essential to the production of weapons grade plutonium. News reports from just yesterday indicate the Obama administration has officially purchased 32 metric tons of heavy water from Iran for $8.6 million. That is $8.6 million in U.S. taxpayer money that will be going to the largest state sponsor of terrorism. That is simply absurd. If Iran isn’t producing nuclear weapons, then why do they need such large amounts of heavy water to begin with? Iran needs to stop with their production of heavy water altogether. The last thing the United States should do is continue to support and condone their illicit activities. Finally, the bill also provides for consideration of H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act. This bill will ensure strong sanctions remain in place against Iran for their support of terrorism as well as their human rights violations and continued ballistic missile program. Holding Iran accountable is critically important, and it is clear that our sanctions against Iran work. Robust economic sanctions will force Iran to back down from their rogue activities and stop supporting terrorism. b1400 Just consider the serious threats posed by Iran’s ballistic missile program. Mr. Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, has also written in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee that ‘‘Iran’s ballistic missiles are inherently capable of delivering weapons of mass destruction, and Tehran already has the largest inventory of ballistic missiles in the Middle East.’’ The United States cannot stand by and become complicit with these actions by Iran. We must stand up for freedom, justice, and good around the globe. Mr. Speaker, I want to quickly make one other point. I know Members of this House have different opinions about the Iran nuclear agreement. Personally, I was and am strongly opposed, because I think it makes the world less safe. But regardless of your views on the Iran deal, can we not all agree that Iran should stop supporting terrorism? Can we not all agree that Iran should face consequences for the continued violation of human rights? Can we not all agree that Iran should stop producing ballistic missiles that can be used to attack U.S. servicemembers and our allies and us here at home? Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand up to Iran. Support House Resolution 819 and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding the customary time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule that provides for consideration of three bills: H.R. 5631, H.R. 5119, H.R. 4992. Mr. Speaker, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is an agreement which was the culmination of 2 years of negotiations between the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, China, Germany, and Iran. It was really a turning point in the history of nuclear disarmament and prevention of nuclear proliferation. We have certifiable assurance from Iran that it will cease to develop its nuclear weapons program. It was an historic diplomatic effort. Obviously, the jury is still out on whether it works. But at this point, we need to move forward on the rigid implementation of this agreement. While any multilateral agreement, by its very nature, is far from perfect, many believe that this deal represented the best shot at preventing a nuclear armed Iran. So far, it is too early to say whether the agreement is working. There is no doubt—and I think there is agreement—that Iran is a destabilizing force in the region. It is a hostile regime. The regular regime and their theocracy and the Ayatollah regularly spout antiAmerican, anti Israel, antiSemitic, antigay statements. They have a track record of supporting terrorist activities and have a horrible domestic record on human 
rights. But as many renowned experts, including military officials and nonproliferation experts and nuclear physicists have recognized, there weren’t any better options on the table than the JCPOA to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. The deal is not based on blind trust. It is predicated on thirdparty verification and strong international monitoring provisions that need to be fully implemented so that we will know if the Iranians cheat. The deal mandates that if Iran violates any aspect of the deal, there are tough snapback sanctions that would be employed against the Iranians. Keep in mind that there are a number of sanctions that are not related to nuclear deterrence. Those are still in place with regard to Iran, and will remain in place with regard to terrorist activity and human rights. The bill does not remove the military option from the table if today’s Iranian regime or future Iranian regimes fail to abide by the agreement. In contrast, the three bills under consideration today are an effort to undermine the direction that America and Israel are going with regard to rigid implementation of the JCPOA. Let’s start with the flawed process. None of these bills have had a chance to be considered by committee. They just sort of appeared here in the Rules Committee. They didn’t go through the Foreign Affairs Committee or the Armed Services Committee or any other committee. They skipped a markup. They skipped bipartisan negotiations. As far as I know, I certainly didn’t see them. I don’t think any Members on my side of the aisle saw them—if the gentleman has other information, let us know—until earlier this week. So I am not aware of any bipartisan negotiations. Certainly, that normally occurs in the committee. This leapt over the committee and went right to the Rules Committee and, of course, will be considered under a closed rule, which means Members of this body, Democratic and Republicans, had no chance to amend these bills that mysteriously appeared on Monday. They didn’t have a chance in committee. It went through committee. They don’t have a chance here because the Rules Committee actually blocked every amendment by having a closed process. We have an amendment process for a reason, under regular order. It provides Members of this body, the majority and minority party, the opportunity for input and debate. It often leads to a better work product. Unfortunately, under this rule, it is not being allowed on those bills. These bills shortcircuited the process. They are bad bills. It is only through continued engagement and rigid implementation that we can continue to make sure that Iran does not develop nuclear weapons, by keeping our voice and the conversation at the table. If we don’t do that, it would be a critical miscalculation. We can agree that the Iranian regime can be untrustworthy, and that is why we need rigid implementation of the JCPOA. Getting Iran to the negotiating table reduces the risk of adding another nuclear state to a secure world. We need to verify, verify. And, of course, all options remain on the table. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I was listening to the gentleman’s comments. The reason why I know amendments were made in order is that only one amendment was received by the committee. It was received after we had finished having the testimony before the committee and shortly before the committee was going to take up the rule. So there really wasn’t any reasonable way to consider that particular amendment. And since no other Member of the House had offered any amendments, there really weren’t any amendments to make in order. The second point he said is that we are proceeding on the assurance that Iran is going to comply with the agreement—the assurance of Iran, when we have recent news reports that people in other countries that are working on this, particularly in Germany, have found that there have already been violations of this agreement by Iran. So there is every reason to believe that an assurance from Iran means nothing. Nothing. He says we need to move forward with implementation. Well, there is nothing in the underlying bills that would stop implementation of this agreement that the President agreed to and that, unfortunately, not enough of us were against to stop. So the agreement is going forward, much to my chagrin. These three bills deal with specific threats from Iran that have nothing to do with the agreement. They deal with the production of heavy water. There is no reason for us to buy heavy water. There is no reason for them to produce heavy water unless they are producing weaponsgrade plutonium. And there is no reason for them to produce weaponsgrade plutonium unless they are producing weapons, which is a violation of the agreement. They should not be able to use American currency to effect their transactions. And we should put very heavy sanctions on them while they continue to support terrorism around the world and while they continue to support ever bigger, ever longerrange ballistic missiles. Let’s make no mistake about it. Longrange ballistic missiles are not needed to hit Israel. Longrange ballistic missiles are needed to hit Europe and the United States of America. So these three bills don’t get at the agreement that the President has already agreed to and that people on the other side of the aisle and some others said were okay. These get to the remaining threats against the people of the United States. I would suggest to the gentleman that these three bills are very much important to what we need to do to protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, one year ago, America made a momentous decision concerning the best way to deal with Iran, a dangerous, authoritarian regime with a history of promoting terrorism. We made a choice between war and peace. We learned something from the colossal failure of the BushCheney goitalone, warof choice in Iraq. We wisely chose the path of diplomacy. Now, one year after these very difficult negotiations with Iran, we should recognize that success has been achieved. And even though we have not limited every danger from Iran, we have limited the most significant danger, the development of a nuclear weapon. Whereas before, Iran could have developed a nuclear weapon within a few months, it now would take a year or more, if Iran made that horrible decision to produce a nuclear weapon. Before the agreement, Iran’s nuclear program was cloaked in secrecy. Now we have inspectors and the opportunity for rigorous examination of their sites on a regular basis. Tomorrow, if Iran were to decide to produce a nuclear weapon, not only would it take four to six times longer than before, we would quickly be aware of it and would be able to take appropriate action. Iran has shipped over 8.5 tons of enriched uranium to Russia. It has disabled more than 12,000 centrifuges and poured concrete into the core of a reactor at Arak designed to produce plutonium. Now, it is the United States that is acquiring some of Iran’s heavy water that might have gone to nuclear production. Each of these steps carries us further on a long and important road toward eliminating Iran’s shortterm uranium and plutonium pathways to a nuclear weapon. That is progress, by every measure. America and our key allies are safer today than we were a year ago, and before that—safer than if we had followed their path of confrontation and war. Continuous, intrusive monitoring is the key to keeping our families safe and avoiding war. An impressive bipartisan group of some 75 highprofile signatories—Nobel laureates, generals, diplomats, and legislators—have approved this accord, advising the President and Congress yesterday that this agreement is ‘‘providing greater security to our friends and partners in the region and to the world,’’ noting that ‘‘all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked.’’ 
After doing everything they possibly could think of to subvert and undermine the negotiations while they were underway with Iran—even an outrageous letter from a Republican group of Senators telling the Iranians to believe them and not the President of the United States—the Republicans today continue to interfere with and refuse to accept peace as the better course to safeguard our families. Through today’s debate, they launched yet one more partisan attack on this agreement. In all, they have authored more than 20 pieces of legislation attempting to undermine this agreement. While the administration properly focuses our energy on enhanced verification, Republicans focus theirs instead on how to destroy the agreement. It is much like the debate we had over the Affordable Care Act. All they are concerned with is one vote of repeal after another, and they offer no viable alternatives. That is the case here. Instead of focusing on how to make us safer, their goal is to undermine the President of the United States and destroy this agreement. As usual, my colleagues are choosing inaction over a Plan of Action. They know the President has issued a veto threat. In the unlikely event that this regressive legislation were to be approved in Congress, it would never become law. Today they are adopting a procedural rule so that this House will waste a full day discussing how to destroy the Iran nuclear agreement. It will not address gun violence. It will not address the failure to fund research for a vaccine to prepare and prevent the Zika virus from spreading. It will not do anything about voting rights or a host of other issues this Congress should be considering. Instead, it is raising three bills going the wrong direction. Some of those that reject diplomacy today are the same people that were backing the goitalone invasion of Iraq, a debacle second to none in the history of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DOGGETT. One country, more than any other, benefited from their wrongheaded decision, and was empowered. That country was Iran. Today, diplomacy, the opposite of war, is hard to start and easy to end. Let us continue on that path. The path ahead remains difficult. Iran will be challenging. We must watch it like a hawk and monitor it, but we need not yield to the hawks who reject peace. b1415 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman said that the decision made last year was a momentous decision. I agree with him. It was a momentous decision and I fear it is a decision that our children, our grandchildren and great grandchildren will come to regret, a decision that will give us not only a nuclearized Iran, but a nuclearized Middle East. He said there was a choice between war and peace. That was a false choice. There was a choice between keeping the sanctions in place to get a better deal or giving in, and we gave in. So the truth of the matter is that we had a real option out there, and that was to stick to our guns and get a better deal. We didn’t do that. We could sit back and watch what is happening, or we can do something. These bills do something that don’t undermine the agreement that has already been reached and already been basically approved by a number of people in this House. What we are looking at is a nuclearized Middle East, unless we take some steps now, and these underlying bills do that. We are not safer today because of what we did. The world is far more dangerous. I sit on the Armed Services Committee. I can tell you that that decision last summer has destabilized further the Middle East, not further stabilized it. Finally, the gentleman brought up the Zika virus. We passed a responsible bill through this House that dealt with the Zika virus and sent it to the Senate and Democrats in the Senate are blocking that bill from coming up. So who is being responsible about Zika? The Republicans are being responsible about Zika and the Democrats are being irresponsible. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire if the gentleman has any additional speakers. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I do not, and I am prepared to close. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I will be offering a motion in a moment that, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to bring up the bipartisan ‘‘No Fly No Buy’’ legislation, so this will give Members of this body another opportunity to vote on bringing up the bill that would bar the sale of explosives and firearms to terrorists, and help make sure that terrorists don’t assemble arsenals in our country to commit terrorist acts against our country. The time to act is now. To discuss our previous question, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I think the previous question is extremely important because Republicans, just as they fled in the middle of the night from discussing gun violence before the July 4 break, have now decided not to consider a gun bill at all, even an NRA backed proposal they have rejected. But I want to ask the gentleman specifically about the comments that were just made about the Zika virus and the possibility of an epidemic, because it is so important. Am I correct that that proposal that he says they passed is the first one in the history of my time here, and perhaps in the history of this body, where they prohibited even one minute of debate of the way that they were funding Zika by taking the funds away from Ebola and threatening our public health system? It is not a question of Democrats having blocked something. It has been their refusal to deal with and recognize the public health challenge, denying $4 of $5 asked for by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to deal with Zika, even threatening the possibility of developing a vaccine. Is that correct, this has been the history of their failure to come to terms with a major public health crisis and listen to the scientists and the physicians and the public health experts and, instead, pursuing this ideological crusade to take away money from public health? Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. DOGGETT. I yield to the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. The gentleman from Texas is correct. Effectively, rather than actually find resources to develop a vaccine against Zika, they basically said, we are going to be taking the money from Ebola, which, by the way, still exists, still is a threat. We need to be ready for the next threat of an Ebola or Ebolalike danger to our citizens from a public health perspective. In addition, the initial Republican attempts included things that they long wanted to do, like remove dangerous insecticides from the list of insecticides that are prohibited, due to their harm to human health as well as ecosystems and animal health. The solution is straightforward. We need to develop a vaccine. We need to increase our public health infrastructure around this menace, and the bill fell short on that account because, effectively, it said, we might be able to not deal with Ebola and deal with this instead. The truth is, the American people want a public health infrastructure that keeps them safe from Ebola and Zika and every other potential biological threat that is out there. The American people want to be safe. It is a dynamic world with increased travel, increased commerce. There are biological threats from all quarters, and we need the public health infrastructure to keep up with that. Mr. DOGGETT. Those Texassize mosquitos that are beginning to spread around my part of the country, they can’t tell a Republican from a Democrat. Young women desirous of having a family, people of all ages and genders, are threatened by Zika. It is just a matter of time before the Continental United States faces some of the problems that Puerto Rico already faces, and what we need is to 
come together and have a bipartisan solution, not something offered in the middle of the night on which all debate is denied, a totally partisan approach. So just as I am pleased that we have strong bipartisan support for the Iran Nuclear Agreement, coming together with this major letter that was sent to us yesterday, that is the kind of bipartisan approach I hope we can work to eventually, perhaps when we come back after this long Republican recess, one of the longest in the history of the Congress, to address Zika, and address these other problems that they refuse to deal with today. I thank the gentleman. Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentleman from Texas. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. If we can defeat this particular previous question, we will bring up the bill that prevents terrorists from assembling arsenals of weapons. We also, of course, want to be part of a constructive discussion around combating the Zika menace. I am hopeful that the House will find time to do that in the next few days. I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ to defeat the previous question so that we can keep our country safer. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bills because they interfere with our efforts to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons in the rigid implementation of the JCPOA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. As frequently happens around here, the House passed one version of the Zika bill, the Senate passed another version. The Senate version contained $1.1 billion in spending. The House, in our agreement to the conference committee, agreed with the $1.1 billion, so we, essentially, agreed to what the Senate wanted to have in terms of the dollar amount. So we brought that conference report to the floor of this House so that we could go ahead and move that before we went out for Fourth of July recess. But, instead of helping us to pass that, my friends from the other side of the aisle blocked the well, tried to stop us from bringing it up. And I would say this: There was some talk about amendments. We don’t normally have amendments to conference reports. That is not typical procedure around here. Perhaps more to the point, we couldn’t get to an amendment debate because of the way we had behavior on the floor of the House that evening which, by the way, was in violation of the House rules. So it has been the Republicans that have tried to get something that would help with this Zika virus problem, and we have been blocked, almost completely blocked here on the floor of the House by the Democrats, and then blocked completely over in the Senate by the Democrats in the Senate. The Republicans are taking a responsible, constructive approach, and the Democrats, they just want to block things to try to make some political points and raise money or whatever it is they are trying to do. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 819 and the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5658) to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5658 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tested Ability to Leverage Exceptional National Talent Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘TALENT Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5658, the TALENT Act of 2016, introduced by our distinguished majority leader, Representative KEVIN MCCARTHY of Bakersfield, California. I commend the leader for bringing before the House this bill as part of his Innovation Initiative, rethinking what government does and how government operates. Mr. Speaker, the TALENT Act makes permanent the Presidential Innovation Fellows program that was created by the administration in 2012. This highly competitive program recruits talented innovators and technologists to Federal agencies from the private sector. During this short timeframe, fellows work on initiatives to transfer ideas into tangible results for American taxpayers at startup speeds. Since 2012, 96 top innovators have been recruited into the program from across the country. Presidential Innovation Fellows are rethinking what government does and how government operates. Consider one example of the program’s work. Presidential Innovation Fellows improved services available to veterans, transitioning servicemembers, and their spouses. As a result, veterans now have better access to a re´sume´builder, a military skills translator, and detailed career and training resources all together in one place. Mr. Speaker, the Presidential Innovation Fellowship program is demonstrating results and should continue. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5658. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of the TALENT Act. I believe it will help our government 
continue to attract the best and the brightest to help some of our Nation’s largest challenges. This Act codifies Executive Order 13704, and ensures the continuation of the Presidential Innovation Fellows program, which helps bring privatesector information technology solutions to Federal agencies. Established by President Obama in 2012, this program has matched over 100 innovators with top civil servants at 25 different Federal departments and agencies. These partnerships harness new technology and tools to create a more effective and efficient government. During their tenure, fellows work to quickly deliver innovative products and services that help improve the way the Federal Government interacts with the American people. The fellows are as diverse as our country and come from every region, age, skill, race, and gender. They have experience at companies like Google and Facebook, degrees from some of our top universities, extensive experience in nonprofits and, most importantly, a desire to harness their skills for public service. Past projects include the Blue Button Initiative, which allows 150 million Americans access to their own health data so they can make informed decisions about their family’s care. The GeoQ project provides FEMA with better ontheground knowledge in times of disaster, using crowdsourced pictures to better assess damages and needs. The NotAlone.gov project provides students and law enforcement personnel resources on responding and preventing sexual assault on college campuses. And as a veteran myself, I appreciate the Veterans Employment Center, which has created a central hub for those who served with resources and potential employers to help them make the transition to civilian life. This is a good bill that would make permanent a successful program. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the American people deal with their government in different ways almost every day; veterans trying to navigate the Federal bureaucracy, entrepreneurs dealing with regulations, citizens looking to access public information. b1430 Dealing with the government is never as clear, as easy, or as efficient as it should be. That is because, while the world has changed in so many ways, government has stayed in the past. Just think of how little government has changed. In the 1930s, we got our news from the radio and the morning paper; today we get it on our phones. In the 1930s, we would cool off by opening the window or using a fan; today we have central air. In the 1930s, the VA processed paper disability claims; today it still processes paper disability claims. Why is it that we expect more technology from our phones every month yet tolerate the exact same from our government year after year after year? Government is stuck in the past. We need to bring it into the future, and that is one of the two pillars of the Innovation Initiative. Bringing government into the 21st century demands challenging the status quo. That begins with people, making sure the American people benefit from the best talent our country has to offer. The Presidential Innovation Fellows program allows highly talented professionals—that means engineers, designers, and innovators from across the country—to build a more efficient, effective, and accountable government. They challenge old ways of thinking and introduce new approaches to make our government work the way American people believe and deserve it to work. Now, I sponsored the TALENT Act to make sure this program continues into future administrations. By codifying the Presidential Innovation Fellows program into law, we can continue bringing positive disruptors to Washington and modernize our government. The greatest resource we have in our country is the American people. We need the talent of the American people now more than ever before so we can reform government so it works well for everyone. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This is a great piece of legislation. Regardless of which side of the aisle we sit on and regardless of whether we think government is too big or too small, I think almost everybody in this Chamber should be able to agree that the government needs to do its job well. It needs to spend taxpayer money efficiently. It needs to get the job done for the American people. One of the ways it can do that is by adopting modern technology and taking advantage of the disruption that we have seen in the private sector that has brought us innovations like our phone that now is more powerful than a desktop computer just a few years ago. I agree with the gentleman from California. It is absolutely imperative that we provide better, more efficient service to our veterans, but the same should be true in dealing with every area of government. You should get as good service from the government as you do in the private sector. We can talk all we want about the Federal bureaucracy, and I am sure I will probably disagree with some of the folks on the other side of the aisle about some of the pros and cons of this. But I think what we have seen in California, in Texas, in the Carolinas, in Boston, and all over this great Nation, as we have seen this boom in technology, as we have seen the changes that are coming that we are able to do more with less, we are able to do things faster, we are able to be more efficient, and we are able to give people more leisure time. This innovation economy, this mindset of the entrepreneur is something that this program brings into the Federal Government. Many people spend long careers in the Federal Government where it is often disincentivized to innovate. This shortterm program that brings the best of the best into the government for short periods of time to shake things up and to rethink how we do things is one of the ways that we can make it where the Federal Government actually can compute its way out of a paper bag. It is a way we are able to help our veterans. It is a way we are able to help all of our citizens by providing the services that we choose to provide as a government in the most efficient manner, and it gives us an opportunity for somebody who is standing outside of the box to take a look at what we are doing so maybe we can act a little bit outside of the box and do a better job. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this phenomenal bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5658. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE REGULATORY PARITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5421) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to apply the exemption from State regulation of securities offerings to securities listed on a national security exchange that has listing standards that have been approved by the Commission, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5421 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 406, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ (By unanimous consent, Mr. BARTON  was allowed to speak out of order.) 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, first, I think we should all recognize that this is a moment of tragedy in our great country. Our President and former President, as we speak here on the House floor, are in Dallas, Texas, at a memorial service for the officers who were killed and wounded and for the two civilians in the shooting incident in Dallas last Friday; so this is a solemn day for our country. But, here in Washington, several weeks ago, we had our annual congressional baseball game. As you can tell by the piece of hardware to my right, for the first time in 8 years, the Republicans won, which is something that we can be proud of. Before I comment for the winning side, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ), my good friend and the manager of the congressional Democratic team. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas. All of us on this side of the aisle share the grief and the sadness we all feel about the lives lost in Dallas, in Louisiana, in Minnesota, and anywhere in this country where innocent victims lose their lives. Well, this is unfamiliar territory for me. I haven’t had a speech prepared for this one. Mr. BARTON. It doesn’t feel very good, does it? Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, that trophy sure looks out of place on that side of the aisle, but I want to say congratulations to the Republican team. You guys played a good game, and you deserved to win. We make no excuses. It was a very exciting contest for the fans in the stands to watch. As always, Joe, as you and I both know, the big winners are the Boys and Girls Club of Washington, D.C., the Washington Literacy Council, and the Dream Foundation. I believe we were able to raise $500,000 this year. And that is really what this is all about and why we play this game and the camaraderie that goes along with it. So I would say to my friend from Texas, enjoy that trophy in your office this year because it is coming back to a different location next year. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ). He and I serve on the same committee, and both of our staffs have worked well together on this game. Mr. Speaker, in 2013, the Republicans were outscored 22–0 in this game. That was the low point of my entire congressional career, not just baseball, I mean, legislative, you name it. But we have risen from the ashes. My coach, Representative ROGER WILLIAMS , who is right behind me, has worked tirelessly. We had 32 Republican Members who suited up for the game. Twentyseven of those were able to play in the game. We had great pitching from MARK WALKER , JOHN SHIMKUS , and our closer P ATMEEHAN . We had great hitting. I think we got 14 hits. We were comfortably ahead, and then the Democrats came back in the sixth inning and went ahead. And then we came back in the bottom of the seventh with two outs. Our slugger from the Sunshine State of Florida, Mr. TOM ROONEY , slammed one down the right field line. And BOBDOLDfrom Illinois scurried home, and I will be darned if we didn’t win the game by one run. So we kind of slaughtered you all this year. It is going to be a competitive game next year, Mr. DOYLE . In all honesty, it is one of the highlights of my year. I am not like Roger. I don’t like getting up at 6:30 in the morning to practice, but we do it. I would like for every Member of the Republican team that has played and practiced to stand up. I would like all my team members to stand up. I didn’t hear much applause on that side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, it is a great game for charity. I think the series now is 39 and 39; is that right? So next year, it is bragging rights for the century. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would ask our Democratic Members to stand up and be recognized, too. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, we have a Member from the other body who actually was one of our stars, Senator JEFF FLAKE of Arizona. So we appreciate him coming over. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 237, nays 179, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Brady (TX) Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Veasey 
b1523 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4992, UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5119, NO 2H2O FROM IRAN ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5631, IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on ordering the previous question on the resolution (H. Res. 819) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regulations relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5119) to prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds available to any Federal department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the purchase of heavy water produced in Iran; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 241, nays 174, not voting 18, as follows: [Roll No. 408] YEAS—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
DeSaulnier Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Tsongas Veasey 
b1530 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 237, nays 172, not voting 24, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—172 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Allen Brat Capps Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Polis Rush Sanchez, Loretta Smith (NJ) Stutzman Takai Tonko Veasey 
b1536 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: On rollcall No. 409, ‘‘nay.’’ f 
TESTED ABILITY TO LEVERAGE EXCEPTIONAL NATIONAL TALENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5658) to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 409, nays 8, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Brooks (AL) Grothman Jones Massie Perry Sanford Sensenbrenner 
Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Veasey 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. KEATING. I am in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Keating moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4768 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the following amendments: Page 3, line 11, insert after ‘‘extent necessary’’ the following ‘‘, and except as otherwise provided in this section’’. Page 4, line 3, insert after the period at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment doesn’t delay or send back the underlying bill. It does, however, deny firearms transfers to international domestic terror suspects. Mr. Speaker, before I came to this Congress I was a prosecutor. I was a district attorney. And under Massachusetts law, I was individually responsible for investigating every death in my district for foul play. Many times, I was at a violent crime scene where families had lost a son or a daughter, a brother or a sister, a mother or a father. Every time, I would meet with these families after these terrible tragedies, if not at the crime scene, then at the hospital, or at their home, or in my office. And what was the first thing I told them after telling them how sorry I was for this tragedy? I think every single person in this Chamber knows what I told them because I sincerely believe that every Member in this Chamber would say the same thing if they were in that position. I have come to know you, I have come to learn about you, and I sincerely believe that you would ask this very same question. That question is, if there is anything, anything at all that I can do for you, please let me know. There are few, if any, more helpless feelings I have ever felt in my life than during those moments. Never did I want to do so much, yet felt powerless to do so little. Even years after a conviction, during the appeals process, the family members would talk when we would meet as if it were yesterday. They would talk about things like how they still kept a jersey or some jeans in a drawer at home because they didn’t want to let go of the memory of a son who would never wear those clothes again. Whether it was their faith in God or being strong for their family, they somehow went on. I never have witnessed courage quite like theirs. Invariably, there was one thing that they did ask me, every single family that I can remember, they said: Please do everything you can so that another family doesn’t go through what we are going through. My team did everything we could so that those criminals we prosecuted did not do what they did to another person again. And isn’t that what we are being asked to do in this Congress? We all realize that there is no single way to prevent every gun death, but we can reduce them. Some of the hardest cases I witnessed were motor vehicle homicide cases, lives snatched away in an instant. Yet, decades ago, Congress worked together to reduce the number of deaths on the road. They worked together for safer roads, safer cars with air bags and infant seats. In 1972, over 54,000 people were killed on the road in this country. Yet, 4 decades later, that number went down by 40 percent, all the while Americans driving more miles than they ever had any time before. The very same thing can be achieved with universal background checks, limiting the sales of assault weapons, restricting access of deadly weapons to those on the terror watch list. So families are asking us, because we are the only ones they have to ask, to do everything that you can so that another family doesn’t go through what they went through. We can keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, and we will. Ninety percent of the public supports these actions. We will protect these families, and we will save lives. We are the only ones that are there to prosecute this case, and I respectfully—and I mean respectfully—call for your help. It can’t come soon enough. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. You know, there are real discussions that we are having here, and I understand the passion and the forthrightness with what has been delivered just now in the asking of this motion to recommit; but I also want to remind Members on both sides of the aisle the 
underlying bill and the very principle why we are here. The very principle behind the bill that we are dealing with goes back— even back right now, in just a couple of months, there will be young boys and girls going back to the classrooms, they will be going back to their schoolrooms, and they will be going around and they will be learning about this wonderful place called Washington, D.C. They will be learning about their Founders, and they will be learning about the Constitution where it says there is a President that we are going to elect this November, and there is an executive branch that carries out the laws. There is a legislative branch, us, that make the laws; and there is a judicial branch that interprets the laws. Now, what is happening here today— and we can talk about a lot of things, but let’s focus for a moment on what we are going to vote on. In this country, the regulatory burden has become crippling on our economy. It is tearing us apart in jobs, in creation, and the things we have. In fact, right now more law is being made downtown in cubicles than right here in Congress. My question for you today is, if you want to be making law from cubicles, then get out from the cubicle, pay your qualifying fee, and run for Congress. Don’t keep ranking it up like this, because Congress has to assert its right in making the laws. What this bill takes into account is, unfortunately, the Judiciary has decided to side with the executive, and this doctrine called the Chevron gives deference to the very agencies that make the rules and regulations. So it is very simple here. We can be distracted on a motion to recommit at this point, or we can go back and say this: Congress still matters, that the election cycle still matters, that the Founders were right. There are three branches of government, not one, that wants to tear down and do whatever they want. No matter what, they need three branches. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 169, nays 236, not voting 28, as follows: [Roll No. 415] YEAS—169 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—28 
Barton Brady (TX) Butterfield Conyers Foxx Goodlatte Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino McCarthy Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Sires Stutzman Takai Veasey 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 415, I was unavoidably detained due to a security lockdown that prevented me from leaving a meeting to vote on the floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 171, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—22 
Conyers Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Long Marchant Marino Napolitano Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Torres Veasey 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Representative POLIS of Colorado be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 5545. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. PALMER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. 
SUPPORTING THE BID OF LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA, TO BRING THE 2024 SUMMER OLYMPIC GAMES BACK TO THE UNITED STATES AND PLEDGING THE COOPERATION OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO THAT BID Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 142, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 142 Whereas the International Olympic Committee will meet on September 13, 2017, in Lima, Peru, to consider a site for the Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘Games’’) in 2024; Whereas the United States Olympic Committee has selected Los Angeles, California, as the candidate of the United States for the 2024 Games; Whereas the Games further the cause of world peace and understanding; Whereas the country that hosts the Games performs an act of international goodwill; Whereas the Games have not been held in the United States since 1996; 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF SINGAPOREAN INDEPENDENCE AND REAFFIRMING SINGAPORE’S CLOSE PARTNERSHIP WITH THE UNITED STATES Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 374, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the text of the resolution at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the following: Whereas the Republic of Singapore became independent on August 9, 1965, and the United States recognized Singapore’s statehood in the same year; Whereas Singapore and the United States established formal diplomatic relations in 1966; Whereas under the leadership of its first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, Singapore became an early and continued supporter of United States engagement in Asia to safeguard the peace, stability, and prosperity of the region; Whereas the United States and Singapore implemented the United StatesSingapore Free Trade Agreement, the first bilateral trade agreement between the United States and an Asian country, in 2004; Whereas Singapore and the United States are major trading partners, with $64 billion in bilateral goods and services trade in 2014 and a United States trade surplus in both goods and services; Whereas Singapore provided the United States access to its military facilities with a 1990 Memorandum of Understanding, supporting the continued security presence of the United States in Southeast Asia; Whereas the United States and Singapore concluded a Strategic Framework Agreement in 2005 which recognized Singapore as a ‘‘Major Security Cooperation Partner’’ of the United States; Whereas the United States and Singapore signed an enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement in 2015, expanding dialogue and cooperation in areas such as humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, cyber defense, biosecurity, and public communications; Whereas Singapore facilitates the rotational deployment of United States Navy Littoral Combat Ships at its Changi Naval Base; Whereas the United States currently hosts four Republic of Singapore Air Force training detachments, comprising the Republic of 
Singapore Air Force’s F–15SG and F–16 fighter jets, as well as Apache and Chinook helicopters, at bases in Arizona, Idaho and Texas; Whereas the United StatesSingapore Third Country Training Program, established in 2012 and renewed in 2015, provides regional technical and capacitybuilding assistance in a wide variety of areas to assist recipient countries in reaching their development goals; Whereas Singapore was a founding member of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) in 1967 and remains a key partner of the United States in ASEANled mechanisms such as the East Asia Summit, ASEAN Regional Forum and the ASEAN Defense Ministers’ Meeting Plus; Whereas Singapore will be home to a United StatesASEAN Connect Center, an initiative announced at the United States ASEAN summit in February 2016 to facilitate United StatesASEAN engagement and cooperation on energy, innovation, and entrepreneurship; Whereas Singapore has played a critical role in enhancing shared maritime domain awareness in Southeast Asia through the establishment of the Republic of Singapore Navy’s Information Fusion Center, to facilitate informationsharing and collaboration with partners including the United States against maritime security threats, and through the deployment of United States aircraft at Paya Lebar Air Base; Whereas Singapore has been a cybersecurity leader in the ASEAN region, through the unified Cyber Security Agency, as the convener of the annual ASEAN CERT Incident Drill, and as host of the INTERPOL Global Complex for Innovation; Whereas Singapore was the first Southeast Asian country to join the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL in November 2014 and has contributed an air refueling tanker, imagery analysis teams, and planning and liaison officers; and Whereas Singapore has supported counterterrorism efforts, through the sharing of domestic practices, as well as participation in the White House Summit on Countering Violent Extremism in February 2015, and hosting the East Asia Summit Symposium on Religious Rehabilitation and Social Reintegration in April 2015: Now, therefore, be it 
Mr. ROYCE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘A resolution reaffirming Singapore’s strategic partnership with the United States, encompassing broad and robust economic, militarytomilitary, law enforcement, and counterterrorism cooperation.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CLARIFYING AMENDMENT TO PROVIDE TERRORISM VICTIMS EQUITY ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent for the immediate consideration in the House of the bill (H.R. 3394) to amend the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to allow for the use of certain assets of foreign persons and entities to satisfy certain judgments against terrorist parties, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3394 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clarifying Amendment to Provide Terrorism Victims Equity Act’’ or the ‘‘CAPTIVE Act’’. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The Clerk read as follows: Amendment offered by Mr. GOODLATTE : 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clarifying Amendment to Provide Terrorism Victims Equity Act’’ or the ‘‘CAPTIVE Act’’. 
Mr. GOODLATTE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECTING OUR LIVES BY INITIATING COPS EXPANSION ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2840) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2840 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Our Lives by Initiating COPS Expansion Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘POLICE Act of 2016’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5538, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 820 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5538. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1637 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ) and the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to bring to the floor H.R. 5538, the fiscal year 2017 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. As we begin, I want to personally thank Chairman ROGERS for his leadership and support. I also want to thank my good friend and our ranking member, Ms. MCCOLLUM , for her partnership and work on this bill and to say a very happy birthday. Finally, I want to thank each of our subcommittee members for their assistance and hard work on the legislation before us. The fiscal year 2017 Interior and Environment bill is funded at $32.095 billion, which is $64 million below the FY 2016 enacted level and $1 billion below the budget request. The committee has provided robust wildland fire funding in this bill. Fire suppression accounts are again fully funded at the 10year average level, which rose by $133 million from last year. The committee also addressed concerns about forest health and active forest management, and provided a $30 million increase for hazardous fuels. This bill also makes critical investments in Indian Country. Overall, funding for the Bureaus of Indian Affairs and Education is increased by $72 million, or 3 percent, while funding for the Indian Health Service is increased by $271 million, or 6 percent, from fiscal year 2016 levels. This is the largest increase in this bill. The bill provides for $2.9 billion for the National Park Service, including more than $65 million in new funding to address the maintenance backlog and other priorities related to the Park Service centennial. The bill provides $480 million to fully fund payments in lieu of taxes, PILT, in year 2017. We have also addressed a number of concerns within the Fish and Wildlife Service. The bill continues funding for popular costshared grant programs. It also provides additional funds to combat international wildlife trafficking, protects fish hatcheries from cuts and closures, continues fighting to fight invasive species, and reduces the backlog of species that are covered but not yet delisted. The bill provides $322 million for the Land and Water Conservation Fund programs that enjoy broad, bipartisan support. Funding for EPA is reduced by $164 million from fiscal year 2016 enacted levels. Again this year, there is a great deal of concern over the number of regulatory actions being pursued by EPA in the absence of legislation and without clear congressional direction. For this reason, the bill includes a number of provisions to stop unnecessary and damaging regulatory overreach by the Agency. Before closing, I would like to make an additional point about the challenges facing Flint, Michigan, and other communities across the country addressing lead in drinking water. This is an issue of great concern to the committee members. It is not a partisan issue. What occurred in Flint has called greater attention to aging infrastructure and the need for prudent management and oversight of water systems. This bill provides targeted investments and prioritizes resources that will help the EPA and Michigan respond to Flint and help other States and communities address the needs of their water systems. The bill provides an increase of $207 million above the fiscal year 2016 enacted level for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. It also includes $50 million for the new Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation, otherwise known as WIFIA, program, which may be leveraged through direct Federal loans or loan guarantees to fund up to $3 billion to $5 billion worth of water infrastructure projects nationwide. In addition, the bill provides increases for State grants for improved State oversight and operations of drinking water systems and for communities to work on integrated plans for pipe replacement. The bill also directs the GAO to assess the number of lead service lines by State. Lastly, the committee is taking an additional step to provide relief for communities like Flint by including bill language that allows States to use State revolving fund dollars to forgive a portion of a community’s outstanding loans. This and other steps taken in this bill will have a real impact. In closing, I want to thank the staff on both sides for their hard work on this bill. On the minority side, I would like to thank Rita Culp, Jocelyn Hunn, Joe Carlile, and Rebecca Taylor. Their work is very much appreciated. On the majority side, I would like to thank our subcommittee staff: Kristin Richmond, Jackie Kilroy, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Darren Benjamin, and, of course, our chief clerk Dave LesStrang. I would also like to thank Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Molly Lowe, and Tricia Evans on my personal staff, and my chief of staff, David Ramey. Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill and it deserves Members’ support. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Insert offset folio 731 here EH12JY16.001srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
Oi 1 and gas management.. . ........ , ....... . 
31 '387 ____________ ..,_ 70' 512 +183 Bill vs. 
Insert offset folio 732 here EH12JY16.002srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT DF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT. AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS Bill, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Challenge cost share. . . ' . . . . . . . ' 
Subtotal, Management of lands and resources .. , .. 
Offsetting fees. . . . . . . . . . ... 
Insert offset folio 733 here EH12JY16.003srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
Conservation and restoration. . . . . . . .............. . 
Wi 1 dl i fe and habitat management .. 
7' 161 ____________ .. _ 14,837 8,850 Bill vs. 
Insert offset folio 734 here EH12JY16.004srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
Insert offset folio 735 here EH12JY16.005srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
3' 000 +3' 000 __________ .,. ___ 78' 410 +13,000 
Insert offset folio 736 here EH12JY16.006srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Toxic substances hydrology...... 1.847 11 ,248 13,095 11 ,248 
Insert offset folio 737 here EH12JY16.007srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Water Avai 1 abi 1 i ty and Use Science Program. 
Insert offset folio 738 here EH12JY16.008srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
Insert offset folio 739 here EH12JY16.009srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Social services, . , . ··········· ············· Welfare assistance. ........... 
Law enforcement. ············ Tribal courts. ·············· Fire protection .. 
(Amounts avai 1 able until expended, accountwide) , , 
.. ~ ~ "< ~ ~ W M M 215' 597 
* ~ w      ~ ... 278' 000 Bill vs. 
(48 ,815) (+5' 002) 2' 335' 635 +67' 711 
w ~ ¥ w  ~ w .. w ~ .. ~ .. "' 
Insert offset folio 740 here EH12JY16.010srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
480,000 +28 ,000 +480 '000    ~278' 376 749,422 +27' 653 +471 ,046 
3,000 3,000    ~ ~~ .. 48 '927 36.504 12' 423 
27' 720 27 '720 "' ....  ~"' ... ... ~ .. ""~ ~ _______ ., ______ 
·13, 147 ____________ ,._ 3,318 3, 318 13' 147 _______ ,. ____ ,._  ~.. ~... ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 102,717 go,294 13' 147 12,423 
Insert offset folio 741 here EH12JY16.011srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Tot a 1 , Wildland Fire Management with cap 
1 '738 ~ ~ ~ ~ . 65' 800 
Insert offset folio 742 here EH12JY16.012srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
Research: Chemical safety and sustai nabi l i ty. 
Insert offset folio 743 here EH12JY16.013srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
Legal I sci encel regula tory I economic review .... . 
Audits, evaluations, and i nvesti gati ons .............. . (by transfer from Superfund).... . ... , ........ . 
Insert offset folio 744 here EH12JY16.014srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Research: Chemical safety and sustai nabi l i ty .. 
Research: Sus ta i nab l e communities ... 
Insert offset folio 745 here EH12JY16.015srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT DF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
W W ~M ~ .. M ~ ~ M .. ~ w    1,058,229 22' 812 
Admi ni strati ve Expenses. 5, 000 5, 000 +5, 000 Bi 11 vs. 
Direct loan Subsidy. . 15,000 45, 000 +45, 000 +30. 000 
Innovation Program. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20,000 50,000 +50, 000 +30, 000 
Total, State and Private Forestry .............. . 27 '000 
Insert offset folio 746 here EH12JY16.016srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Insert offset folio 747 here EH12JY16.017srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Insert offset folio 748 here EH12JY16.018srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
Nat i anal Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ... 
5, 735 ~ ~ .. ~ 173,598 3' 566' 387 
Insert offset folio 749 here EH12JY16.019srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Insert offset folio 750 here EH12JY16.020srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
Insert offset folio 751 here EH12JY16.021srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to thank Chairman CALVERT for the warm birthday wishes. But I would also like to thank the chairman and his staff for their open and collaborative approach, and the wonderful staff on the Democratic side who will be helping me this evening. This subcommittee has had a challenging portfolio of issues, and I commend the chairman’s effort to find solutions in another yet difficult budget year. This year’s subcommittee held 14 budget hearings, 4 which involved Native American Indians and Alaska Natives. b1645 The testimony provided by the 209 witnesses clearly articulated the serious need for programs and services under this subcommittee’s jurisdiction. Unfortunately, the FY 2017 subcommittee allocation is $64 million less than last year’s enacted level. This means the needs of many important programs that are vital to protecting our Nation’s natural and cultural resources will not be met as they far outpace a stagnant allocation. Within this constrained top line number, difficult choices had to be made, and, sadly, the majority cut important programs that protect the American public and conserve our natural resources. The most significant programmatic cut is to the Environmental Protection Agency, which is slashed by $164 million. This cut will impact the Agency’s ability to protect human health and the health of our environment and to ensure clean air and clean water for our families and future generations. This year, the critical need for the EPA was unmistakable as our Nation watched a tragedy unfold in Flint, Michigan, by which children were poisoned by lead in their drinking water. So I find it difficult to reconcile the cuts recommended in this bill with the public health challenges that are faced by this country. Flint is a culmination of years of weakening the EPA through budget cuts and an overreliance on State agencies to manage Federal environmental laws. All of our communities deserve and expect their government to provide clean water and basic public health protections. Especially in light of Flint, I must strongly object to the majority’s decision to reduce funding for clean water by $394 million, which is 28 percent below the 2016 enacted level. Clean water and safe drinking water go hand in hand. You cannot have one without the other. The residents of Flint were betrayed by their State government, and, to this day, they still do not have safe drinking water available from their taps. The levels provided in this bill for the State Revolving Funds are inadequate to deal with the decaying infrastructure in our Nation, no less the emergency in Flint, Michigan. In addition to the irresponsible cuts to the EPA, I am also troubled by the 30 percent reduction for the Endangered Species Listing. Reducing funding for this program opens the door for litigation, and it delays protecting and recovering vulnerable species. The bill also shortchanges the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which, since its inception, has protected conservation and recreation land in every State and has supported tens of thousands of State and local projects. Yet, despite its merits, this bill slashes the Land and Water Conservation Fund program by a third. Despite this bill’s shortcomings in the environmental protection and resource conservation areas, I do, however, want to express how very proud I am of this subcommittee’s nonpartisan approach in addressing the issues that are facing our Native American brothers and sisters. I am pleased that this bill recommends an increase of $343 million for programs that are critical to Indian Country. However, I would be remiss if I did not point out, even with this increase, the funding for Native American programs is still $172 million less than the administration’s request. Native American and Alaska Native populations face substantial hardships, and when compared to the total population, they have poorer health, lower earnings, and higher rates of poverty. So we must continue to work together in our efforts to support these communities. That is why I applaud this bill for maintaining our commitment to provide Native American students with safe schools that are conducive to learning and for fully funding contract support costs so that tribes are not penalized for exercising their selfdetermination rights. Another bright spot in this bill is the continued support for the National Parks Centennial Initiative. The bill recommends $80 million for the Centennial, which will strengthen the foundation for visitor services and make essential infrastructure investments. I am also pleased that an additional $3 million is provided for the Civil Rights Initiative grant program and that funding is included for grantsin aid to Historically Black Colleges and Universities. I especially would like to thank the chairman for working with me to resurrect the Save America’s Treasures program. This program funds and preserves nationally significant sites, structures, and artifacts. I am very proud that, in working together, we were able to restart this program, and I will work diligently with the chairman to make sure it is included in the final bill. Unfortunately, this bill neglects to act on many other opportunities to wisely invest taxpayers’ dollars. I am frustrated that the majority has, effectively, left $1.2 billion on the table by not adopting the commonsense reforms that are championed in Chairman SIMPSON ’s wildfire disaster funding bill. Every member of the Subcommittee on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies is a cosponsor of that bill—Democrat and Republican alike. Yet, once again, the majority has balked and cites committee jurisdiction. However, those jurisdictional issues did not hinder the majority’s including dozens of harmful legislative riders. I must express my concern and disappointment with the 38 partisan riders in this bill. The number is outrageous, and, to me, the nature of the riders that are included panders to special interests at the expense of the public good. For example, the bill contains a provision that would reverse the safety improvements that were developed following the Deepwater Horizon tragedy. Eleven lives were lost in that explosion. I must express my clear dismay that this bill puts the profits of big oil companies ahead of worker safety. The vetobait provisions that seek to turn back protections for endangered species, to restrict control of greenhouse gas emissions, and to undermine clean water and clean air protections do not belong in this bill. I acknowledge and I appreciate the efforts that have been made to accommodate Democratic priorities in this bill. However, I still cannot support this bill as it is drafted. Despite my current opposition, it is my clear intention to continue working with Chairman CALVERT through this year’s appropriations process to produce a responsible bill that both parties can support. The gentleman has my word on that. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS), the chairman of the full Committee on Appropriations. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support this 5th of the 12 bills to be considered on the floor. This morning, the committee marked up the 11th of the 12 bills, and, tomorrow, the Committee on Appropriations will mark up the 12th bill so that those bills are ready for floor action. We would have been well on the way to completing all of these bills on the floor but for the abbreviated legislative year in which we have found ourselves because of the conventions and other legislation. This bill provides nearly $32.1 billion for agencies that are charged with managing and protecting our natural resources and our Federal lands as well as Native American programs and other independent agencies. Within this total, $3.9 billion is dedicated to fighting devastating wildfires—fully funding the 10year average and increasing funding for programs that help prevent fires from happening in the first place. The bill increases funding for our commitments to American Indians and 
Alaska Natives, addressing public safety, health, and education, among other important services. For rural communities that have nontaxable Federal lands and, as a result, face huge budget shortfalls that would hurt local government functions, the bill provides full funding for the payments in lieu of taxes program. This legislation also makes good use of the congressional power of the purse by cutting the EPA by $164 million and slashing its regulatory programs to help stop this administration’s heavy handed, onerous regulatory agenda. Communities across the country rely on coal and other energy production for good jobs, and hardworking Americans expect reasonable energy bills to take care of their families. Relief from the EPA’s jobkilling regulations is paramount to the economic growth that our country desperately needs right now; so I am proud that the bill takes the necessary steps to cut this red tape. This includes prohibiting funds to change the definition of ‘‘waters’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act or to enforce the proposed Stream Buffer Zone Rule. The legislation also bars the EPA from implementing new greenhouse gas regulations on power plants, and it provides flexibility for States to implement new ozone standards. In all, Mr. Chairman, this is a balanced bill. It invests taxpayer dollars in the right priorities and protects against the administration’s harmful regulatory policies, which helps to ensure a brighter future for our Nation. I congratulate and thank the chairman of the subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT  has done a wonderful job, I think, on constructing this bill. It is a good bill that deserves all of our support, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the ranking member of the full Committee on Appropriations. Mrs. LOWEY. I thank Chairman CALVERT , Ranking Member M CCOLLUM , and Chairman ROGERS for their work on this bill. Mr. Chairman, the bill before us would provide $32.095 billion for the Department of the Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency, which is a decrease of $64 million from the enacted level and a staggering $1 billion below the President’s request. As a result, the bill contains serious shortcomings. The drastic underfunding of the EPA, which is the agency tasked with protecting public health and safety, with a cut of $164 million from already inadequate funding levels, would decimate its operating budget. The crisis in Flint is a horrifying reminder that we cannot afford to starve the EPA. Eight thousand children under the age of 6 have likely been exposed to lead contamination. The long term impacts of that exposure are severe and will not end when the water is clean. Decades or even a lifetime of difficulty may plague those affected. Considering the severity of the Flint water crisis, I am shocked that this bill would cut the Clean Water State Revolving Funds. If the tragedy in Flint has shown us anything, it is that we must invest in our Nation’s infrastructure. Perhaps of greatest concern is the inclusion of partisan and dangerous policy riders. Yet again this year, these controversial riders imperil the appropriations process. These include blocking the administration’s efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions; stopping the EPA from implementing its lead renovation, repair, and painting rule, preventing the EPA from protecting millions of atrisk children from increased exposure to lead; and, once again, attacking the Endangered Species Act, putting politics above science and jeopardizing the protection of precious species. Neither Democrats in Congress nor President Obama will agree to poison pill riders that cause harm to our environment and public health. I concede there are a few positive elements in the bill, namely an $80 million increase for the National Parks Centennial Initiative and for the competitive historic preservation grant programs for Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Unfortunately, these are not enough to redeem the entire bill, and I must urge my colleagues to vote against it. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), the chairman of the full Committee on Natural Resources. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, this is not an easy budget area. In fact, it is a very complex one, but this subcommittee has worked to produce what, I believe, is one of the best bills we have seen in years in this particular area. Is it perfect? Of course not, but it does move the ball forward. It moves us forward. b1700 I appreciate the efforts on the part of Chairman CALVERT , especially to work with us in the authorizing committee to try and see if we can coordinate as many of these programs that are in here. Because it is important to realize that this appropriation bill is not just about programs of the government. Every one of these programs affects people. And if we are not moving it forward so that the people are helped instead of harmed, then we are doing something that is very myopic, and we put blinders on us, and we don’t see where we are actually trying to go. That is why I appreciate this particular bill. This is an effort to move us forward so we are actually doing programs that assist and help people. I want the committee, the appropriators here, to realize I do appreciate their effort to work with us on the authorizing side so that we can work together for a common goal. I am happy to be able to support this particular effort. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington State (Mr. KILMER ), a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM for the work that went into this bill. I knew a lot of difficult decisions had to be made, given our current fiscal situation, and this bill manages to do some good. I am pleased with the strong investments made to address the needs across Indian Country, for example. We have taken some real steps to bolster Indian health and education, not to mention providing some assistance to tribes facing the very real threat of rising sea levels. I am also glad that the committee secured strong investments in the USGS budget for the West Coast early earthquake warning system and the volcano hazard program. These systems are critical to monitoring and detecting seismic and volcanic activity and giving Washingtonians and folks on the entire West Coast a few crucial seconds to get out of harm’s way. The bill we are debating today makes some real progress in these areas, but unfortunately it doesn’t measure up in others, particularly when it comes to investing in the environment. This legislation is supposed to provide critical funding for our most treasured natural resources, and it fails to live up to what the folks we represent demand. For one thing, the funding is inadequate. Among the agencies hardest hit is the Environmental Protection Agency, whose budget was cut by more than $164 million and, judging by the list of amendments we will be considering, I expect it will lose even more. That doesn’t leave enough for the agency to do what it does best, like clean up polluted sites, protect our natural treasures, like Puget Sound, and make progress on fighting climate change. Not to mention, we don’t provide any new funds to communities like Flint that are struggling to provide clean and safe water for their citizens. Unfortunately, a number of important priorities for States like mine are left on the chopping block in the current bill. In the Pacific Northwest, for example, Puget Sound is a gift, an iconic body of water that benefits our entire Nation. We have a plan in place to meet important restoration goals for it, but funds for the Puget Sound geographic program and the natural estuary program are not where they should be. These funds provide essential resources to empower Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies to mount a coordinated strategy to recover this iconic resource that is an economic driver for our region. This really matters. It matters to tribes that have lived on the Sound 
since time immemorial. It matters to the overall health and viability of our waterways and the livelihoods that depend on them. We are passionate about the outdoors in Washington State, and that is why I am also disappointed to see this bill made serious cuts in the Land and Water Conservation Fund. In fact, it chops the funding 30 percent from last year. If we approve this approach, many shovelready projects will be forever lost. That is a shame because the Land and Water Conservation Fund is a key tool that builds publicprivate partnerships and ensures real onthe ground work gets done. It is what we call a winwin. It is a vital tool for communities to invest in assets for local residents and for tourists who can enjoy our natural treasures and then spend some money at our local shops and restaurants. We have seen hundreds of projects in Washington State as a result of this critical program, and that is why local leaders from across my State and others have been advocates for a permanent reauthorization of this important program. They recognize how valuable the Land and Water Conservation Fund is, not only for our environment and to recreation, but also to our ability to attract tourists and bolster our economy. For all these reasons, as well as those highlighted by Ranking Member MCCOLLUM and others, I will not be able to support this legislation, but, again, I appreciate the hard work on it. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman, the ranking member, and the staff for all their hard work on this legislation. This bill is notable for what it funds and also for what it doesn’t fund. West Virginians love our clean water. We love our clean air. We love our mountains and our forests. We worked hard on this bill to ensure West Virginia’s priorities were maintained and addressed. We included full funding, $480 million, for a program that provides important resources for local schools and counties like Pocahontas, Greenbrier, Nicholas, Webster, and Fayette in my district. We have also provided an additional $90 million for the abandoned mine lands pilot program. This will continue to restore these sites in West Virginia and return them to productive economic use; agriculture, manufacturing, tourism, and much, much more. What West Virginians do not love in this President’s war on coal is its impact. West Virginians’ jobs and our families’ livelihoods are on the line. Once again, the President requested hundreds of millions of dollars to spend on regulations, programs, and lawyers to make it harder for West Virginians and our Nation to mine and use coal. Our State has lost more than 10,000 coal jobs over the last 5 years, due to this administration’s policies. Our counties are being devastated, losing revenue from the coal severance tax that funds schools, hospitals, emergency services, and so much more. Our coal miners live with uncertainty, wondering if this is the day they will get a pink slip when they come out of the mines. The President’s war on coal is bankrupting the health and retirement of seniors and widows, jeopardizing their financial security. Today, we say ‘‘no’’ to funding the war on coal and ‘‘no’’ to regulatory overreach. In this bill, we hold the line on the EPA. We cut their regulatory budget. We maintain the lowest agency staffing level since 1989. We halt the harmful, jobkilling rules at EPA and Office of Surface Mining, rules that would make electricity more expensive, rules like the stream buffer zone rule that would shut down even more mines, rules that would expand the EPA’s reach and impose unrealistic standards on our communities. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. I urge our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to recognize the devastating impact these rules are already having. Please support our efforts. I encourage support of this excellent measure. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to this bill, but want to take a moment to recognize the hard work our subcommittee has put into this legislation. I do appreciate the work of Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM on this bill. This bill is critical to our country, and there are so many programs in it that are vital to my constituents in Maine. Programs like the National Park Service, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Land and Water Conservation Fund, are all funded in this bill and all provide vital programs, resources, and research to my State and to the Nation as a whole. Although we worked in a bipartisan fashion to create this bill, at the end of the day, the funding levels are still too low. The bill provides $64 million below the FY 2016 enacted level and $1 billion below the President’s budget request. Although I am very glad to see programs for our local arts communities, such as the NEA and NEH, are increased and that programs for our local infrastructure, such as the Clean Water Fund are funded slightly above the President’s request, there is not enough money in the bill for our national needs. In particular, the EPA overall is not funded to the levels that we need as a Nation. Back home in Maine, one of the most often cited needs of our communities is for more infrastructure resources. In some towns, that means transportation infrastructure, and in others, it means water and sewer infrastructure. In the past decade where there have been neverending Federal, State, and local budget cuts, ensuring our communities have clean water is not an easy task. The tragedy in Flint, Michigan, reminded us all of that fact. This year, the State revolving funds programs get an increase in the chairman’s bill, and I want to thank him for that. But it is still too much lost time that needs to be made up for in these accounts. The riders in the bill regarding the EPA are an even bigger concern, and would hinder the EPA’s ability to regulate things from lead paint, to carbon pollution, to the cleanup of mines. Again, we can do better. Our Nation deserves a better bill. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time remains? The CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 17 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from Minnesota has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ) for a colloquy. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman CALVERT for the opportunity to dialogue for a moment and for his work and the subcommittee’s work on this bill. I want to just take a moment to highlight an important issue to many of my constituents that was addressed in the report accompanying last year’s Interior appropriations bill. Since that time, the EPA has been working to provide the guidance called for in that report through a study now underway through their agency and through several other agencies dealing with the health impacts of recycled rubber infill that is on synthetic playing fields. Now of particular concern, however, is that the research protocol to test these fields does not provide control for sources of possible contamination, which could be done by simply sampling nearby natural fields as well. Now, since there has been much research done on this subject, I expect the EPA to consider available research and report its results in a way that relates it to established healthbased guidelines that are currently in place. Mr. Chairman, finally, it is important that the research is conducted in a timely manner, most importantly, during the first half of this next fiscal year to remove the uncertainty that continues to surround this issue and cause undue concern among parents, athletes, and field users alike. I would like to thank Chairman CALVERT , again, for his work to address these issues, and I look forward to continuing to work with him and the subcommittee as we go forward. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank the Congressman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), a member of our committee who has been closely tracking this. I appreciate his attention to the issue and the update regarding EPA’s activities to implement the direction in fiscal year 2016 report. I look forward to working with him to address this as we move forward with the fiscal year 2017 process. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding and appreciate his tireless leadership in leading this appropriation subcommittee’s work and ensuring our Nation’s lands and parks are funded and protected. I rise today, Mr. Chairman, under concern for a true national treasure that is in St. Augustine, Florida. It is the Castillo de San Marcos National Monument. In fact, actually 14 years ago, work began on a project to create a visitors center at the Castillo, which doesn’t really have any facilities for more than 1.4 million visitors each year to that location. In fact, in Florida, it is the second highest visited National Park location, second only to the Everglades National Park. They have been struggling over the years to keep pace and make the visit meaningful and educational for those who visit. We also know that at Fort Sumter and also at Fort McHenry, which actually fewer numbers of visitors, we have new visitors centers; but we don’t have one in this location. Since the passage of this law some 12 years ago, the Department of the Interior and National Park Service have completed extensive and necessary studies. I think we have probably spent $1 million. I brought one of the drafts and some of the other reports. I am hopeful, through the Centennial Challenge Project or other National Park Service programs, that our many years of hard work to renovate the Castillo and also provide a visitors center can come to fruition through the project lead the gentleman has taken with the centennial fund. So that is the reason I rise. I ask your support as we move forward on this project. b1715 Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MICA. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. I appreciate the gentleman raising this issue. I recognize your longstanding history of work on this effort, and I look forward to continuing to work with you on this important issue. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). Mr. GIBBS. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5538, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2017. This bill responsibly ensures that EPA’s regulatory overreach is checked by Congress. Key provisions in this legislation will stop the EPA’s most burdensome and damaging regulations, including the waters of the United States rule. WOTUS is nothing more than a power grab that will expand the Federal Clean Water Act jurisdiction. This rule would force farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, local governments, and property owners to seek permission from Federal bureaucrats before beginning any activity remotely related to water, and this must be stopped. I am also pleased to see the committee supports fully funding an integrated planning approach to help communities affordably manage and meet their regulatory obligations under the Clean Water Act. Communities face enormous financial pressure to provide quality drinking and wastewater for their residents. Integrated planning will allow communities to work with the EPA to determine investments that ensure the greatest water quality benefit. Lastly, this bill provides new funding for the Water Infrastructure Finance Innovation Act, otherwise known as WIFIA, that was authorized in WRRDA 2014. This loan and loan guarantee program works as a complement to the Clean Water SRF to provide communities with options and flexibility for their water infrastructure projects. With each WIFIA dollar loaned able to leverage $10, I look forward to the EPA making the first WIFIA loans in FY 2017 and monitoring the program’s success. I thank Chairman CALVERT for recognizing the importance of these provisions and for putting together a bill that sets appropriate levels for the agencies and programs. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5538, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for FY2017. Whatever constructive provisions it may contain are far outweighed by those that will do real damage if enacted. H.R. 5538 is a bill that is riddled with antienvironment riders, among other harmful provisions, which are intended to diminish the ability of the Department of Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency to protect public health and the environment. As Ranking Member of the Science Committee, I am certainly familiar with the anti EPA rhetoric emanating from too many on the Majority side. Fortunately, their attempts to override the growing chorus of American voices demanding action on climate change is failing, and communities across the Nation are showing strong support for EPA’s efforts to reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions, implement tighter ozone standards, and protect public health. Unfortunately, there are those in this House who apparently have turned a deaf ear to the American people, and instead provide a forum for those who seek to undermine EPA’s work, seemingly at every turn. This bill is another vehicle for implementing those obstructive views. There is no greater evidence of this reality than the blanket prohibition found in this bill on any EPA action ‘‘to address methane emissions’’ from the oil and gas industry. While the people in California are still reeling from the largest methane leak in U.S. history, it seems unconscionable to me that we would prohibit EPA from taking any action on issues related to methane emissions. In addition, some of my Republican colleagues have grown fond of insisting that EPA should only rely on publically available scientific information to support their rules and actions. While the goal of a transparent government is laudable, the consequence of their insistence is not a more transparent EPA, but an EPA that would be limited as to what science they may consider. As my colleagues and I have said before, we cannot support a bill and accompanying report that limits, or prohibits, EPA from using the best and most relevant science. Moreover, in response to perceived delays in providing documents requested by Congress, the authors of this legislation would seemingly punish the hardworking men and women of EPA’s Congressional affairs office by reducing their budget request by 4 million dollars. If my colleagues really want to address EPA’s inability to provide timely responses to an ever increasing amount of Congressional document requests, they would not cut the budget of the office tasked with providing those responses. It may feel good to those proposing the cut, but it is a selfdefeating approach to addressing the ostensible problem. Finally, I would note that a number of amendments have been made in order that, if adopted, will only make a bad bill worse. I intended to oppose them when they come up for votes. In closing, I cannot support an appropriations bill that, among its defects, would diminish the ability of EPA to protect public health and the environment, and would prohibit EPA from using the best and most relevant science. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5538. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, first, let me thank Ranking Member MCCOLLUM , for her tremendous leadership on this subcommittee and all environmental issues. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5538, the Fiscal Year 2017 Interior and Environment Appropriations Bill. This bill dangerously cuts spending by $64 million cut from FY16 and is $1 billion less than the President’s FY2017 request. And this is yet another spending bill filled with ideologically driven riders from House Republicans. While there are few positives in this bill, like restoration of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) grants under the Historic Preservation Fund and an increase in the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund and Water Infrastructure program, there are too 
many poison riders and cuts to critical programs. For instance, this bill still falls short of providing all of the necessary funding to address the Flint water crisis and fix our decaying water infrastructure. As I’ve mentioned before, I was part of a Congressional Delegation that recently traveled to Flint, Michigan to listen to the residents of Flint regarding the horrendous impact of these government decisions that lead to the poising of those of children and families. The environmental injustice in Flint is an example of how many lowincome communities of color are treated differently than affluent communities around the country. That is why full funding for the EPA is more important than ever. Yet this bill cuts the EPA by $164 million from FY16 levels. That is downright wrong. This dramatic cut will harm our nation’s ability to protect the health of our communities, our environment and to ensure clean water for our children. Mr. Chair, as I said before, the numerous dangerous and offensive policy riders included in this bill—just to name a few—would block the EPA’s Clean Power Plan and the Office of Surface Mining’s stream protection rule, both of which help curtail dirty and harmful U.S. coal mining. These appalling riders would roll back years of progress; undermine the Administration’s ability to protect endangered species, and to keep our land, water, and air clean. I hope my colleagues will join me in opposition to this bill until Republican appropriators stop the political gamesmanship and get serious about funding our government to meet our Nation’s vital needs. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered read through page 184, line 21. The text of the bill through page 184, line 21, is as follows: 
H.R. 5538 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR BUREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from BankheadJones lands transferred to the Department of the Interior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantlement of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities authorized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative costsharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in support of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropriations herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products: Provided further, That the Secretary shall approve any use of a rightof way granted pursuant to the General Railroad RightofWay Act of 1875 (43 U.S.C. 934– 939) if authorization of the use would have 
been considered under Department policy to be within the scope of a railroad’s authority as of the day before the effective date of the Department’s Solicitor’s Opinion M–37025, issued on November 4, 2011. UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities required in the conservation, management, investigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $14,837,000, to remain available until expended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $50,300,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which, notwithstanding section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, not more than $10,000,000 shall be for land conservation partnerships authorized by the Highlands Conservation Act of 2004, including not to exceed $320,000 for administrative expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $55,590,000, to remain available until expended, of which $24,790,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund; and of which $30,800,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $37,645,000, to remain available until expended. NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,910,000, to remain available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $11,061,000, to remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by operations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share at least onehalf the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, all fees collected for nontoxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such nontoxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, that none of the funds made available to the Service by this Act may be used to close or otherwise terminate operations of any of the 90 units of the National Fish Hatchery System. NATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the National Park Service, $2,435,047,000, of which $10,032,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $134,461,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the purposes of section 5 of Public Law 95–348. 
NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, international park affairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $62,632,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $78,410,000, to be derived from the Historic Preservation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which $5,000,000 shall be for Save America’s Treasures grants for preservation of national significant sites, structures, and artifacts as authorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (54 U.S.C. 3089): Provided, That an individual Save America’s Treasures grant shall be matched by nonFederal funds: Provided further, That individual projects shall only be eligible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvements, repair, or replacement of physical facilities, and compliance and planning for programs and areas administered by the National Park Service, $215,707,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2017 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5–Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further, That Na tional Park Service Donations, Park Concessions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with current reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this section. 
(RESCISSION)  The contract authority provided for fiscal year 2017 by section 200308 of title 54, United States Code, is rescinded. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory authority applicable to the National Park Service, $128,752,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $80,000,000 is for the State assistance program and of which $10,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. 
CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agreements, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from nonFederal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  From within the amount appropriated for activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for gauging stations and observation wells; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided, That activities funded by appropriations herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  For expenses necessary for granting leases, easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marinerelated purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $169,306,000, of which $74,362,000, is to remain available until September 30, 2018, and of which $94,944,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $74,362,000: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities. BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  ENFORCEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $136,968,000, of which $93,438,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2018, and of which $43,530,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous 
administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $93,438,000. For an additional amount, $53,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from nonrefundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2017, as provided in this Act: Provided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such inspection fees exceed $53,000,000, the amounts realized in excess of $53,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and missionrelated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), including the review of applications for permits to drill. Of the unobligated balances available for this account, $20,000,000 are permanently rescinded. 
OIL SPILL RESEARCH  For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  ENFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $119,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Office pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95– 87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That fees assessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $119,300,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,335,635,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $74,773,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized Indian tribes and tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $652,282,000 for school operations costs of Bureaufunded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That not to exceed $48,815,000 shall remain available until expended for housing improvement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improvement, and the NavajoHopi Settlement Program: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450f et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $75,335,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2017: Pro vided further, That any forestry funds allocated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2018, may be transferred during fiscal year 2019 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2019: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs for fiscal year 2017, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2018: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
commenced construction: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. 
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, and 111–291, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $49,025,000, to remain available until expended. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $8,757,000, of which $1,182,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $120,050,595. 
DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior, including the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $749,422,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $10,000,000 for the Office of Valuation Services is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until expended; and of which $38,300,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Pro vided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 under this heading shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  For fiscal year 2017, up to $400,000 of the payments authorized by the Act of October 20, 1976 (31 U.S.C. 6901–6907) may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that Act to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100: Provided further, That the Secretary may reduce the payment authorized by 31 U.S.C. 6901–6907 for an individual county by the amount necessary to correct prior year overpayments to that county: Provided further, That the amount needed to correct a prior year underpayment to an individual county shall be paid from any reductions for overpayments to other counties and the amount necessary to cover any remaining underpayment is hereby appropriated and shall be paid to individual counties: Provided further, That of the total amount made available by this title for ‘‘Office of the Secretary—Departmental Operations’’, $480,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of the Interior for fiscal year 2017 for payments in lieu of taxes under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code. INSULAR AFFAIRS  
Islands approved by Public Law 104–134: Pro vided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further, That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as nonFederal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Solicitor, $65,800,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $50,047,000. OFFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR  AMERICAN INDIANS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the operation of trust programs for Indians by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $139,029,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $18,688,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided, That funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ account; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2017, as authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such account to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either disbursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after September 30, 2002: Provided further, That erroneous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to reconcile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–412) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggregate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are unknown for a continuous period of at least five years and shall not be required to generate periodic statements of performance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the eighth proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain sufficient records to determine the balance of the individual accounts, including any accrued interest and income, and such funds shall remain available to the individual account holders. DEPARTMENT WIDE PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for large fire suppression operations of the Department of the Interior and as a reserve fund for suppression and Federal emergency response activities, $92,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are 
only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a declaration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  To conduct natural resource damage assessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and subchapter II of chapter 1007 of title 54, United States Code, $7,767,000, to remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or tradein value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. GENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  INTERIOR  
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For necessary expenses of forest and rangeland research as authorized by law, $291,982,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds provided, $77,000,000 is for the forest inventory and analysis program. 
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assistance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, including treatments of pests, pathogens, and invasive or noxious plants and for restoring and rehabilitating forests damaged by pests or invasive plants, cooperative forestry, and education and land conservation activities and conducting an international program as authorized, $244,038,000, to remain available through September 30, 2018, as authorized by law, of which $55,000,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to be used for the Forest Legacy Program, to remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $364,164,000, to remain available through September 30, 2018, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, reconstruction, decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That $40,000,000 shall be designated for urgently 
needed road decommissioning, road and trail repair and maintenance and associated activities, and removal of fish passage barriers, especially in areas where Forest Service roads may be contributing to water quality problems in streams and water bodies which support threatened, endangered, or sensitive species or community water sources: Pro vided further, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2017 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated: Provided further, That of the funds provided for decommissioning of roads, up to $24,543,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the Forest Service, $27,280,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
SPECIAL ACTS  For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California, as authorized by law, $950,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
EXCHANGES  For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be derived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by nonFederal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available through September 30, 2018, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96– 586; Public Law 76–589, 76–591; and Public Law 78–310). 
SUBSISTENCE USES  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96–487), $2,500,000, to remain available through September 30, 2018. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, emergency rehabilitation of burned over National Forest System lands and water, and for State and volunteer fire assistance, $2,593,763,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services provided in response to wildfire and other emergencies or disasters to the extent such reimbursements by the Forest Service for nonfire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $6,914,000 of funds appropriated under this appropriation shall be available for the Forest Service in support of fire science research authorized by the Joint Fire Science Program, including all Forest Service authorities for the use of funds, such as contracts, grants, research joint venture agreements, and cooperative agreements: Provided further, That all authorities for the use of funds, including the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, available to execute the Forest and Rangeland Research appropriation, are also available in the utilization of these funds for Fire Science Research: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for emergency rehabilitation and restoration, hazardous fuels management activities, support to Federal emergency response, and wildfire suppression activities of the Forest Service: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $395,000,000 is for hazardous fuels management activities, $19,795,000 is for research activities and to make competitive research grants pursuant to the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act, (16 U.S.C. 1641 et seq.), $78,000,000 is for State fire assistance, and $13,000,000 is for volunteer fire assistance under section 10 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2106): Provided further, That amounts in this paragraph may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’, and ‘‘Forest and Rangeland Research’’ accounts to fund forest and rangeland research, the Joint Fire Science Program, vegetation and watershed management, heritage site rehabilitation, and wildlife and fish habitat management and restoration: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $65,000,000 shall be available for the purpose of acquiring aircraft for the nextgeneration airtanker fleet to enhance firefighting mobility, effectiveness, efficiency, and safety, and such aircraft shall be suitable for contractor operation over the terrain and forest ecosystems characteristic of National Forest System lands, as determined by the Chief of the Forest Service: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That the funds provided herein may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land or on nonFederal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forest Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on nonFederal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further, That of the funds provided for hazardous fuels management, not to exceed $5,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That funds designated for wildfire suppression, including funds transferred from the ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’, shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs: Provided further, That of the funds for hazardous fuels management, up to $46,653,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program. FLAME WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION RESERVE FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for large fire suppression operations of the Department of Agriculture and as a reserve fund for suppression and Federal emergency response activities, $315,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a declaration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
be used for annual contracts and grants that fall within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facilities: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613) shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts received by tribes and tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until expended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, tribes and tribal organizations operating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400, et seq.): Provided further, That the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2017, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  For construction, repair, maintenance, improvement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the Indian SelfDetermination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $557,946,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities in conjunction with an existing interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Administration: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demolition Fund, to remain available until expended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal buildings. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE  Appropriations provided in this Act to the Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equipment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided, That in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, nonIndian patients may be extended health care at all tribally administered or Indian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651– 2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Pro vided further, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86– 121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), may be deobligated and reobligated to a selfdetermination contract under title I, or a selfgovernance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Pro vided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the Indian SelfDetermination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further, That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the appropriation structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses, $3,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the 
Council shall consist of one member, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  BOARD  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531, $15,431,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopipartitioned lands residents, those in significantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Provided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 640d10: Provided further, That $200,000 shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation, consistent with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). INSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  NATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  For payment to the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 56 part A), $11,619,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of public exhibits and performances; collection, preparation, dissemination, and exchange of information and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $712,487,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $50,467,000 for the instrumentation program, collections acquisition, exhibition reinstallation, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. FACILITIES CAPITAL  For necessary expenses of repair, revitalization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $150,860,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative expenses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy sixth Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publications or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allowances therefor, for other employees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and purchase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with individuals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $130,801,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which not to exceed $3,620,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. 
BUILDINGS  For necessary expenses of repair, restoration and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or renewals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as authorized, $22,564,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. JOHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE  PERFORMING ARTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $22,260,000. 
CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $14,140,000, to remain available until expended. WOODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  SCHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $10,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  HUMANITIES  NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $149,849,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. COMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,762,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropriation: Provided further, That the Commission is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study or education: Provided further, That onetenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representation expenses. 
AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses as authorized by Public Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,000,000. ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC  PRESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,480,000. NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $8,099,000: Provided, That onequarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. UNITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL  MUSEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $57,000,000, of which $1,215,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $2,500,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initiatives program shall remain available until expended. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 
the Bureau of Land Management, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the National Forest System lands, shall make vacant grazing allotments available to a holder of a grazing permit or lease issued by either Secretary if the lands covered by the permit or lease or other grazing lands used by the holder of the permit or lease are unusable because of drought or wildfire, as determined by the Secretary concerned. The terms and conditions contained in a permit or lease made available pursuant to this section shall be the same as the terms and conditions of the most recent permit or lease that was applicable to the vacant grazing allotment made available. Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) shall not apply with respect to any Federal agency action under this section. 
that have been removed from the public lands to other Federal, State, and local government agencies for use as work animals: Provided, That the Secretary may make any such transfer immediately upon request of such Federal, State, or local government agency: Provided further, That any excess animal transferred under this provision shall lose its status as a wild freeroaming horse or burro as defined in the Wild FreeRoaming Horses and Burros Act: Provided further, That any Federal, State, or local government agency receiving excess wild horses or burros as authorized in this section shall not destroy the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruction into commercial products, or sell or otherwise transfer the horses in a way that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products. 
WITHIN THE SACRAMENTO RIVER WATERSHED .— The term ‘‘existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed’’ means 
The CHAIR. Are there any points of order against that portion of the bill? 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I raise a point of order against section 128—that is, page 71, lines 19 through 25—of an otherwise excellent H.R. 5538 for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. This provision proposes to construe existing law by approving after the fact certain actions of the Secretary of the Interior found to violate section 5 of the Indian Reorganization Act of 1939 by the Supreme Court in the case of Carcieri v. Salazar. That case held that lands taken into trust by the Secretary of the Interior for tribes that were not federally recognized on June 18, 1934, were invalid. This constitutes legislation on an appropriations bill in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Minnesota. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, if I could ask Chairman BISHOP to a question, I just want to be clear. Is the chairman planning on moving the Carcieri language that has been in his committee for quite a while? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman may argue on the point of order only. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Oh, I am sorry. Thank you. The CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? The Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this provision construes existing law by deeming specified lands to be trust land. The provision, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the provision is stricken from the bill. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–683, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of House Resolution 820, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of that resolution. Each amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in 
the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 820, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 820, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–683. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 22, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $2,434,000)’’. Page 38, line 20, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,434,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, my amendment increases the law enforcement budget for America’s national wildlife refuges by $2.4 million to match the President’s budget request. The plusup would be fully offset from the account relating to the Office of the Secretary. Mr. Chairman, America’s national wildlife refuges encompass millions and millions of acres of public conservation lands and waters that provide endless opportunities for families to fish and enjoy the great outdoors. Our wildlife refuges are extremely popular, with over 48 million visitors annually, but many folks do not know they are suffering from a serious shortfall in law enforcement protection. In May of 2015, the International Association of Chiefs of Police recommended substantial increases to law enforcement resources for our national wildlife refuges. The report detailed the urgent need for officers to counter nefarious activities like drug production and smuggling, wildlife poaching, illegal border activity, assaults, and a variety of natural resource violations. This is consistent with what I hear at home in the Tampa Bay area. I represent the Egmont Key National Wildlife Refuge. It is part of a massive 30,000acre national wildlife refuge complex, the Chassahowitzka on the west coast of Florida along the Gulf of Mexico. That 30,000 acres has two law enforcement officers assigned to it, and this is a busy, busy tourist area. People really enjoy the wildlife refuges, but they are really suffering from a lot of nefarious activities. We need these additional funds, and with the additional funds, the Service should prioritize hiring additional Federal wildlife officers to serve the urban refuges and obtain equipment that is necessary to protect the resources and protect the visitors. In 2014, Service Federal wildlife officers managed over 42,000 servicerelated incidents, crimes, and request for services. That was a 20 percent increase from 2013, which included rapes, robberies, kidnappings, assaults, burglaries, larcenies, motor vehicle thefts, natural resource violations, timber thefts, arsons, trespassing, poaching, hunting and fishing violations, undocumented person apprehensions. In 2015, there were over 306 serious incidents reported, a 6 percent increase over the previous year. My home State of Florida is blessed with beautiful bays and rivers and coastline. We have the most wildlife refuges in the country, with 29, including the three in Tampa Bay: The beautiful Egmont Key Wildlife Refuge, Pinellas, and Passage Key. These are areas we have to protect, and we have to protect the visitors that enjoy our wildlife refuges. The number of visitors is increasing every year, and we can’t ignore the shortage of law enforcement officers anymore. This is an ongoing shortage that must be addressed. I urge my colleagues to address this important public safety issue and adopt the Castor amendment. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Ms. CASTOR ’s amendment. This amendment seeks additional funding for the refuge law enforcement, which we saw here the national wildlife refuge highlight the need for adequate law enforcement to protect our national wildlife refuge. This amendment will also ensure that refuge law enforcement, along with others in the Interior bill who provide law enforcement, will make sure that our visitors and our public employees and our natural resources all remain safe, and especially that these men and women can come home to their loved ones at the end of their shift. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I recognize and support the need for a right size law enforcement presence wherever people visit Federal lands, but this amendment would implement the budget request to hire 16 more Federal wildlife fire officers primarily in urban areas. Urban areas already have a strong local law enforcement presence, so the Federal Government should first look to contract with local law enforcement before deciding to hire more Federal officers. Furthermore, of all the law enforcement responsibilities covered in this bill, the biggest gap exists on Indian reservations, where 911 response times are often measured in hours and days instead of minutes. Before we pull more money out of the account that pays unsung civil servants to carry out the most fundamental functions of the department, let’s make sure we are putting the dollars where they are needed the most. I encourage the rest of my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate Chairman CALVERT ’s comments, but I can speak from personal experience. Our local law enforcement officers are overworked and often not equipped to handle the concerns on our national wildlife refuges. This is a Federal responsibility, to protect these conservation lands, to protect the visitors who are hunting and fishing who are sometimes disturbing natural resource areas. I mean, look at that list. It is really surprising: rapes and robberies and kidnappings and assaults. We can do better than this. We have to do everything we can to keep our neighbors safe at home and to protect our natural lands. I urge adoption of the Castor amendment so that we can address this important public safety issue. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. CASTOR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. 
COLE), a valued member of our Interior Subcommittee, for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would like to thank the chairman for his extraordinary work on this legislation. Furthermore, both he and Chairman BISHOP of the Committee on Natural Resources have graciously tried to resolve a matter of great significance to Indian Country. Beginning in the late 16th century, the size of socalled Indian Country, in what later became the United States, has steadily diminished. To reverse this trend, in 1934 Congress passed a law which allowed the Federal Government to take land into trust for the benefit of Indian tribes. Interior has done so for the past 82 years. Interior’s ability to take land into trust for all tribes was questioned in 2009 following the Supreme Court’s opinion in the Carcieri v. Salazar decision. The Carcieri opinion cast doubt on whether Interior has the ability to take land into trust for the benefit of tribes if they were not ‘‘under Federal jurisdiction’’ in 1934. Since then, Indian tribes have been threatened by legal challenges to the status of their trust lands. The possibility of litigation chills economic and infrastructure development on trust lands. Together we have worked closely with the House Committee on Natural Resources on a provision that would have settled any dispute as to the status of a trust land up to the Carcieri decision of 2009. I come to the House floor today to express my gratitude for that effort. b1730 I would like to stress that this provision had nothing to do with promoting or enhancing the ability of tribes to build and operate a gaming facility away from reservations or existing land, though, of course, they have every right to operate on existing lands as long as they comply with the provisions of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988. In no way is this provision designed to promote offreservation gaming. Quite frankly, the overwhelming majority of Indian trust lands are used to provide essential government services, such as education, health care, and housing. Well in advance of the Interior Subcommittee markup, a meeting was held between myself, Chairman CALVERT , Chairman YOUNG , and Chairman BISHOP of the Natural Resources Committee. We believed an agreement had been reached between the authorizers and the appropriators. However, further staff discussions revealed that differences still remain. For that reason, we have decided to table this matter for the time being and continue working together on a solution amenable to all parties involved. I would like to emphasize that both the authorizers and the appropriators have worked in good faith, and I promise that we will keep doing so. Despite the fact that the socalled Cole provision was stricken from the Interior appropriation bill, I am encouraged with the progress we have made thus far. There is no easy solution for the Carcieri problem. But if we keep working at it, I am convinced that we can reach an agreement that is acceptable to all parties. Again, I thank the chairman for his work. Mr. CALVERT. Reclaiming my time, I thank my friend and distinguished colleague from Oklahoma and the Chickasaw Nation. He has been a true leader for Indian Country during his tenure on the Appropriations Committee. I think we can both be proud of the progress we have made, working together in a nonpartisan way with our friends on the other side of the aisle. On the matter of land into trust and the Carcieri decision, I am grateful for the opportunity to work with you, as well as Chairman BISHOP and Chairman YOUNG of the Natural Resources Committee, to try to come to an agreement that would affirm land taken into trust before the Carcieri decision and would improve our understanding of how the Department of the Interior arrived at decisions to take land into trust after the Carcieri decision. It has been over 7 years since the Carcieri decision, and tribal, municipal, and State governments continue to struggle in the aftermath. We need to bring clarity and certainty to the matter of land taken into trust on behalf of our American Indian brothers and sisters. Mr. COLE, you have my commitment to continue to work with you and the rest of our colleagues on a solution. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 13, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 38, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today to offer an amendment which would provide a modest increase to the operation of the National Park Service account. This August 25 will mark the 100th anniversary of our National Park Service. Each year, more than 275 million people visit our national parks. Our national parks, heritage areas, monuments, and historical sights occupy more than 84 million acres of land in all 50 States and are home to more than 1,000 endangered and threatened animal species. My home State of Rhode Island is home to one of the newest units in the National Park Service, the Blackstone River Valley National Historic Park. The Blackstone Valley marks the birthplace of the American industrial revolution and serves as a monument to the growth of our Nation. Sites like Old Slater Mill in Pawtucket and the Museum of Work and Culture in Woonsocket help tell the story of how America became an economic superpower. It is essential that our national park system receives the funding that is necessary to help tell America’s story and preserve it for generations to come. Being one of the newest units of the park system, Blackstone relies on long term partnerships built over several decades in cities and towns as well as other public and private partnerships to help define its boundaries and strengthen its economic and cultural impact. However, it relies on Federal dollars, as well, from the National Park Service for its operations, including seasonal and yearround staff, maintenance of its facilities, and ongoing planning for the park’s development. Unfortunately, this bill has underfunded the account for our national parks significantly below the budget request for fiscal year 2017. As a result, the more than 400 units of the National Park Service, including Blackstone, will be forced to do more with less. This will also be a step backward for the Blackstone River Valley National Historic Park. While the budget increase for Blackstone was modest for this year, it was an essential step forward to continue the momentum needed to allow the park to continue meeting its potential as a vital part of the New England landscape and a driver of economic growth in Rhode Island and Massachusetts. My amendment makes a modest reduction of $2.5 million from the departmental operations account for the Department of the Interior, which receives a funding level in this bill that is more than $470 million above the budget request, and moves it to the operation of the National Park Service account, which was underfunded by more than $89 million. This small increase to the Office of National Park Service account will not be enough to make up for the constraints that the bill places on our national parks, nor will it, of course, guarantee that Blackstone will be able to receive all the resources it truly needs. What it will do is ensure that some additional funds are available that may help Blackstone continue to 
increase the momentum it has built since its establishment in 2014. The extra funds this amendment provides will help provide some relief to our national parks, which provide a critical boost to our economy. According to the National Parks Conservation Association, every dollar the Federal Government invests in our national parks generates $10 in economic activity. Let’s continue to support these critical investments in our national parks, which are the envy of the world. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. CICILLINE. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I would urge adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . HIMES  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ), I offer amendment No. 3. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 13, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $300,000)(increased by $300,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chairman, I am delighted to offer an amendment that was authored by my good friend and colleague, JOE COURTNEY of Connecticut. This is an amendment that would provide, on a budgetneutral basis, $300,000 to the national park system for the New England National Scenic Trail. This is something that is very important to us in the region of New England. It is an environmental treasure that is located in the backyards of millions of Connecticut and Massachusetts residents. The trail was officially designated as a National Scenic Trail in 2009, but has long been enjoyed by all southern New Englanders. The New England National Scenic Trail winds through 40 communities, and nearly 2 million people live within 10 miles of it. Starting in Guilford, Connecticut, just outside my district, on the shores of the Long Island Sound, the trail winds northward on a ridgeline tracing the Connecticut River, across the Pioneer Valley highlands in Massachusetts, and ends at Royalston Falls on the Massachusetts New Hampshire border. This budgetneutral amendment simply ensures that $300,000 within the operation of the National Park System account will be set aside to fund the New England National Scenic Trail. Over a decade ago, the National Park Trail feasibility study recommended that the New England Trail would need an annual operating budget of $271,000 in Federal funding; but the trail has, unfortunately, received an average of less than half that—$127,000 annually, in the NPS operations funding. Of this funding, the National Park Service takes onethird, leaving only about $43,000 for each State to manage this 223milelong trail, a trail that winds through some of the most scenic areas of New England and some of the most historic parts of our country with respect to the Revolutionary War. The Massachusettsbased Appalachian Mountain Club and the Connecticut Forest and Park Association have done an outstanding job leveraging the minimal $127,000 in funding, raising $1.5 million in non Federal dollars in 2015 alone. Mr. Chair, this amendment will ensure stable funding for the New England Trail and safeguard a highquality recreational and wilderness experience for the many thousands of trail users in our small, densely populated region of the country. I respectfully urge my colleagues to support this budgetneutral amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, unfortunately, the bill before us already funds the New England National Scenic Trail at the requested level, so any additional funds are not necessary at this time. I reluctantly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I request a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 28, line 3, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 28, line 16, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 73, line 3, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment provides a modest increase in grant funding to Appalachian States for the reclamation of abandoned mine lands in conjunction with economic and community development and reuse goals. Funding for these reclamation grants was first established last fiscal year at $90 million, but was provided exclusively to the three Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded reclamation needs. Last year, I offered an amendment to expand this program to the next three Appalachian States with the greatest unmet needs. As you might imagine, Virginia is one of those three, with the other two being Alabama and Ohio. I am encouraged that the underlying bill heeds that call and expands these grants to do the next three Appalachian States, but the need is far too great in areas like southwest Virginia, and much more can be accomplished with a small increase in this program. My amendment increases the funding level for these grants from $90 million to $105 million, with that additional funding dedicated to setting a more balanced distribution of funds among Appalachian States. This additional funding is needed to really get in and do some work to help these Appalachian coal communities that have been economically devastated, while at the same time helping reduce the environmental impact of unreclaimed mine lands. My office has worked closely with the House Interior Appropriations Committee staff on this amendment language to come to a resolution that ensures that additional support for one Appalachian community does not come at the expense of another Appalachian coal community. This additional support will have a significant impact on economic development work throughout Appalachia, while being offset by a slight reduction in the EPA’s environmental programs and management account, totaling only onehalf of 1 percent of that account, reducing it from $2.527 billion to $2.512 billion. Additionally, I am encouraged that staff at the Congressional Budget Office have determined that my amendment would result in a reduction of $6 million in outlays for this fiscal year, 
as the money would be spent out at a slower rate over the coming years than would have occurred under the EPA’s environmental programs and management account. This program is an essential tool to help reinvigorate coal communities throughout Appalachia struggling with restoring and reclaiming abandoned mine sites in a way that would help put people back to work. I urge Members to support this amendment and support these coal communities that are struggling now more than ever. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I very strongly oppose this amendment. It takes more money away from an already starved Environmental Protection Agency. The bill severely cuts the EPA’s main operating accounts by $92 million; $92 million this bill already cuts from the EPA’s operating account. The very air we breathe and the water we drink are endangered by funding and policy decisions already made in this bill, and their consequences will be negatively felt in communities all across this Nation. Now, I understand that the EPA is an easy target cut for many of my colleagues across the aisle, but I want my colleagues to understand what this amendment would cut, if adopted. The account funds programs that are important to both sides of the aisle, including permitting for construction projects across the country, toxics risk prevention, and the very successful brownfields program, as well as pesticide listing. I appreciate the gentleman’s amendment. It shows support for the administration’s POWER Plus Plan, which is a program it is modeled after. And I understand that the amendment would direct more funding to States in Appalachia that, I agree, have suffered under the ravaging environmental harm caused by coal mining. But unfortunately, I cannot support a deeper cut to the EPA, and I must oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b1745 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I appreciate the work the gentleman from Virginia and his staff put into crafting an amendment that the committee could support. Any program to help promote economic development in an area so devastated as the Appalachia is worthy of our support, so I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I would just say that I recognize the concerns that the opponents to this amendment have; but what we are trying to do is to take some money, direct it for an environmental purpose, but also help take the reclaimed mine lands, make them right, make them so that they are the way they are supposed to be, and have a purpose that will then allow us to use—whether it be recreational, whether it be some other form of business, but allow us to use those lands for economic development in an area where unemployment is now peaking up over 10 percent, where depopulation is constant and where, frankly, Mr. Chairman, we can’t afford more waittillnextyear approaches from Washington, D.C. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 29, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, if Chairman CALVERT  and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM are able to commit to work with me on this, I do plan to withdraw this amendment, and I appreciate the time to be able to share a few words with everybody about why this amendment is so important. I want to say a few words about my amendment and the challenges facing people in my district in New Mexico. My amendment requires the Bureau of Indian Affairs to report, identify, and adjudicate to landowners egress and ingress easements where they do not exist for landowners on land parcels adjudicated under the Pueblo Lands Act of 1924. While this sounds like a complex issue, Mr. Chairman, it is a very simple issue, and one that was created back in 1924 with the Pueblo Lands Act. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, is the result of an issue that is specific to the State of New Mexico and the 1924 Pueblo Lands Act. In 1924, Congress passed the Pueblo Lands Act, which established the Pueblo Lands Board. This board was tasked with adjudicating land claims to Pueblo lands, and it took about 6 years, until 1930, for the board to adjudicate these claims between the Pueblos and nontribal landowners. For the last 80 years, families have been able to buy homes and build homes, pass land on from one generation to the next. Everything had been going well until recently, when the Bureau of Indian Affairs alleged a trespass on some of the county roads, the County of Santa Fe, which is a local government in the State of New Mexico, that provide egress and ingress to the nontribal residents. Now these residents have been given patents by the United States of America. That is what the Pueblo Lands Act did, giving the clearest title to land ownership in the United States of America. But as a result of the BIA letter, the title insurance companies in the State of New Mexico began to refuse issuing title insurance. Now, as we all know, that complicates your ability to buy a home, sell a home, or even refinance a home so that way you can reroof a home. In some instances, some of the families were trying to refinance that home because of bills that they have incurred for healthcare purposes; but because they are not able to get title to their home, they are not able to do so. Mr. Chairman, these are families who have their entire savings in their homes, like many of us across America. These are families who have been saving up to build a home in a community where they grew up, where their parents grew up, where their grandparents grew up, and now they are fortunate to have a piece of land there. I want to share with you a paragraph from a constituent by the name of Jeff Archuleta that he sent to me. He writes: ‘‘When I grew up and my wife and I started a family of our own, it was easy for me to decide where I wanted to raise our boys. I was fortunate enough to obtain an acre of land from my father. I don’t know exactly how long this parcel of land had been in my family, but I can say that it was listed in the San Idelfonso report of 1929 addressing land titles between the pueblo and nonpueblo residents. This document references land that was in non pueblo private landowner’s possession prior to the Pueblo Lands Act of 1924. Reference is also made to a Spanish Grant approved by Congress December 22, 1858. At the time of this report, the land belonged to Demetrio and Catalina Roybal. They later deeded the land to one of their children, my great uncle Pedro Roybal, who went on to sell it to my father.’’ Mr. Chairman, I worry that we need to address this issue, but that this dispute is tearing at the fabric of our communities. For more than 2 years now, I have tried to get anyone from the Bureau of Indian Affairs to provide assistance to me, to provide a way to get this solved. I have asked the BIA for the process and any criteria they used to issue an alleged trespass, and to share their antiquated database with the public. I 
have asked for maps and historical documents that the BIA considered. Nothing was produced. I asked for the chainofcommand that was followed and the BIA’s interpretation and understanding of the Pueblo Lands Act of 1924 and the actions of the Pueblo Lands Board. Nothing was produced. I even asked the BIA for information related to mediation services, Mr. Chairman, because the fabric of these communities are being torn apart. That is why I felt compelled to offer this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am happy to work with the gentleman and Ms. MCCOLLUM in a nonpartisan way to address the concerns of your constituents. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member who has also encouraged us to find a way to work together. I also want to thank Chairman CALVERT and his staff for being accommodating so we can sit down and look at this very important issue that is specific to the State of New Mexico. I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member. Ms. MCCOLLUM. I look forward to working with the gentleman and with Chairman CALVERT on this issue. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I thank everyone. I thank all the staff. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Mexico? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 29, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that is related to the previous amendment that I offered. It was something that I uncovered as I was learning more and more about how to solve the egressingress issue pursuant to the 1924 Pueblo Lands Act. Chairman CALVERT , again, with your commitment, and that of Ranking Member MCCOLLUM , if you are able to work with me on this issue, I plan to withdraw this amendment. This amendment sought to reprogram $1 million in the Bureau of Indian Affairs funding to require the Bureau of Indian Affairs to update and digitize its inventory of rightsofway records and to make them publicly available in a commonly used mapping format. Unfortunately, the Bureau of Indian Affairs has long failed to adequately maintain rightsofway records, and the Bureau is often unable to provide requested documentation to tribes and other stakeholders in a timely manner. For example, when my office asked for information related to the rights ofway in New Mexico, the Bureau of Indian Affairs could not share it with my office in a timely fashion. And just today, Mr. Chairman, the Pueblo of Zia, a pueblo in the State of New Mexico, provided me documentation that the Pueblo of Zia has asked the Bureau of Indian Affairs for a request of specific rightsofway information this past February, February 24, 2016, to be exact. It is now July. The Pueblo of Zia tells me that none of this information has been provided to the pueblo. My argument is this, Mr. Chairman. If this information was made available to the public in a way that the Bureau of Indian Affairs, as I understand it, should already be making available, this information should be readily available. This is simply unacceptable that the information is not being provided, and especially with the trust responsibilities the Bureau of Indian Affairs has with tribes as well. Thankfully, I believe there is a commonsense solution. In February 2014, the Tribal Transportation Unity Caucus, the National Congress of American Indians, and the Intertribal Transportation Association, jointly developed recommendations for a highway reauthorization, including one to improve the Bureau of Indian Affairs’ rightsofway management. They suggested requiring the BIA to update and computerize rightsofway documentation and make them available in a commonly used mapping format. The National Congress of American Indians then passed a resolution endorsing these recommendations in April of 2014. Unfortunately, this commonsense provision didn’t make it into the highway bill, which is why I am offering the amendment today. Too often, the BIA’s mismanagement of these records disrupts and slows down projects that are important to tribes and surrounding communities while creating unnecessary conflict. Mr. Chairman, if we can map the human genome, then surely the BIA can map a few roads, manage its rightsofway records, and build an accessible, public database to provide certainty to tribes, local governments, and State governments, and other stakeholders. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, again, I am happy to work with the gentleman and Ms. MCCOLLUM in a nonpartisan way to address these issues, and I look forward to working with him to resolve this for his constituents. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. I thank Chairman CALVERT again for his leadership and for his staff again. I appreciate the time to work together. And, again, Ranking Member MCCOLLUM, to you and the minority staff, thank you for all that you do. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Mexico? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Chair understands that amendment No. 7 will not be offered. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RICE of South Carolina) assumed the chair. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate disagrees to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 2012) ‘‘An Act to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes.’’, and agrees to the request by the House for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and appoints Ms. MURKOWSKI , Mr. BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. CANTWELL , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. S ANDERSto be the conferees on the part of the Senate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 38, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Ranking Member BETTY  MCCOLLUM . 
We can raise the living standards for working families all over the country right now if we use Federal dollars to create good jobs. The United States Government is the largest buyer of goods and services in the world, and the United States Government should use that power to create good jobs and to create a highroad economy for all Americans. My amendment would reprogram funds to create an Office of Good Jobs in the Interior Department that would do the following: it would help ensure the Department’s procurement, grant making, and regulatory decisions encourage the creation of decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. Mr. Chairman, it is important for all Americans to know that more than 1 in 5 Americans are employed by companies with Federal contracts. Right now the U.S. Government is America’s leading lowwage job creator. That is right. The United States Government, at this very hour, funds over 2 million lowpaying jobs through contracts, loans, and grants with corporate America. That is why more than the total number—the total number of lowwage workers employed by Walmart and McDonalds combined do not equal the number of lowwage jobs funded by the United States Government. b1800 That is right. WalMart and McDonald’s combined have fewer lowwage jobs than are funded by the Federal Government right now. U.S. contract workers earn so little that nearly 40 percent of them use public assistance programs like food stamps and Section 8 to feed and shelter their families. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support this amendment. This Office of Good Jobs would help ensure that the Interior contracting employment decisions encourage the creation of decent paid jobs, implementation of fair labor practices, and responsible employer practices. The Federal Government should set an example to the Nation when it comes to contracting decisions, and the office will guide Interior to make responsible contracting employment decisions. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. RICE of South Carolina). The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is duplicative. It ignores the existing contractor award system that is already in place. Contracting officers must already consult the system for award management to ensure a contractor can be awarded a contract. Businesses on the excluded parties list system have been suspended or debarred through a due process system and may not be eligible to receive or renew Federal contracts for such cited offenses. The best way to ensure that the government contracts with or provides grants to the best employers is to enforce the existing suspension and debarment system. Bad actors who are in violation of the basic worker protections should not be awarded Federal contracts. That is why the Federal Government already has a system in place to deny Federal contracts to bad actors. If a contractor fails to maintain high standards of integrity and business ethics, agencies already have the authority to suspend or debar the employer from government contracting. In 2014, Federal agencies issued more than 1,000 suspensions and nearly 2,000 debarments to employers who bid on Federal contracts. The amendment would delay the procurement process with harmful consequences. On numerous occasions, the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office has highlighted costly litigation stemming from complex regulatory rules, including from the Fair Labor Standards Act. This amendment punishes employers who may unknowingly or unwillingly get caught in the Federal Government’s maze of bureaucratic rules and reporting requirements. The procurement process is already plagued by delays and inefficiencies. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 21⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, let me point out that the gentleman confuses the debarment process, which says that we are going to look at the very worst actors and exclude them and the Office of Good Jobs, which would say that we will use education and we will use prioritization to make sure that the best employers are the ones that the American taxpayer is going to employ in order to award contracts. It is just a simple matter of understanding the difference between excluding the very worst and rewarding the best. I think that the American people would like to see the Federal Government say: You are a good employer, you pay good wages and good benefits, and we think that that kind of practice is the kind of thing we like to see, and, therefore, our Office of Good Jobs is going to prioritize such businesses. Time and time again, we hear Members of the party opposite confuse the debarment process with the Office of Good Jobs concept. It is a big difference, and I think that the American people would agree that where we find the best practices, we should reward them, not simply create a big, big bottle, a big, big vat of the best competing with the mediocre, and then exclude the very, very worst. I just want to make this point. This is good for good contractors in many ways, because if you are an excellent contractor and you go out of your way to reward good workers and help create a hybrid economy, you are still competing with the people who are doing the bare minimum they can just to avoid debarment. I think that is not fair to good contractors. I think good contractors ought to be rewarded. I think that if we establish this Office of Good Jobs, what we will see is a general wave throughout our economy as the private sector will look to the Federal Government as to what the best ways to create a fair economy could be, and we would see a greater measure of economic equality and opportunity throughout the land. I just want to say that if the system we had was adequate, why, then, would we have 40 percent of all people who work for Federal contractors eligible for Federal Government programs, like Section 8 and food stamps? Why would we see that? Well, because we are not prioritizing good jobs. We are just saying that if you are a lawbreaker, you will be excluded, but other than that, we don’t really care. An Office of Good Jobs would change that. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. It is intended that the appropriation for Departmental Operations in the Office of the Secretary at the United States Interior Department be used to establish an Office of Good Jobs in the Department aimed at ensuring that the Department’s procurement, grantmaking, and regulatory decisions encourage the creation of decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. The office’s structure shall be substantially similar to the Centers for FaithBased and Neighborhood Partnerships located within the Department of Education, Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Labor, Department of Agriculture, and Department of Commerce, Department of Veterans Affairs, U.S. Department of State, Small Business Administration, Environmental Protection Agency, the Corporation for National and Community Service, and U.S. Agency for International Development. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, we have a process in place. I certainly won’t support subjective Federal decisionmakers deciding who is a good employer and who is a bad employer. As a former employer myself, I know that most employers in this country are good people who want to make sure that people have good jobs. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider Amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 38, line 20, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,060,000)’’. Page 40, line 7, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,060,000)’’. Page 74, line 25, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $13,060,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, my simple amendment would add $13 million to the Hazardous Substance Superfund to equal the level requested by the EPA. Superfund cleanup is the right thing for the environment, right for the economy, and certainly right for public health. I am from the Garden State. We are known across the country for having the best tomatoes, corn, blueberries, and cranberries we grow. But in south Jersey, we have a history as a cornerstone of heavy industry. New Jersey found out the hard way what you can and what you can’t dump into the lakes, backyards, and other facilities. Then companies left, leaving our constituents holding the bag. Representative Jim Florio, who held my seat from 1975 to 1990, saw these very issues in south Jersey and across the country. That is why he authored the Superfund legislation back in 1980. Almost four decades later, the list of Superfund sites is still overflowing. There are well over 1,000 contaminated sites across the country, and I have 13 in my district alone. In 2015, the GAO studied the progress of the Superfund program. The report found that, in real dollars, appropriations to the EPA Superfund program declined almost $1 billion from 1999 to 2013. Congress has funded less than 40 percent of shovelready cleanup projects. The EPA is often forced to prioritize one seriously contaminated site over another, leaving those other sites to be contaminated, in some cases, up to 50 years. This amendment would help the EPA clean up more contaminated materials in their parks, backyards, and commercial properties sooner rather than later. Mr. Chairman, later the House will consider another amendment of mine that would designate an additional $15 million within the Superfund account, specifically for the enforcement division. Not only do we consistently underfund Superfund cleanup activities, we have even underfunded the EPA office that is supposed to go after those polluters who have been found guilty of dumping and polluting our environment. As I mentioned earlier, in my district alone, I have over 13 sites that lay contaminated today. I just briefly want to tell you about three of them. The sites are named after the company that was accused and has been found liable, that is the SherwinWilliams site. These sites include the SherwinWilliams/ Hilliard’s Creek site located in Gibbsboro, the Route 561 Dump Site in Gibbsboro, and United States Avenue Burn Site in Gibbsboro. Those other sites include part of Voorhees also. Back in the 1930s, SherwinWilliams opened a paint factory. For 20 years, they dangerously dumped these chemicals that were related to their synthetic varnish to be produced and dumped in around the Gibbsboro and Voorhees area. These toxic chemicals from the varnish seeped into the groundwater, contaminating not only the commercial properties, but the streams, lakes, and homes for miles around. After the devastating events of Flint, Michigan, I know I don’t have to tell you about the horrific effects of lead exposure on children’s developmental issues and pregnant women. According to the EPA, longterm exposure to high levels of arsenic can lead to cancers like skin cancer, bladder cancer, and lung cancer. This is why my constituents and, quite frankly, all Americans across the country are faced with this decision. They need relief today—not in a few years from now. We must hold companies like SherwinWilliams accountable for the havoc that they have wreaked in communities like Gibbsboro and Voorhees. We owe it to our constituents to do everything in our power to protect their health. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, while I appreciate the intent of the gentleman’s amendment to increase funding for the Superfund, something that we all support, it is important that Members understand two things: First, top line funding for the Superfund is already increased in the bill by $27 million from the FY16 enacted level. Second, the gentleman proposes to reduce funding for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes, PILT, program which is critical to counties and local governments in 49 States, including New Jersey, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. territories. PILT is fully funded in this bill. It is a program supported by a large, bipartisan majority in the House. A reduction in the PILT funding would have a detrimental effect on counties and local governments across the country. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentleman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, this is about protecting public health from designated sites that have been contaminated for literally decades. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider Amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment simply strips the language that would block the implementation of the Stream Protection Rule. We should not willfully delay or stop this rule. I am very familiar with mountaintop removal mining. When I was Lieutenant Governor of Virginia in the 1990s, mountaintop removal mining became the most prevalent coal mining technique in central Appalachia. I made more than 100 trips to Virginia’s coalfields, and I know firsthand the negative impact mountaintop removal has had on the environment and on the health of these communities. If we know of reasonable ways to mitigate negative effects, we should be doing everything in our power to implement them. That is why the Stream Protection Rule is so important. During mountaintop removal, tens of thousands of cubic feet of mountaintops are blown off with explosives and 
pushed over the sides, filling mountain valleys with enormous waste piles. b1815 These valley fills, as they are called, bury headwater streams and everything else that once populated the valley. Already, mountaintop removal mining has flattened more than 500,000 acres of forested land and permanently buried over 2,000 miles of streams, destroying sources that feed our water. Emerging science has documented a dramatic decline in the diversity, the abundance, and the biomass of fish in streams with pollution that results from mining. It is the coal industry that asked the government to clearly define the expectations for environmental protection, and that is what this rule does. By introducing verified scientific methods and testing, the government provides regulatory certainty and achieves the environmental protection that is required by law. Without this rule, stream destruction continues to occur and the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement will remain vulnerable to more legal challenges. Local citizens will be forced to resort to the courts instead of having their government act to protect their welfare. The stream protection rule is sufficiently flexible to accommodate the different regions where coal is mined. It is very different in Wyoming than it is in southwest Virginia. The rule is designed to prevent water pollution due to coal mining using current scientific understanding. It is designed to protect our families while protecting jobs. In fact, the Office of Surface Mining’s analysis shows this rule will have minimal impact on coal companies and minimal job loss. The estimate is 10 lost jobs—10. We have seen how necessary this rule is in Virginia. Water monitoring found that Kelly Branch Mine in Wise County dumped the toxic pollutant selenium into streams at levels way above State water quality standards and without a permit to allow such pollution. As a result of a citizen suit, Southern Coal Corporation has since agreed to perform environmental cleanup projects and pay penalties and attorney fees for these pollution violations. But, Mr. Chairman, we shouldn’t need lawsuits. This violation shouldn’t happen in the first place. Now is the time to give the people of Appalachia and others around the country protections for their waterways that were promised to them by Congress. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, in 2008, the Office of Surface Mining finalized revisions to the stream zone buffer rule in an open and transparent manner. After taking office, the Obama administration put on hold that rule and proposed a different rule last year without the input of the States. The administration’s approach under the new rule has been anything but collaborative and inclusive, and States have been totally shut out of the process. In response, the FY16 omnibus includes language to bring the States and the administration back together. To date, OSM has not shared all documents with the States and refuses to meet with the States that have requested meetings. The American people expect more— more openness and transparency from their government—and that is why this funding prohibition must remain in the base bill. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and reject this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. The amendment would allow OMS to deal with the continuing problems posed by mountaintop mining removal because this practice contaminates, destroys streams, and negatively impacts human health. Two lawsuits challenge this Bushera rule, and in February 2014, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia vacated a 2008 stream buffer rule. It is important that we allow this to move forward, and I am going to simply state why. In a study in 2011, it found that counties near mountaintop mining areas had higher rates for five out of six types of birth defects, including circulatory, respiratory, skeletomuscular, central nervous system, gastrointestinal, and I could go on and on. Clearly, we know that the health effects from mountaintop miningrelated air and water contamination is cumulative and is dangerous to public health. OSM must be allowed to go forward with this water protection rule to guarantee the public an opportunity to live a healthy life. I urge my colleagues to support the Beyer amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, with great respect to the subcommittee chairman, I was at the hearing all morning at Natural Resources a few months ago when we had the Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement on this exact issue. He deeply resisted the idea, what he called, I think it was, the fix or the myth that we weren’t working closely with the States. I completely agree with the subcommittee chairman that the Office of Surface Mining should work very closely with the States to develop this rule and, in fact, insisted that they had from the beginning of the Obama administration, picking up on what the Bush administration had done, right through today. I agree that this is appropriate, but I resist the wisdom of the truth that the States have been shut out of the process. One more small point, but a really important point. A 2009 report on the NIH Web site estimated that coal mining cost Appalachia five times more in premature deaths—$42 billion—than it provided the region in all jobs, taxes, and other economic benefits from coal mining—just $8 billion. We are not trying to get rid of coal. There is no war on coal. We just want to make sure that the people who are doing the work who live there are protected. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire of the Chair how much time is remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, this is a critically important issue—the prohibition that is contained in this bill—relating to this incredible overreach of the regulatory authority from this administration. The stream buffer zone rule is similar in character to so many of the efforts of this administration to empower the EPA and, in this case, the Office of Surface Mining to do things that are without legal basis and authority under the law. What is very important about this provision in this bill is saying no to this administration, no, once again, to a regulatory overreach that is not founded in basis of law. I strongly urge the rejection of this amendment so we maintain the language that is contained in the Interior appropriations bill saying no to this administration’s overreach of the rules and regulations. I suggest and encourage a rejection of this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman from New 
Mexico (Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM), I offer amendment No. 11. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes section 122 from the underlying bill. That section would prevent the BLM from meeting its statutory obligations under the Mineral Leasing Act to ensure operators ‘‘use all reasonable precautions to prevent waste of oil or gas.’’ The BLM would also be prevented, if this underlying provision remains, from modernizing the existing 30year old oil and gas production rules to bring them into line with technological advancements in the industry. If that provision stays in the bill, States, tribes, and Federal taxpayers stand to lose royalty revenues when natural gas is wasted, which a 2010 GAO report estimated could amount to as much as $23 million, annually, in royalty revenue. If this provision remains in the bill, BLM will not be able to update the current royalty rate or raise it as conditions may warrant. A recommendation has been made by both the GAO and the inspector general that they do that, that the conditions do indicate that an increase is in order. So it is just good government to take this provision out, to update a 30year old set of regulations in order to better reflect the current operating climate and to ensure a fair royalty return. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the bill includes section 122 because the Bureau of Land Management does not have the authority to regulate methane emissions. Congress has given that authority to the Environmental Protection Agency. BLM’s proposed regulation is just another part of the administration’s overly aggressive regulatory agenda and overly broad interpretation of current law. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. Can you imagine a 30yearold oil and gas production rule and not being able to update it? This amendment allows a 30yearold rule to comply with today’s technology to make sure that we are doing what is best practices in the industry and we can work with the industry to do proper oversight. As was pointed out, if this provision stays in place, States, tribes, and Federal taxpayers would lose royalty revenues. We should be doing everything we can with our public lands to make sure the taxpayer receives full value whenever there is a lease. I support this amendment, and I urge for its adoption. Just once again, imagine not being able to update 30yearold rules and not being able to update current royalty rates. We need to do better by the American taxpayer; we need to strike this provision; we need to do the updates; we need to update 30yearold regulations; and we need to make sure that the American taxpayer gets a fair return on its royalties. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–683. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 69, beginning at line 3, strike section 124. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, my amendment ensures that we keep the appropriate safety regulations in place for offshore oil drilling to reduce the risk of an offshore oil disaster and the devastating impacts on our economy and environment. The Deepwater Horizon blowout of 2010 is still very fresh in our minds. I represent a Gulf Coast district in Florida, in Tampa Bay, and I remember very well the 87 days that oil spewed out of that Deepwater well, the 11 lives lost, and the huge economic losses. One study said that, in Florida, we lost 50,000 jobs because of that blowout, not to mention the environmental catastrophe that it was, that we are still trying to determine the longterm impacts. b1830 For 87 days, the well continued to pump 134 million gallons of toxic oil before it could be stopped. This tarred fisheries, wildlife, and fragile ecosystems. I will always remember the motel owner from Pinellas County who cried because all of her business had evaporated. We didn’t even have oil on the Gulf Coast beaches around Tampa Bay, but all of the tourists left. Our lifeblood in Florida is the tourism industry and the fishing industry. This is really inexplicable after years of working with industry, after congressional hearings to determine the causes of that disaster, after numerous investigative reports, including the bipartisan National Oil Spill Commission, led by former Florida Governor and Senator Bob Graham, and Republican and former EPA Administrator William Riley, where they zeroed in on the fact that it was the well casing and the blowout preventer that was the source of the problem. Based upon all of those findings and investigations, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement developed its final Well Control Rule, which focuses on the blowout preventer and well control requirements, because this is America, and we can develop stateof theart technology for risky oil drilling no matter where it is occurring. The final rule was developed after unprecedented outreach and consultation with industry and other stakeholders. It addresses the full range of systems and equipment that are related to well control operations, with a focus on blowout preventer requirements, well design, well control casings, cementing, realtime monitoring, and subsea containment. These measures are designed to improve equipment reliability, especially for blowout preventers. The most important thing is they protect our communities. They protect us from a disaster like the BP Deepwater Horizon from ever happening again. It is really inexplicable that the Republicans on the House Appropriations Committee zeroed in on this safety rule in this appropriations bill and said we are not going to support it, that we are not going to fund it for this year. What is that going to do? Industry already supports most of these things. They don’t want to be on the hook for billions and billions of dollars. It is just, clearly, inexplicable to put our communities at risk again for another disaster like that. The Castor amendment eliminates this harmful provision, and it maintains the Department of the Interior’s critical safety standards to prevent offshore oil disasters. The Gulf Coast is still reeling from the disaster of 2010, and local economies across the country cannot afford another catastrophe like 
BP’s. I urge the adoption of the Castor amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member. Ms. MCCOLLUM. I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Chairman, investigations were conducted by industry experts, and they determined the actual causes of the catastrophe of the Deepwater. Many of the requirements of this rule are not new, and they already exist in industry standards. This rule has one goal for me, and that is to save lives. Eleven lives were lost in that explosion. We have learned from that event. It was a tragic event what happened with the Deepwater Horizon. We should do everything we can to put workers’ safety ahead of Big Oil’s profits. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, at various hearings throughout the year, Chairman CALVERT expressed concern that the administration was taking a page out of its ‘‘war on coal’’ playbook and applying it to oil production. The Department of the Interior has been attempting to make it as costly as possible to operate offshore so that companies will make the decision not to apply for a permit. They took that a step further last week with its Arctic regulations. In this instance, the Department set onerous requirements under the Well Control Rule that mandated that all wells should have the same thickness regardless of where you are drilling. Now, any engineer will tell you that these are sitespecific decisions that are based on many factors and that the thickness will vary, depending on where the well is drilled. Instead, the White House wants to lock in that decision from Washington, D.C. and ignore recommendations from technical experts. The result is an Obama administration de facto moratorium on oil production as part of the White House’s ‘‘keep it in the ground’’ strategy. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, if you support the tourism industry, if you support the jobs in the fishing industry, if you support just saving lives, and being able to prevent disasters like the BP Deepwater Horizon from ever happening again, it is important that you stand up for these very basic, industry supported safety standards. The well rule was developed after months and years of investigations and study with stakeholder help. The bottom line is we have to do everything we can to prevent this from ever happening again in order to protect our economy, to protect our jobs, to protect our natural environment; so I urge the adoption of the Castor amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 70, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 71, line 18. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am glad that my colleague from Florida brought up the Deepwater Horizon tragedy because it was 6 years ago this week, actually, after 87 terrible days of the worst oil spill in history, that the BP Deepwater Horizon’s wellhead was finally capped. The toll of that disaster, as everyone knows, was horrific—11 workers killed, untold economic damage to communities around the Gulf of Mexico, and, of course, devastating and ongoing impacts on fish and wildlife. This is a good time for us to reflect and to discuss the role of the Federal Government in reviewing the environmental impacts of oil and gas development, not just in the Gulf of Mexico, but in a place where the environmental damage could be even worse if and when something went wrong, say, in the Arctic Ocean. My amendment would strike section 127 of the underlying bill. Doing that would allow the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management to move forward with its proposed update of regulation on air quality control reporting and compliance. It would allow that proposed rule to serve its intended purpose, which is to bring decadesold rules on offshore air emissions into the 21st century. The BOEM, itself, is a new agency. It was born out of the response to the BP Deepwater Horizon spill, but it was also born out of an awareness that the old agency—the Minerals Management Service—was, frankly, too cozy with Big Oil, and that that is why that old agency never updated these old rules. These existing air pollution rules have been in place since 1988, and it is past time that we moved forward with new pollution standards, new modeling, and new technology. The proposed rule, in this case, seeks to address the emissions of several very harmful air pollutants, including volatile organic compounds, nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides, carbon monoxide, and particulate matter. The proposed rule does that with flexibility. Actually, in some cases, it reduces regulatory burdens by eliminating redundant reporting requirements and by allowing operators to use emissions credits. The residents of the Arctic and other oilproducing regions and the workers in the industry shouldn’t be subjected to additional air pollution from oil and gas development simply because of where they live and work. We should let these new rules go forward. If history teaches us anything, it teaches us that Big Oil cannot be trusted to do the right thing when it is left unregulated. I would hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle would agree that strong and consistent oversight is necessary. I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, the administration has started the process to promulgate new air quality regulations for offshore operations with the intention of finalizing them by year’s end; however, key studies are currently underway that will not be finished until sometime next year, in 2017. The administration wants to finalize these rules before these key studies are done. The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management has allocated nearly $4 million for the studies to determine if there are any impacts to a State’s air quality from offshore operations. Section 127 of this bill instructs the Department to wait until these studies are finalized and to restart only if the findings indicate there is a need for rulemaking. This is one of those cases in which we say let the science be the science, and let’s find out what the studies say before we make final decisions on this. There is a regulatory process which should be followed, and there is a scientific process that should be followed. That is coming from a Republican. The administration cannot circumvent one for the expediency of the other; so I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, it always warms my heart to hear my Republican colleagues embrace science. It is a beautiful thing. I wish it happened a lot more often. In this case, we have had 30 years of study. We know a lot. The administration has developed this rule to the 
point at which it believes it is ready. It is an important rule; it is long overdue; and it is time to move forward. I continue to request a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment and to let the process go through and the studies and to find out what the studies say. Let’s follow the science. I urge my colleagues to follow that and to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 72, line 11, after the aggregate dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $88,282,000)’’. Page 184, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $88,282,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, under the Obama administration, we have seen an explosion of new regulations that have impacted every area of our lives. From the way we heat our homes in the winter to the way that we choose our health care, this administration knows no bounds in its regulatory overreach. The EPA leads the way on this front. According to a report that was released by the American Action Forum, the EPA now imposes nearly 200 million hours of paperwork to comply with its regulations. This is the equivalent of 95,000 Americans working fulltime for a year. This represents an astonishing 23 percent increase from 2009 and a 34 percent increase since 2002 in the EPA’s paperwork burden. New regulations, such as the Clean Power Plan, waters of the United States, and the ozone rule, all contribute to this growing burden. Yet, this burden isn’t limited to just the act of doing paperwork. These regulations raise the price of energy, cost Missourians jobs, and hurt their bottom lines. The EPA uses the Air, Climate and Energy, ACE, program to advance research and regulations that are geared toward a climate change agenda. Regulations to address climate change are costing Americans billions with there being very little actual impact on global temperatures to show for it. The result of ACE research furthers regulations, which burden our Nation’s energy sector and communities across the country. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and cut the ACE program and leave us with one less program to advance the regulatory overreach of this administration’s and save taxpayer dollars. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1845 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. This amendment would eliminate the funding for the EPA Air, Climate, and Energy research program. I think we all know that the Clean Air Act has resulted in one of the most effective public health programs in American history by addressing air quality in the United States. What this amendment would do would be to set back any advances in new technology and new scientific tools that would help protect the American public from harmful exposure to air pollutants which, as we know, can damage our health, causing lung and heart disease, impact our immune, nervous, and reproductive systems, and shorten our lives. Millions of people in America live in counties that do not meet air quality standards for one or more pollutants, and new threats from climate change expand the air quality challenges confronting our society. The energy choices we make clearly influence air quality and climate change. Eliminating EPA funding to research and understand the impacts on air quality from alternative energy sources is, at a minimum, shortsighted. The bill already reduces the EPA by $164 million from the FY 2016 enacted level. I think we have already done enough damage in that particular reduction. For the health and welfare of our citizens, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I continue to urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MRS . LUMMIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ), I offer amendment No. 15. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 73, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $14,000,000)’’. Page 74, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,038,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, this amendment transfers approximately $10 million to the EPA’s Office of Inspector General from the $2.5 billion EPA environmental programs and management appropriations account. The amendment is necessary to support the EPA OIG’s work related to preventing waste, fraud, and abuse, and identifying inefficiencies and potential cost savings at the EPA. The EPA Office of Inspector General has faced significant funding challenges in recent years. Its fulltime employees dropped from 349 to 289, a decrease of almost onefifth of the office’s workforce. Despite significant resource challenges, the Office of Inspector General at EPA continued to conduct important investigations and audits that saved money for taxpayers and revealed misconduct and abuses at the agency. During FY14, EPA OIG reported $380 million in savings, which is a $7.35 return on investment for every dollar in the OIG budget. The EPA’s Office of Inspector General identified $4.1 million in savings during the most recent semiannual reporting period. The EPA OIG has also investigated gross misconduct and abuses at EPA that yielded savings for taxpayers. For instance, in 2013, the office conducted a criminal investigation into former EPA employee John Beale, who was found to have stolen government money and engaged in travel voucher fraud and time and attendance fraud. Beale committed these frauds by masquerading as an employee of the Central Intelligence Agency. Beale agreed to pay restitution of $890,000 to EPA and $500,000 to the Department of Justice. Beale was also sentenced to 32 months in prison. The EPA Office of Inspector General also investigated allegations of gross 
mismanagement at the Chemical Safety Board in 2012 and found hostility toward whistleblowers and a toxic, ineffective work environment undermined by the board’s chemical accident investigations. The EPA OIG’s investigation and pressure from Congress caused the President to remove the CSB chairman. I want you to know that as the subcommittee chairman on our committee, that we have looked at the EPA and we have taken the Inspector General’s reports and we have used them to make considerable changes that have increased morale, especially at the Chemical Safety Board; and that we have also saved taxpayer dollars because we have utilized the Office of Inspector General reports. They have shed light on a litany of other employee misconduct. This is a good investment of taxpayer dollars. This amendment ensures that EPA OIG will have the resources it needs to continue to conduct these essential investigations. So the amendment increases funding for the EPA OIG by $10,038,000. It decreases EPA environmental programs and management appropriations by $14 million. That is actually awash when you look at the out years. I strongly encourage adoption of the Chaffetz amendment to this legislation. Mr. Chairman, with gratitude for your time, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I just want to make a few points about this amendment. As my colleague has said, this would reduce the funds from EPA operations by $14 million and increase the Inspector General by $10 million. I think we would certainly agree that it would be a good idea to increase the funding for the Inspector General, and we would like to see the other side increase those funds. But we are uncomfortable with the idea of taking the funding from the operating account. This account has already been cut by $92 million, and it would reduce the operating account by $14 million, putting that money over there. This seems like too severe of a cut on top of what has already been done. We don’t disagree that the work of the Inspectors General across all agencies in Federal Government are necessary and very important and they do good work. So, once again, I just oppose the shift in funding. I think it would be great if the other side wanted to enhance the funding for the Office of Inspector General, just not through this mechanism. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 73, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $70,000,000)’’. Page 95, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $70,000,000)’’. Page 96, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $70,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer a commonsense amendment that redirects funds from EPA bureaucracy to the Forest Services’ hazardous fuels account in order to prevent dangerous wildfires. In 2015, over 10 million acres burned throughout the country, setting a new record. In that same year, fire season appropriations requests were approximately $4 billion for all wildfire programs. Shamefully, the President requested only $356 million of those funds go toward hazardous fuels reduction activities. Thinning overgrown forests and removing hazardous fuels creates jobs and increases overall forest health. Unfortunately, extremist selfinterest groups and Washington bureaucrats have failed to recognize this correlation. As a result, timber harvests are down 80 percent over the last 30 years. Such flawed thinking also negatively impacts education and local communities. Historically, 25 percent of the receipts from timber harvests by the Federal Government go toward schools and important infrastructure projects. The failure to prioritize hazardous fuels reduction activities is also bad for our environment, as sound data from NASA concludes that one catastrophic wildfire can emit more carbon emissions in a few days than total emissions in an entire State over the course of a year. As it currently stands, the Forest Service consistently raids its own treasury when firefighting costs exceed their estimated yearly allotment, taking money from programs that clear brush and remove dead trees. This represents yet another classic example of Washington’s misguided prioritization of Federal funds. The Forest Service’s own Fuel Treatment Effective Database reports that ‘‘over 90 percent of the fuel treatments were effective in changing fire behavior and/or helping with control of the wildfire.’’ Hazardous fuels reduction activities work. In eastern Arizona, areas that were treated in the ApacheSitgreaves National Forest as part of the White Mountain Stewardship Project help prevent further destruction from the catastrophic Wallow Fire. Today there are still healthy trees as firefighters were able to control previously thinned areas. On other lands that were untouched by thinning practices and managed by the Forest Service, all that is left behind is scorched earth and sterilized soil. It is of the utmost urgency that the Federal Government adopt a forward thinking, active management strategy that combats dangerous wildfires before they get started. My amendment helps accomplish that task by redirecting scarce resources to important hazardous fuels reduction activities. I am honored that this amendment is supported by the Americans for Limited Government, Public Lands Council, National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, Agribusiness & Water Council of Arizona, Lake Havasu Area Chamber of Commerce, New Mexico Wool Growers, New Mexico Federal Lands Council, Yavapai County Cattle Growers’ Association, Yuma County Chamber of Commerce, and countless other organizations and individuals in my home State of Arizona. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their good work on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I have to strongly oppose this amendment that would take even more money from the already starved EPA. The bill has already severely cut the Environmental Protection Agency’s main operating account by $92 million. This would cut it by another $70 million. And so far tonight, we have agreed to another $29 million through amendments. The very air we breathe and the water we drink are endangered by the funding and the policy decisions that are already made in this bill. Their consequences will be felt negatively in communities across this country. I know it is often an easy target for my colleagues across the aisle to cut the EPA, but I do want my colleagues to understand what this amendment would mean if this cut was adopted. The account funds programs that are important to both sides of the aisle, including permitting for construction projects across the country; toxics; risk prevention; part of the successful brownfields program; pesticides licensing, which, as we know, is a critical part of fighting the Zika crisis. In my opinion, this very large cut would be irresponsible, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I believe that the Forest Service needs to be more proactive in managing our national forests. The latest estimates show that there are nearly 66 million dead and dying trees in California right now. This sets the stage for what could be a disastrous fire seed. We simply must get ahead of this situation. This is why we provided significant increases for hazardous fuel and management programs in this bill, but certainly we would support any additional help. I would move to adopt this very important amendment. b1900 Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ). The gentleman from Arizona has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, while the bill does include nearly $2.9 billion for wildfire activities, which I am thankful for, most of these dollars are focused on suppression activities. As I stated previously, the 2015 fire season set a new record, burning more than 10 million acres throughout the country. It is easy to make that statement when it is not your home burning. Clearly, we must focus on proactive solutions for our Nation’s forests. The best way to do so is by providing the Forest Service hazardous fuel account with appropriate funding in order to prevent hazardous wildfires. My amendment accomplishes that task by redirecting scarce resources from the EPA’s bureaucracy. The EPA is far from being underfunded. As it stands, this bill currently funds the EPA at over $7.98 billion. This marginal loss to a rogue administration that continues to circumvent Congress in order to implement lawless regulations is better spent through my amendment and will dramatically increase the Forest Service’s ability to prevent dangerous wildfires. Again, I urge the support of my amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, I just want to reiterate again, this bill has already severely cut the EPA’s main operating account by $92 million. Already tonight, amendments have cut it another $29 million. This agency is fundamental. The protection that they do is critical. This account funds programs that are important to us on both sides of the aisle. No one disagrees that it is important to fund the disastrous wildfires that have taken over in our country, and we very much understand those challenges, but this amendment is irresponsible. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 73, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000)’’. Page 90, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman from California, Chairman CALVERT , for allowing me the opportunity to offer this important amendment. I rise today in support of my amendment. My amendment is simple. It removes $12 million from the EPA’s environmental programs and management account and places $10 million into the U.S. Forest Service’s forest and rangeland research account, which funds important scientific research through the Forest Inventory and Analysis Program and the Forest Products Laboratory. This will free up money from the Federal bureaucracy for use in onthe ground scientific research into forest health, wood products, biomass, and threatened species. To make sound forest management decisions, it is imperative to quantify the amount of standing timber, the harvest and usage rates, how much is lost to insects and disease infestation, how many trees are lost to wildfire, and how much net growth occurs in our forest. The Forest Inventory and Analysis Program does just that. The data is used to assess the quantity and quality of our forestlands, both public and private. It lets us know if we are gaining or losing forestland, and it tells us if we have a net loss or net gain in trees and tree volume. This data is critical to calculate how much carbon storage we have in our forest, and without this data, we cannot understand our total carbon balance. The Forest Service often finds itself on extended sampling periods, sometime as many as 6 or 7 years, leading to delayed analysis of our Nation’s forest landscape. This forces States to increase their matching contributions in order to have sound, timely scientific data for statewide forest management plans. FIA takes proactive, positive steps in the area of better forest management. FIA leads to scientific forest management practices that increase carbon storage and reduce the threat to wildfire. Additional funding to FIA will also give wood products and timber industries certainty in making business decisions. Forestry employs approximately 2.8 million people nationwide, and this is larger than the automotive industry. The forest and rangeland research account also funds the Forest Products Laboratory. The Forest Products Laboratory conducts significant scientific research into wood products, forest biomass, the use of wood in tall buildings and threats to various species, such as whitenose syndrome. This amendment is a winwin for a healthy environment and scientific research. Madam Chair, I again want to thank the gentleman from California, Chairman CALVERT , for the opportunity to offer this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WESTERMAN. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. I just want to make a point. I appreciate the gentleman’s interest in forestry issues and his support for changing the way we budget for catastrophic wildland fires. An increase in the Forest Service’s research capability will help address our forest management issues. I support the amendment, and I certainly urge its adoption. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, again, I must oppose this amendment because it continues to take more money from the alreadystarved EPA. The EPA’s main operating account was cut by $92 million in the bill. With the last amendment that just passed, we have cut another $99 million tonight from the EPA account. We are not arguing that funding for forest and rangeland research is a poor purpose, but it was fully funded in the budget, and it is starting to feel a little bit like we are just seeing amendment after amendment that is a way to starve the EPA. The EPA is a critical agency. The very air that we breathe, the water that we drink are endangered by the funding and policy decisions that are being made in this bill. The consequences will be felt negatively in communities across the country. I just cannot support taking money from an underfunded agency and putting it into a program that is already receiving an increase in this bill, so I oppose the amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, healthy forests are critical to clean air, clean water, better wildlife habitat, better recreation opportunities, and more biodiversity. This amendment will promote healthy forests, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, we certainly support healthy forests. I represent the State of Maine, where we have a tremendous amount of forests and many people who work in the forest products industry, so we respect the value of this research. But it was fully funded in the budget, and this is just another cut to the EPA and will take away from the work that they are able to do to protect our clean air and clean water. I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 73, line 17, insert ‘‘, consistent with Executive Order 12898,’’ after ‘‘implementation’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Chair, power companies are closing coalfired power plants as we move toward cleaner, more sustainable ways to generate electricity. A material known as coal ash is a byproduct of this industry. Coal ash contains carcinogens, known carcinogens, such as arsenic, lead, and mercury. The EPA is now regulating coal ash with its final rule on the disposal of coal combustion residuals from electric utilities. Many of the neighborhoods already exposed to dangerous levels of coal ash are in predominantly lowincome and minority communities. The problem of lowincome and minority communities being disproportionately exposed to chemicals, hazardous waste, and toxic materials is neither new nor confined to one area of the country. More than 134 million Americans—their homes, schools, businesses, parks, and places of worship— are in harm’s way from dangerous exposure to coal ash. A 2014 study found that residents in vulnerable zones are disproportionately African American or Latino, have higher rates of poverty than the U.S. as a whole, and have lower housing values, incomes, and education levels. The poverty rate in these zones is 50 percent higher than the national average. The percentage of Blacks is 75 percent greater than for the U.S. as a whole, while the percentage of Latinos is 60 percent greater. This means that almost half of the people more likely to suffer from exposure are Black or Latino. But make no mistake, Madam Chair, coal ash poisoning is not racially discriminatory. Rural White communities throughout north Georgia, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Oklahoma are suffering from exposure to coal ash dumping, leaking coal ash ponds, and coal ash dust from coal ash transport. We cannot allow people across the country to fall between the regulatory cracks simply because they live in a certain neighborhood or have certain income levels. This amendment requires implementation of the EPA’s coal ash rule to be consistent with Executive Order No. 12898. That executive order’s purpose was to focus Federal attention on the environmental and public health effects that Federal regulations have on minority and lowincome communities. More coal ash is expected to be dumped in the State of Georgia. In Jesup, Georgia, a landfill has agreed to accept over 10,000 tons of coal ash per day. Duke Energy is moving their coal ash from North Carolina to a landfill in Banks County, Georgia. Elsewhere within Georgia, communities have been exposed to contaminated drinking water by existing coal ash facilities. Last month, arsenic, beryllium, and selenium were found in the groundwater of various coal ash sites in the State. As we saw in Flint, we need to act at the Federal level before our failure to do so results in irreversible damage to the health and to the environment of the communities we represent. American families, regardless of income level, should not be unfairly and unreasonably exposed to toxic chemicals. I ask for support for my amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, because the gentleman’s amendment restates current law and nothing more, I am more than willing to accept the amendment. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank the gentleman. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. ESTY. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 74, line 25, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 76, line 18, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 83, line 6, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY. Madam Chair, my amendment would increase funding by $10 million to match the President’s budget request for the State and Tribal Assistance Grants to clean up and revitalize brownfields. Too many cities and towns across America with proud manufacturing legacies are now struggling with vacant brownfield properties. As our country transitioned away from manufacturing, plants and mills began to close, leaving too many communities to deal with these industrial sites on their own. These former industrial sites have come to be known as brownfields, land where the presence or potential presence of contamination prevents expansion, redevelopment, or reuse of the land. Brownfield sites aren’t limited to abandoned factories or buildings. They can also be former dry cleaning establishments or gas stations that are no longer in use. Every single congressional district in our Nation has at least one brownfield site, and some, in fact, have hundreds. In April, I was in Torrington, Connecticut, a former mill town in my district where, like many communities in the Naugatuck River Valley, there are brownfields scattered throughout the city. I met with Mayor Carbone and other city and local officials to learn about plans to clean up and repurpose two industrial sites, which would create jobs and revitalize the downtown area. b1915 The plan to revitalize downtown Torrington was made possible by funding provided through the EPA’s brownfields grant program. However, to implement Torrington’s transformative plan, we need additional funding in the brownfields program. I think it is important to note that addressing brownfields is not simply an issue for our cities. Expanding funding for brownfields helps not only our cities, but also our suburbs and agricultural communities. Cleaning up and putting brownfields back into economic use in our cities helps preserve open space and surrounding communities by taking pressure off of demand for virgin or undeveloped land. Additionally, taxpayer dollars go a long way in the brownfields program. For every dollar expended by the EPA’s brownfields program, it leverages, on average, approximately $18 in additional public and private investment and, in many cases, property values have more than doubled when communities were given the resources necessary to repurpose brownfield sites. 
According to a 2007 study, approximately 10 jobs are created for every acre of brownfields redevelopment, and with over 400,000 brownfields sites across the country, the work needed to clean up these sites is far from complete. So let’s do our job as elected officials by empowering our constituents with additional funding to clean up contaminated properties, attract new businesses, create jobs, safeguard public health, and revitalize our downtowns. I encourage all of my colleagues to support the Esty amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I certainly understand the value of EPA’s brownfields program. It is highly leveraged and promotes economic development in communities by cleaning up lightly contaminated properties and returning them to beneficial use. These are good things, no doubt about it. That is why the FY 2017 Interior bill continues to provide the brownfields program with $80 million. That is equal to the enacted level. With limited resources, we need to be strategic about where we provide increases. The FY 2017 bill increases funding to clean up most toxic contaminated Superfund sites across the Nation. We will debate some Democratic amendments that seek to increase the Superfund account beyond what we have done in the bill in order to match the President’s request. Certainly, no one wants to live next to a Superfund site. We have more than 1,300 sites on the Superfund list. These sites contain led, arsenic, cadmium, PCBs, and other highly toxic chemicals. We need to make progress on these 1,300 sites. So, I must oppose the proposed cut to the Superfund and strongly urge my colleagues to do the same. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Madam Chair, again, with all due respect, I think, as my colleague has noted, these dollars make an enormous impact, and I would respectfully request and urge my colleagues to support the Esty amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 76, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. Page 84, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. Page 184, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chair, I commend the gentleman from California for his and his colleagues’ work on this bill. Madam Chair, my amendment would eliminate funding for the Diesel Emissions Reduction Act grant program, saving taxpayers $100 million. Funds from this program have gone to a number of questionable items, including $750,000 for cherry pickers in Utah, $1 million for electrified parking spaces at a truck stop in Delaware, and $1.2 for a new engine and generators for a 1950s locomotive in Pennsylvania. This program was intended to be a shortterm effort to assist States and local governments in meeting diesel emissions standards, but has joined a long list of temporary government programs for which there is no end in sight. As Ronald Reagan famously said that, ‘‘The nearest thing to eternal life we will ever see on this Earth is a government program.’’ One of the things I have learned as a freshman Member of Congress is that we have an office tasked with holding Federal agencies accountable and reporting on their programs. That office is the Government Accountability Office. One of the things that has surprised me is how rarely we act on their recommendations. I hope that won’t be the case with this program. The GAO has noted that funding to reduce diesel emissions is fragmented across 14 programs at the Department of Energy, the Department of Transportation, and the Environmental Protection Agency. Surely we can make do with one less. The $100 million provided in this bill represents an increase of 100 percent compared to last year’s bill and an increase of 100 percent compared to the omnibus bill passed in December. With a national debt exceeding $19 trillion, and growing every day, we cannot afford to double the budget of a program that clearly duplicates, at least in part, 13 other programs, and has a marginal impact at best. The program was originally authorized in the Energy Policy Act of 2005, and was reauthorized for 5 years in 2010. This authorization expired in fiscal year 2016, making any appropriation an unauthorized one. Congress should not provide $100 million for a wasteful and unauthorized program, and I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, Ronald Reagan was mentioned in discussing the gentleman’s amendment. Ronald Reagan signed into law CalEPA in the State of California. He also signed into law the first air quality district to regulate air in the United States, the South Coast Air Quality Management District, in the State of California, which was authored by a former colleague of ours named Jerry Lewis. Clean air is not a political or partisan issue. Certainly, in my area, which has some of the dirtiest air in the United States, we have done a lot to clean up air in our area in California. We have included a great number of policy provisions to address EPA’s regulatory overreach, which I agree with, in this bill. And we have cut the EPA’s budget dramatically, which I am in favor of doing. However, I believe that this specific amendment targets a program that is yielding great benefits. When you have a program that is actually working, we ought to keep it. Many counties across the Nation are currently not in containment with EPA’s existing standards for particulate matter and ozone. In many instances, these counties have been in noncontainment for years, and those communities need help to improve their air quality. The Diesel Emission Reduction Act grant program, DERA, is a proven, costeffective program that provides grants to States to retrofit old diesel engines. So it is a program that supports manufacturing jobs, while also reducing pollution significantly. Another benefit is these grants are highly leveraged, producing $13 of economic benefit for every Federal dollar that is invested in this program. Today, newer engines produce 90 percent less toxic emissions than the older diesel engines. However, only 30 percent of trucks and heavyduty vehicles transition to these cleaner technologies. We need to follow the science and accelerate the replacement of old engines with newer, cleaner engines. From fiscal year 2009 to fiscal year 2013, DERA grant funding has replaced or retooled almost 59,000 engines in vehicles, trucks, trains, and other equipment. Again, DERA is an effective, proven program that is delivering results. I strongly urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentleman’s amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s concerns. 
Over the last 30 years or so, the air quality in the United States has improved dramatically, despite the fact that we have seen huge increases in vehicle miles traveled, a 30something percent increase in our GDP, and a 30 something percent increase in population. Yet, we have seen dramatic improvement in air quality, and I appreciate the fact that government programs have had a part to play in that. In regard to the savings, the EPA has said that for every dollar we spend, we will get $14 in benefits. I would also like to point out that they also say that the Clean Power Plan will help the economy and that EPA regulations haven’t lost jobs. I think the EPA estimates on savings are a little suspect. The program was funded at $30 million in FY 2015 and $50 million in 2016. Now we are considering a bill to increase it to $100 million in 2017. We cannot afford to continue spending without limits and pretend as if there are no consequences. Keep in mind that there are 14 programs. Surely, we can consolidate these into one effective program. I also think it is important to note that this was supposed to expire after the first authorization. It was reauthorized for 4 more years. And that expires this year, making any appropriation for FY 2017 another wasteful, unauthorized program. The Republican Study Committee budget recommended elimination and noted that the grants have gone to a number of wasteful programs. Madam Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I want to point out that DERA is not a regulatory program. The power plant rule that was mentioned earlier is a regulatory program. What DERA does is replace old technology with the new technology that is up to 90 percent cleaner than the old trucks, old diesel engines that we are presently using. This is working. I am not in favor of programs and continuous studies and other oppressive methods by EPA that don’t produce clean air. This does. It was mentioned that our air is getting cleaner. It is getting cleaner because of programs like DERA that actually work. It is measurable in the South Coast Air Quality Management District and other areas throughout the United States. They have been able to take these dirty, old trucks off the road. You have all seen them. You have been on the freeway and you see an old diesel truck that is putting out more emissions than virtually everything else around them. You take that truck off the road and it has immediate results. So let’s not get rid of something that works. Let’s work against these regulatory programs that oppress the economy and don’t have any results. I might point out, too, the administration has been opposed to DERA. Most of the environmental folks have been opposed because they don’t want any carbon in the economy. So they don’t want us to clean up diesel because they want to have electric vehicles or zero emission vehicles, which do not have the horsepower or the ability to deliver the goods that we need to have in this Nation. So, I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. May I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 1 minute remaining. Mr. PALMER. In regard to the EPA, the gentleman from California cited an EPA finding on the benefits and my response to that—that it is not a regulatory program—but that is beside the fact. What it is, is a duplication of other programs. It is unauthorized and it is wasteful. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I might point out that the FBI is not authorized at the present time. We continue to fund it. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 76, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. b1930 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, last August, the Environmental Protection Agency was responsible for the blowout at the Gold King Mine in Colorado that spilled 3 million gallons of wastewater, impacting New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, Arizona, and the Navajo Nation. I was in Farmington, New Mexico, when the toxic plume turned the Animas River yellow. I met with the community and heard their concerns about the toll that the spill was taking on businesses, farmers, families, and individuals. Madam Chair, we are almost 1 year removed from the spill, and in communities that have been impacted, there remains serious concerns about the longterm effects that the spill will have on the river and all that its water sustains, from drinking water to farming and livestock. Longterm water quality monitoring is essential to ensure that communities along the Animas River have the data they need to protect the health of all those who rely on this water. Unfortunately, the State of New Mexico and the EPA have been unable to agree on what the longterm monitoring should look like. As a result, the State has moved ahead with a lawsuit against the EPA. Madam Chair, it is disappointing that it has come to this point of legal action. My amendment today seeks to address this issue by providing $6 million to direct the EPA to work with affected States and Indian Tribes to implement longterm monitoring programs for water quality on the Animas and San Juan Rivers in response to the Gold King Mine spill. The State of New Mexico has worked with stakeholders to develop a robust monitoring plan that I believe can serve as a basis for a truly comprehensive effort. Monitoring now and well into the future is necessary to protect the health of all those who rely on this water, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s remarks. It is important that EPA right the wrong that caused the Gold King Mine spill, and ensure that the affected States and Tribes have the resources they need following the spill. The FY17 bill includes language instructing the EPA to continue to operate a temporary water treatment plant to treat contaminated flows in the area until a more permanent water treatment solution is developed. And the FY16 omnibus instructed EPA to work with the States and tribes on an independent water monitoring plan. At this time I must respectfully oppose the gentleman’s amendment, but I would also ask the gentleman to work with me as the committee continues to monitor the implementation and what the EPA is continuing to do. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, I appreciate the leadership of the chairman. He has been very 
gracious, he and his staff, with several amendments that are important to New Mexico during this debate as well. What has happened now is the temporary facility has been located in the State of Colorado as well, where this has taken place, where this blowout took place; but we are still seeing remnants of heavy metals all the way down to that contamination plume, and it just hasn’t been enough. I will read something that our Attorney General from the State of New Mexico recently said. ‘‘The release of hazardous substances into waters that are the lifeblood of our economy and culture in New Mexico has had a devastating impact on our historical rural, agricultural and tribal communities . . . It is inappropriate for the EPA to impose weak testing standards in New Mexico and I am demanding the highest testing standards that the EPA would impose in any other state in the nation to protect the health and wellbeing of our citizens. Additionally, remediation and compensation dollars have been far too minimal for these very special agricultural and cultural communities who depend on this precious water source for irrigation and drinking water. They must be properly compensated and there must be appropriate independent monitoring to prevent future dangers to public health and the economy.’’ Attorney General Hector Balderas. Mr. CALVERT , I really want to be able to get a vote on this one. I understand the opposition here, but I really want to force this point home to the EPA and the administration, that what has been put on the table, which is $2 million, is simply not enough to help us in New Mexico. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Again, I appreciate what the gentleman is up to. I wouldn’t expect you not to have a vote if you choose to have a vote. Just know that we are working on this, and we will continue to work on this. We will continue to work with your office, but at this point I have to reluctantly oppose the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAY LUJA´N). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 106, strike lines 8 through 22. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The gentlewoman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, my amendment strikes language in the bill that would exempt a number of potentially damaging activities in our national forests from full consideration under the National Environmental Policy Act. Simply put, this sort of language has no place in an appropriations bill. Our national forests are a true public legacy that sustains both our environment and our economy. They provide clean air, clean water, precious wildlife habitat, and they support approximately 450,000 jobs throughout the country. We should all be coming together to ensure that our forests are healthy and that future generations will be able to enjoy them. Yet, the language that my amendment proposes to strike could allow many types of damaging activities to occur in our national forests without a full review under the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, as we call it. NEPA has a simple premise; you look before you leap. This landmark law gives the public an opportunity to review and comment on actions proposed by the government, adding unique perspectives to the evaluation process that highly specialized, missiondriven agencies might otherwise ignore. The underlying legislation proposes to make six different activities in our national forests eligible for a categorical exclusion under NEPA, which means a full review would not be conducted and the public would not have the right to be heard. While some of these activities may be appropriate to consider for a categorical exclusion, they should be evaluated on a casebycase basis and should not automatically be eligible for categorical exclusion, as this legislation proposes. As the Council on Environmental Quality has stated: ‘‘Categorical exclusions are appropriate in many circumstances but should not be relied on if they thwart the purposes of NEPA, compromising the quality and transparency of agency decisionmaking or the opportunity for meaningful public participation.’’ I couldn’t agree with them more. CEQ was right, and that is exactly what this bill proposes to do. As an example, the underlying bill proposes to exclude all activities related to reducing hazardous fuel loads from a full NEPA review. This makes little sense. If a hazardous fuel load reduction is not done properly, it could destroy an entire forest. This is exactly the sort of activity that should have a thorough and comprehensive NEPA review. I hope my colleagues will join me in standing up for public participation in government decisionmaking by supporting this amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, I must say, as I rise in opposition to this amendment, that I serve on the Natural Resources Committee with the gentlewoman from Michigan, and I know that we hold a common idea to be good stewards of our resources. We just happen to have a difference of opinion on the best way to do that on this issue, so I must rise in opposition to her amendment. Our Nation’s forests are in dire health, and Congress must provide the Forest Service additional tools to allow more management of our national forest system. This amendment would needlessly deny the Forest Service an opportunity to more quickly address a forest system that is overgrown and prone to wildfire, disease, and insect infestation. Last summer I was proud to sponsor H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forest Act, which passed the House with a strong bipartisan majority. This bill included several provisions to allow the Forest Service to engage in urgently needed restoration in a more timely fashion. These are forest stands that are already being destroyed by natural occurrences; and in order to restore those forest habitats, we have to act in an urgent and a timely manner. One specific provision would allow the Forest Service to treat up to 3,000 acres of land at a time under a categorical exclusion from NEPA within limited circumstances. Some of these circumstances include treating a forest infected by invasive species, if a forest has been affected by a natural disaster such as a hurricane or tornado, or if work is needed to protect a municipal water source. This provision was based on a carefully crafted provision in the 2014 farm bill that the Forest Service has used successfully to reduce the threat of catastrophic wildfire in our rural communities. I am pleased that Chairman CALVERT chose to include this provision in the fiscal year 2017 Interior Appropriations bill. The Natural Resources Committee has heard testimony from stakeholders 
across the country about the dire need to better manage our forests. We have heard from the Forest Service that nearly 60 million acres of land are in need of some form of treatment. While we wait for the Senate to act on wildfire legislation, we must continue to seek opportunities to help reduce the threat of wildfire to communities across the country. This amendment would strip this important provision from the appropriations bill. We should be doing more to shorten the timeframe for the Forest Service to engage in restoration work. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I want to quickly respond to the comments made by my dear friend. We are good friends, and we all do need to work together to protect our great lands in this country, but I would respectfully disagree. I have nothing but the utmost respect for both of my Republican colleagues that I hate disagreeing with, and we agree on the same goal, but I respectfully disagree on your disagreeing on my amendment. Some of these activities may be appropriate for a categorical exclusion, but that should be decided by the agency on a casebycase basis, not be dictated by Congress, which you tell us many times, in an appropriations bill. Make no mistake, mandating the use of categorical exclusions, like this bill proposes, is simply a ruse to make an end run around NEPA and the public process that is so important to it. We often hear that NEPA is a scapegoat for projects being delayed, and I would not want that to be the case; but GAO and others have found that outside issues, including the complexity of the project, local opposition and, most importantly, funding issues, are almost always the cause of the delays. We shouldn’t be limiting public comments and involvement in government decisions, but, instead, should be enhancing them. This bill does the opposite, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I just want to make a point. At this time there are about 66 million dead and dying trees in my State. It is estimated that over the next few years, we could lose up to 120 million trees. That is 20 percent of the entire State of California’s total. The trees are dying from drought, severe insect and disease infestation, which only intensifies the potential for disastrous and potentially catastrophic fires. Unfortunately, we have already seen the loss of life and property from the fastmoving wildfires this year, just most recently, right in the Majority Leader’s Congressional District, where people, unfortunately, lost their lives. I have worked with the senior Senator from California on this. We have used this to the benefit of our State, and other States have used it to the benefit of theirs. This provision is truly limited in nature. b1945 It can only be used on small acreages about 3,000 acres or less. Madam Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan will be postponed. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairwoman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) for the purpose of colloquy. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Chair, Federal land management agencies are biting off more than they can chew. Not only are these agencies tasked with managing onethird of the entire landmass in the United States of America, but they are also asked to provide law enforcement and police support to some 660 million acres on the Federal estate. Land management agencies should not be in the business of policing. Currently, the Nation’s largest land management agency, the Bureau of Land Management, has just one office—one person—per 1 million acres of Federal land. This is an inadequate system that does not serve the public, Federal lands, or local communities very well. Local county sheriffs, on the other hand, and local law enforcement deputies are in a better position to police lands within their county. These individuals are known by members of their community. They are trusted, they are better equipped, and there are more of them. Already local law enforcement agencies contract with the Federal Government to carry out the very same law enforcement functions that Federal agencies require. We need to expand this concept and take actions to limit the role of land management agency law enforcement officials. Madam Chair, I believe we must work to transfer authorities and, ultimately, funding to those local jurisdictions and sheriffs. There will come a time when the Appropriations Committee will play a key role in executing this strategy. I request that the chairman work with Chairman ROBBISHOP of the Committee on Natural Resources, me, and other Members to accomplish this important policy change. Mr. CALVERT. Reclaiming my time, I am pleased the gentleman has raised this issue. It is important to work together to ensure law enforcement arrangements are best suited to the populations they serve. I appreciate the gentleman’s dedication to this issue, and I look forward to working together to assess the role of law enforcement. Madam Chairwoman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 23 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 24 printed in House Report 114–683. AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, and I ask that it be considered. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, this amendment is very simple. It strikes section 425 of H.R. 5538. Section 425 would prohibit the EPA from updating the definition of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ under the Clean Water Act. These definitions underlie section 404 of the Clean Water Act, which governs dredge and fill permitting, one of the act’s most important components. Put more simply, section 425 would continue giving real legal cover to mountaintop mining companies to dump mining waste into valley streams. As such, section 425 is an attack on the Clean Water Act. Now, mountaintop mining for coal produces a lot of unusable excess material, known as overburden. The cheapest and easiest way for industry to dispose of overburden is to bulldoze it into valleys and waterways surrounding these decapitated mountains. This had been illegal because the Clean Water Act categorized overburden as waste, which cannot be disposed of in that manner. However, in a 2002 giveaway to the mountaintop mining industry, the George W. Bush administration reclassified overburden as fill. This cleared the path for it to be dumped in mountain valleys once teeming with life. As if mining overburden were not enough, the definition of fill was expanded to also include material such as wood chips, construction debris, and plastic. As a result, every year, 120 miles of headwater streams are buried in mining debris. These socalled valley fills can be more than 1 mile long, each, and hundreds of feet deep. 
This overburden doesn’t just take up space; it is also an environmental hazard. Mining debris can contain chemicals and toxins that pose health risks to humans and ecosystems alike. For example, studies have found substantially higher levels of selenium, a mineral that is toxic to fish in high doses, in rivers near mountaintop mine sites. These hazardous substances also pose real dangers to the downstream users of the water. Overburden dumping and the mining that causes it produce soil erosion and waterway siltation. A 2008 EPA study found that 90 percent of the streams downstream of surface mining had impaired aquatic life. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimates that the loss of forest and aquatic habitat to mountaintop mining affects almost 250 species, including several listed species. This practice also destroys an archetypal American landscape, one which gave rise to a unique culture which has shaped generations of Appalachian residents and which has left its imprint on the broader American culture. Allowing mountaintop mining operations to continue dumping their waste into our Nation’s streams and rivers is both dangerous and irresponsible. I urge my colleagues to join me in putting an end to it. Allow EPA to do their work and protect the environment and the public’s health. Support my amendment striking section 425. Madam Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairman, the language in section 425 simply maintains the status quo regarding the definition of fill material for purposes of the Clean Water Act. The existing definition was put in place through a rulemaking initiated by the Clinton administration and finalized by the Bush administration. That rule harmonized the definition on the books of the Corps and EPA so both agencies were working within the same definition. Any attempts to redefine this important definition could significantly negatively impact the ability of all earthmoving industries—road and highway construction and private and commercial enterprise—to obtain vital CWA section 404 permits. Changing the definition of fill material could result in the loss of up to 375,000 highpaying mining jobs and jeopardize over 1 million jobs that are dependent upon the economic output generated by these operations. For these reasons, I support the underlying language and oppose the amendment. Madam Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chairwoman, the gentleman’s points are well taken that the status quo is preserved, and that is the problem. Section 425 would prohibit any change in the status quo and would prohibit the EPA from updating the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ under the Clean Water Act, thereby hamstringing the EPA from making any kind of sensible updating of those terms. Any attempt at this point to enumerate the number of jobs that could be lost in some as yet undefined change of those terms simply lacks credibility at this point. There is no point in hamstringing the EPA in this fashion by refusing to allow any further clarification of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material.’’ Madam Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairwoman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Madam Chairman, I do also rise in opposition to this amendment. As a Member representing southern West Virginia, I know firsthand the effect a rewrite of the fill material regulations would have on coal mining operations. What this amendment would do would freeze operations and lead to even further layoffs on top of the more than 10,000 jobs we have lost in just the last 5 years. As the chairman referenced, in last year’s omnibus, Congress included— Congress included—similar legislation preventing the EPA and the Corps of Engineers from changing the definition of fill material. Unfortunately, redefining fill material would harm both existing and future operations in the coal mining business, resulting in the loss of thousands of good jobs. Congress should include this provision to prohibit the EPA from changing the definition of fill material, and I urge opposition. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Michigan. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would strike section 427 from the underlying bill. My amendment would preserve the Army Corps of Engineers’ and the Environmental Protection Agency’s final rule that revises regulations and defines the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. More than 1 million public comments were submitted during this process, a majority of which support the waters of the United States rule. In issuing the final rule, the agencies’ intention was to clarify questions of the Clean Water Act’s jurisdiction, consistent with the agencies’ scientific and technical expertise. One in three Americans rely on public drinking water systems not previously protected by the Clean Water Act. This rule changes that. The water crisis in Flint, Michigan, and the crumbling drinking water infrastructure in neighborhoods and communities around the country reinforces the need to protect our streams, ponds, and wetlands. These challenges impact millions of lives and disproportionately affect poor and minority communities. Our country faces a very difficult choice. We can either overlook the challenges facing our existing water infrastructure and the millions of lives it affects and the billions of dollars that it costs us, or we can all work together to find solutions that ensure that all Americans have access to safe, clean, and affordable drinking water. The waters of the United States rule is a commonsense reform designed to secure our water sources, while guaranteeing protections to millions of Americans. b2000 This rule represents a commitment to protecting and restoring the national water resources that are vital for our health, environment, and economy. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), I offer amendment No. 27. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment would strike section 429, which delays implementation of the EPA’s lead renovation, repair, and painting rule. According to the Centers for Disease Control, at least 4 million households have children who are exposed to high levels of lead. This includes 535,000 children younger than the age of 5. The problem is particularly prevalent in lowincome communities. Yet, even as lead poisoning is a front page news story, the majority ignores another threat from lead and paint. There is no safe blood level of lead for children. That is why it is so imperative that we do everything we can to help families avoid lead poisoning. The Environmental Protection Agency has proposed reasonable requirements for workers to train and follow leadsafe work practices. It is important to mention that the rule does not apply to doityourselfers or those making improvements to newer homes. Opponents argue that when EPA first proposed the rule back in 2008, the rule offered a training exemption for those contractors who used an EPAapproved test kit that meets specific criteria. There are now three EPA recognized test kits available on the market. In light of the tragedy in Flint, Michigan, it is unfathomable that this bill would actively strip one of EPA’s tools for addressing lead paint in homes. If we do not remove this harmful rider, we are choosing to endanger the health of our children. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, the Lowey amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, let me be clear, the language in the bill does not block EPA’s implementation of the rule. To date, EPA has not yet approved a test kit that meets the false positive and false negative standards. It is yet another example of EPA finalizing a rule with unattainable standards. Therefore, the FY17 bill prompts the EPA to finish what it intended to do 7 years ago—approve a lead test kit as an alternative to costly thirdparty lab testing so as to prevent delays and reduce the cost of inhome renovations. Otherwise, EPA should solicit formal public comment on alternatives. The language in the bill prevents EPA from collecting fines for paperwork and recordkeeping violations until EPA solicits public comments on alternatives. It is straightforward, commonsense language. As such, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, may I ask the Chair how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I thank my distinguished friend from Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I rise in very strong support of the Lowey amendment. This amendment would strike a provision of the bill that waives part of the EPA’s lead renovation, repair, and painting rule. Mr. Chairman, after Flint, we have become more aware of the growing need to protect our communities from the devastating impacts of lead exposure. According to the CDC, at least 4 million households have children who are exposed to high levels of lead, especially in lowincome communities. EPA’s rule has been in effect since 2008, so why now, 8 years later, is the majority trying to undermine these protections? Why now? Why after Flint? Mr. Chairman, lead paint is still present in millions of homes. Now is not the time, it is absolutely the wrong time, to give industry a pass at the expense of America’s children. I urge adoption of the amendment to protect the health and wellbeing of the American people. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from New York for those important words. Either we protect our children from lead paint or we don’t. Mr. Chairman, I don’t think anybody here would want to live in a home or send their children to a school that was renovated by a company that recklessly did not have leadsafe training. We owe it to our children and grandchildren to take every step possible to prevent harmful lead exposure. Vote for my amendment, vote for the Lowey amendment, to improve this bill and help ensure that fewer children will suffer lead poisoning. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, again, we are talking about an agency that can’t even get a test right after 7 years. Until they do that, it is yet another example of EPA finalizing a rule with unattainable standards. I oppose this amendment, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . BECERRA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment strikes section 430 from the underlying bill. Section 430 blocks efforts by the Environmental Protection Agency to ensure that industries which handle hazardous substances set aside sufficient funds, in the form of bonds or insurance, to clean up toxic spills or releases that are attributable to their hazardous activities. Under current law, the EPA is required to set financial responsibility requirements for industries at high risk of polluting the environment to the point of creating these toxic Superfund sites. Congress required the EPA to establish financial responsibility requirements to ensure that taxpayers do not have to pay for the cost of cleaning up contaminated sites. Communities across America experience firsthand what it is like to live and breathe through the contamination of a serial polluter. Right now, thousands of people in my hometown of Los Angeles are living through this very nightmare. After nearly 30 years of operating a lead recycling battery plant, Exide Technologies in the Los Angeles area shut its operations down after contaminating some 10,000 thousand homes with lead—let me repeat that—10,000 homes with lead in the Los Angeles area. It has been more than a year since Exide shut down this plant and we still don’t know who will foot the bill for cleaning those nearly 10,000 homes with each home carrying up to a $40,000 price tag to get cleaned up. A $40,000 price tag, 10,000 homes—do the math— $400 million. And that $400 million only deals with the cleanup, it doesn’t deal with the health effects that those 10,000plus people will have to deal with for their children and for themselves having suffered from the contamination of lead in and around their property. Mr. Chairman, section 430 lets polluters off the hook and leaves the American taxpayer on the hook for cleaning up their messes. I don’t believe the American people intend for American taxpayers to have to take on the cost of cleaning up someone else’s pollution. That is why I have introduced this amendment to strike section 430 from 
the bill, so that polluters, not American taxpayers, take the responsibility for cleaning up their mess. I urge passage of my amendment to ensure that polluters, not taxpayers, clean up their pollution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, unfortunately, EPA is under a court order to propose a rule by December 2016, according to a suit brought by the environmentalists, to compel EPA to move forward with more regulation on a schedule they dictate. BLM, the Forest Service, and the States already impose financial assurance regulations. Therefore, any EPA regulations proposed would be duplicative. The Western Governors’ Association, along with others, have indicated a willingness to work together to ensure that there aren’t gaps in the existing regulatory framework so such requirements remain protective. Therefore, there already is a process in place, and language that has been included in the bill, to alleviate the need for EPA to expend taxpayer resources to develop yet another set of duplicative rules. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, section 430 in this bill provides a blanket prohibition of the EPA having the opportunity to make sure that financial responsibility requirements are imposed on polluters. There may be some provisions in this bill to try to deal with some of these aspects of pollution, but there is nothing that would require the polluter to show financial responsibility if we don’t get rid of section 430. Therefore, in this bill, we would essentially be making lawful polluters polluting communities and not having to take responsibility for cleaning them up. I don’t believe the American people, and certainly not American taxpayers, are expecting Congress to be passing bills that put the burden on taxpayers to clean up someone else’s pollution. Beyond the cost of the pollution is the cost to our families. Children who are infected by lead contamination could suffer a permanent effect. I think that we want to make sure we are providing our children and our families with every bit of safety they expect, especially when they had no responsibility for the contamination of the pollution that exists in their neighborhoods. I urge my colleagues to consider this amendment which simply would strike this provision so that EPA can do the work that we expect it to do, and that is to preserve the safety and health of our communities by making sure if you are going to have a business that pollutes, that you be responsible for cleaning it up. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I encourage opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Chair, if a business pollutes, then it is the responsibility of that business, not the taxpayer, to pay for the cleanup. It is that simple and it is morally right and fair. I represent Vernon, California, where a lead acid battery recycling plant, for years, blanketed families in and around Vernon with lead, arsenic, and other toxins. The plant eventually closed but tragically, its environmental damage remains, leaving an estimated 10,000 contaminated homes. Because there are no clear requirements for financial responsibility, the response to the lead contamination in my district was delayed, and after more than a year, it still has not been resolved. Families living in these areas continue to live in fear for their children while others struggle to care for children who, as a result of this contamination, are suffering from learning disabilities, cancer and other health related issues. To allow section 430 to prohibit the EPA from issuing financial responsibility requirements for businesses that handle hazardous substances which can pollute our communities across the country is madness, Mr. Speaker. We must pass this amendment to ensure that polluters who cheat the system pay the bill, not the American taxpayer. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No 29 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), I offer amendment No. 29. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 150, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 151, line 2. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, everyone who doesn’t deny the science understands that climate change is real and dangerous. Uncontrolled carbon pollution is going into the atmosphere, trapping more heat, and warming the planet. Americans are experiencing the results in every part of this country. From more devastating fires in the West, including San Diego, to flooding in West Virginia, to coastal erosion in superstorms along the east coast, we are experiencing climate change today and it is getting worse. b2015 We have a choice—pretend it is not happening and abandon future generations, or start to clean up the carbon pollution that is driving climate change. As President Obama recently said: ‘‘Climate change is no longer some far off problem. It is happening here. It is happening now.’’ We can’t wait for some future generation to take action. To that end, the EPA finalized a workable plan to reduce carbon emissions from power plants, which are the largest uncontrolled source of manmade greenhouse gases in the United States. The Clean Power Plan gives the States tremendous flexibility to choose how to achieve those reductions. The goals are Statespecific and costeffective. This is a moderate and reasonable approach that ensures flexibility, affordability, reliability, and investment in clean energy technologies; and polls show that the public supports the Clean Power Plan by large majorities. It outlines a path to cleaner air, better health, a safer climate, and a stronger economy. If we make these investments in cleaner energy, the United States can be the world leader in industries of the future. The majority wants to stop this. They want to deny the science, pretend climate change isn’t happening, and let power plants keep spewing carbon pollution without control. They refuse to act to limit carbon pollution, and now they are outraged that President Obama is keeping his word and using his authority under the Clean Air Act to act because we in Congress won’t. So they included language in the underlying bill that aims to block the implementation of the Clean Power Plan and the EPA’s carbon pollution standards for new and modified power plants. This is a ‘‘just say ‘no’’’ agenda. My amendment strikes the harmful rider from the bill. Let’s not heed the arguments on behalf of companies that profit from the status quo. These are defeatist arguments. They aren’t interested in developing a plan to help us reduce emissions while maintaining a reasonably and reliably priced electricity system. We have already wasted enough time on legislation to ‘‘just say ‘no’’’ to climate action. Now Congress must move on. What we cannot do, as President Obama said, is ‘‘condemn our children to a planet beyond their capacity to repair it.’’ 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support my amendment. The Clean Power Plan is an important, long overdue, and critical tool in our fight against global climate change. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ) is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, the Supreme Court has ruled on a number of occasions that the EPA does not have the authority to rewrite the Clean Air Act, as it has been attempting to do. In February, the Supreme Court issued a stay on the EPA’s greenhouse gas rule. It is no surprise that the EPA finds itself on shaky legal ground as it attempts to rely on limited authorities to write a rule that would vastly expand its reach. This administration’s policies, regulations, and rhetoric are all aimed at making energy more expensive in America. The administration cannot be allowed to change the laws of the land administratively, which is why the language in this bill should remain in this bill. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment to strike. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) has 21⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. The effects of climate change are real, and they are being felt by Americans every day. NASA says that climate change is causing drought and increased forest fire frequency in the West, flooding in the Midwest, declining water supplies in the Southeast. Ninetyseven percent of all climate experts agree that human activity, specifically the combustion of fossil fuels and the release of carbon into the atmosphere, is changing our climate; yet this Congress continues to deny that there is a crisis, and it refuses to take the action that is necessary to protect the safety, the health, and the well being of our constituents. Mr. Chair, the standards that the administration has proposed are just about protecting the health of our children and putting this Nation on a path to a 30 percent reduction in carbon pollution from the power sector by 2030. We cannot continue to deny that there is something happening with our weather. We cannot continue to deny that there is something happening with our climate nor can we continue to deny that, if we do this right, we will create a new generation of jobs and careers in new technologies. For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, we, as a country, should be pursuing a true alloftheabove approach to energyelectricity generation. Unfortunately, this administration’s power plant rules would pick winners and losers. It would determine the market for coal, cost miners their jobs, and raise energy prices for all Americans. The EPA has exceeded its legal authority by double regulating coalfired power plants and by forcing States to fundamentally shift their energy portfolios away from coal. It sets standards for new coalfired power plants that are based on technologies which have not even been proven to be commercially available. While this administration is using every regulatory effort that is possible to put our hardworking coal miners in the unemployment line, we are pushing back here on the Appropriations Committee. We included this important provision in this bill to protect miners, to protect families, and to protect businesses and our economy. The chairman is exactly right when he references the United States Supreme Court. The other side would simply take casually the fact that there is no legal authority for the administration to pursue the rules and regulations like in this particular case. It is critically important that we oppose this amendment. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I understand the gentleman’s concern about coal. Without the implementation of the Clean Power Plan, coal has been affected by the market, not by the EPA, and the availability of natural gas has certainly, I think, hurt the coal industry. I understand that, but this is a sensible approach to dealing with air quality and climate change; and I urge my colleagues to support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 152, strike lines 14 through 24. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, my amendment would strike section 434, a harmful policy rider that limits the ability of our environmental agencies to take action to improve public health and to fight the root causes of climate change. If we are to lower the impact of greenhouse gas emissions, we need Federal action. The largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States is from burning fossil fuels, which raises atmospheric levels of CO2. Greenhouse gas emissions can affect coastal regions, energy, defense, food supplies, wildfire preparedness, and our quality of life. This rider blocks the Environmental Protection Agency’s ongoing efforts to reduce the damage that hydrofluorocarbons do to our climate. Hydrofluorocarbons, or HFCs, are factorymade gasses that are used in air conditioning and refrigeration and are up to 10,000 times more potent pound for pound than carbon dioxide. While not as abundant as carbon dioxide, super pollutants, like HFCs and methane, have contributed up to 40 percent of observed global warming. Unless we act now, the United States’ HFC emissions are expected to double by 2020 and to triple by 2030. By limiting the EPA’s authority under the Clean Air Act to propose, finalize, or enforce any regulation or guidance regarding HFCs, this rider would undercut its ability to protect public health and to demonstrate American leadership in emissions reductions. The EPA’s Significant New Alternatives Policy Program, or SNAP, requires us to evaluate substitutes that are already being developed by industry for super pollutants like HFCs. Through SNAP, we can ensure a more smooth transition to safer alternatives for our country’s industrial sector. Last year, the SNAP finalized a new rule on HFCs that the Environmental Investigation Agency estimates will reduce emissions by 2030 by the equivalent of taking 21 million cars off the road. The standards set by the EPA will drive U.S. and international innovation and the market development of low emission and energyefficient refrigeration, airconditioning, foam blowing agents, and aerosol technologies. These innovations will actually get at one of the root causes of climate change before we are forced to react to increasingly extreme weather and sea level rise. By embracing these forwardthinking proposals, we can tackle the lowhanging fruit while adopting alternatives that are actually much more energy efficient than current HFCs. This is one 
example of how embracing the clean energy revolution doesn’t just limit damage to our climate but also increases America’s competitiveness and creates economic opportunity. Last year, we saw major companies, including CocaCola, Carrier, DuPont, Honeywell, PepsiCo, and other industry leaders commit to voluntarily reducing harmful HFC emissions. I appreciate the concerns of some in the industry about the pace at which they are required to transition to lower emission materials, but the answer to that is not to halt this process entirely. Preventing the SNAP program from functioning when less harmful materials are being developed is not the right approach. My amendment strikes this shortsighted rider so that America can continue to be a leader in advancing innovative solutions to reducing our emissions. We should not be handcuffing the important work being done at the EPA to reduce super pollutants. I ask my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, last year, the EPA issued a final rule to disqualify many refrigerants and other chemicals. The rule contained aggressive deadlines for the phaseout of many chemicals. Some of those deadlines applied within 6 months. Historical experience with the Montreal Protocol indicated that manufacturers needed 6plus years to successfully transition between new materials. It is nice if the Fortune 100 companies, as the gentleman mentioned, are able to quickly transfer their technologies, but a lot of Main Street people can’t. They just simply go broke. Clearly, the EPA chose winners and losers, and for the losers, the timelines are absolutely unworkable. Manufacturers need time to implement engineering and technology changes and to address new risk and safety challenges. No sooner did the EPA finalize its regulation last year to disqualify certain products than the EPA initiated version 2.0—that the rulemaking is now in the works. This is truly an out ofcontrol process that is driven by the White House’s agenda. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I take the gentleman’s point. I would just say again that, if there are concerns about the timeline, I would be more than willing to work—and I am sure my colleagues would—on a better timeline, but stopping all activity is not the answer. That is why I think this is the appropriate response; so I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 154, strike line 22 and all that follows through page 155, line 8. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, the social— or real—cost of carbon is the monetary estimate of the damages caused by carbon dioxide emissions to the environment, health, and economic growth. Today’s bill contains an unnecessary and harmful policy rider that would delay, indefinitely, incorporating that cost in rulemaking or guidance documents. My amendment would strike that bad rider and would, instead, put us on a path of responsible policymaking that reflects the realities of changing climates and increasingly extreme weather events. b2030 Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s bipartisan Risky Business report notes that accounting for the real cost of carbon emissions and preparing for climate change is a smart business practice. If we continue on our current path, by 2050, between $66 billion and $106 billion worth of existing coastal property will likely be below sea level nationwide. Eighty percent of California’s GDP is derived from our coastal counties. Greenhouse gasdriven changes in temperature by burning fossil fuels will necessitate construction of new power generation that Mayor Bloomberg’s report estimates will cost residential and commercial ratepayers as much as $12 billion per year. That is $12 billion that could be spent by families to put their kids through school or to buy a home. It could be spent by businesses to hire more employees or give annual bonuses. Accounting for the social cost of carbon now provides greater certainty and greater freedom in the future. I anticipate my colleagues in opposition to this amendment will suggest that the harmful rider merely delays using the social cost of carbon until a new working group can update the data we use to guide rulemaking. In practice, this would send this rule back to the drawing board when the data we have now about how carbon emissions damage our economy and our health is perfectly adequate and backed by peer reviewed science. By adding more layers of bureaucracy, this rider rejects a forwardthinking approach already used by the private sector and backed by science in favor of the status quo, in favor of doing nothing. There is a real cost to our environment and our prosperity associated with delaying this rule. For too long we have heard that we have had to choose between supporting prosperity and a clean environment. The implication is we can’t have both, but that is a false choice we can’t afford to make. We have to provide both economic opportunity and clean water and air for future generations. I want to take a cue from the private sector, from businesses that already account for the cost of carbon, and let’s be sensible and support this amendment. I want to thank my friends—Congressman POLIS, Congressman LOWENTHAL , Congresswoman E STY, Congressman BEYER , and Congressman WELCH —for backing this effort. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I have long been concerned with how the EPA conducts its costbenefit analysis to justify its rulemaking. This is something that the committee has discussed with the EPA on a number of occasions. The Supreme Court recently ruled that EPA’s approach to examining costs in their regulations was, at the least, flawed. The administration’s revised estimates for the social cost of carbon help justify, on paper, larger benefits from reducing carbon emissions in any proposed rule. If the administration can inflate the price tag so that the benefits always exceed the costs, then the administration can gold plate required regulations from any department or any agency. Section 436 says that the administration should reconvene a working group to revise the estimates in a more transparent manner and to make that information available to the public. I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, the majority has repeatedly brought bills to this same House floor that add 
requirements for Federal agencies to use more costbenefit analyses; but now, when we are dealing with climate change, we are told that we should remove requirements to honestly consider the cost of climate change. Which way do you want it? Is cost benefit analysis only a good thing when it suits the majority’s purpose to slow regulation and a bad thing when it may shed some light on the true cost of our carbonbased actions? Ignoring the facts because we don’t like them won’t make the problem go away. Greenhouse gas emissions from human activities are causing climate change with profound monetary costs for our health, infrastructure, food security, and national security. Let’s bring more information and transparency into the Federal rulemaking process by using the social cost of carbon to quantify those costs. That way we can understand the risks and make sound investments in our Nation’s future. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, this is ironic because we hear from Republicans all the time about the importance of costbenefit analyses before this regulation, before that regulation. Well, of course, we acknowledge and I acknowledge that there are costs to regulation with regard to emissions, there is no doubt. There are also benefits. I have a tourismdependent district. We have great ski areas like Vail, Breckenridge. Well, guess what. That is climate dependent. We have agriculture in my district—climate dependent. You know what? I would also acknowledge, of course, all the costs, all the benefits, those are estimates. You know, what? No model is perfect, but I guarantee you that the model is far superior to just throwing it out altogether and having no model. There are real costs to carbon emissions, and it is completely appropriate to use the best sciencedriven data to estimate those in any type of regulation. It is important to look at costs as benefits, and I feel we are making the argument our Republican friends usually make. But here, in this case, they don’t happen to like these particular costs. Maybe they don’t think they are real. Maybe they don’t believe in them. But we let science guide us. The fact that I have a weatherdependent district and we have a climate dependent economy across our country is powerful testimony towards including the social cost of carbon. I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, folks, here is what is going on: the EPA and other Federal agencies are increasingly using this thing called social cost of carbon in their environmental rulemaking. So what is social cost of carbon? It is an ambiguous and confusing matrix that has been used simply to justify the validity of many of the administration’s clean air environmental regulations that target the direct and indirect carbon dioxide emissions from various sources. Since its very first use, the administration has recalculated the models multiple times in order to inflate the supposed cost of small increases in CO2 in the atmosphere and, thus, supposed benefits. What is most outrageous is that the administration, which the minority here says is just simply trying to put in the economic factors, is actually ignoring the Office of Management and Budget’s circular A–4, which explicitly states that ‘‘a real discount rate of 7 percent should be used as a basecase for regulatory analysis.’’.’’ Guess what. They ran the numbers. Seven percent doesn’t get them what they need from the social costs, so what they do is ignore OMB and come up with their own factors. That is the deceptive nature of their supposed cost factor. Change the underlying assumptions, change the factors, get the results you want that justify your findings. Folks, that is not how we should be doing it. I strongly urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I would just say, again, I think the gentleman makes an excellent point that 7 percent is a pretty aggressive discount rate and maybe we should talk about the methodology. But what we should not do is prevent the discussion in its entirety, which is what that language does. So I hope that my colleagues will support our amendment and that we will be able to get it right. We can agree on a methodology that fairly represents this issue, and I would be happy to work with my colleague. I hope they will support my amendment so we can, at least, have this discussion. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this is voodoo environmentalism, so I would absolutely have opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to speak on behalf of the amendment that I have offered to protect farmworkers throughout this Nation. Every day, farmworkers work long hours under the scorching sun in one of the most dangerous industries in this country, and they suffer the highest rates of chemical injuries and skin disorders due to pesticide exposure. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimates that up to 3,000 farmworkers suffer acute pesticide poisoning every year through their workrelated exposure. Every year, an estimated 1.1 billion pounds of pesticides are applied to agricultural crops in the United States. According to the EPA, 10,000 to 20,000 farmworkers suffer pesticide poisoning annually. Exposure to pesticides increases the risk of chronic health problems amongst adult and child farmworkers, such as cancer, infertility, neurological disorders, and respiratory conditions. There are approximately half a million child farmworkers in the U.S., and farmworker children face increased risks of cancer and birth defects. It should be noted that this workplace, in the farms and working crops, is the only area in this country where child labor laws do not apply. Should we then increase the children’s risk and exposure because they are not covered by a law that covers the rest of the children in this country? Research also shows that both farmworkers and their children may suffer decreased intellectual functioning from even low levels of exposure to insecticides, which are widely used in agriculture. After more than 20 years, the Environmental Protection Agency finally made the long overdue updates to the worker protection standards for farmworkers. The standards provide basic workplace protections to farmworkers to reduce harmful exposures and result in fewer pesticiderelated injuries, illnesses, birth defects, and deaths among farmworkers and their family members. Farmworkers play a critical role in our economy, ensuring that our constituents have nutritious, quality food 
on their tables. The 2017 Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriation Act contains a harmful provision, section 437, that will remove farmworkers’ rights to a designated representative. A designated representative in this process is a critical part of improving access to pesticide information for workers in various situations. There are times when a worker may need the help of a spouse, family member, or coworker to obtain information. For instance, if a worker is injured or hurt and cannot be there in person, the information could be requested by the treating medical personnel. This standard is in practice in other sectors where workers are exposed to toxic substances and is consistent with the access to exposure records that those workers now have. To protect the health of those who harvest the food for our constituents and put it on our tables, it is critical to have a uniform Federal standard that applies to all workers, and that is the right to have a designated representative. In the amendment that I offer, I would simply strike section 437 in order to protect farmworkers’ rights and also provide health protections. I urge my colleagues to support the GrijalvaSanchez amendment to strike section 437. This amendment is important to the health and safety of farmworkers and their families. We must ensure that farmworkers can appropriately access information on pesticides so they can protect themselves and their families while doing their jobs that are so vital to our Nation and to our economy. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, prior to finalizing the worker protection rule, the EPA shared a draft with the House Committee on Agriculture. The draft did not contain a section that authorized the use of designated representatives. It was later inserted by the EPA without congressional consultation, and the EPA failed to follow the law that requires consultation with the authorizers on these pesticide rules. However, the broader concern is the substance of the rule. Farmers are concerned they will have little recourse but to turn over their documents to unauthorized individuals. The section of the rule is illadvised, and unintended consequences were clearly not considered. The EPA needs to reengage with the authorizing committee and the agricultural community on this. In the meantime, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. b2045 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, at the urging of many organizations, and at the urging of being consistent and uniform with the protections extended to workers who work with toxic substances throughout this country, which includes the provision that a representative may represent the interests, seek information, and provide transparency for that worker in order for them to pursue their health and their safety. I think this section, the worker protection section, if we strike this section, all we are doing is making the process uniform for every industry. To deny farmworkers, and more particularly children, as I mentioned, that is the only workplace sector in which the child labor laws do not apply, to provide them, their families, and children with the simple ability to be treated like every other worker, in every other industry, that deals with toxic substances, I think, is just merely playing a fair game, treating all workers equally, and in this instance, this amendment would be consistent with what is going on in the rest of the Nation and the protections extended to all workers. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an excellent amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 156, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 157, line 11. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to offer this amendment, along with my colleagues, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. L UJAN  GRISHAM . It is a very simple amendment. It just strikes a policy rider, section 439 of the bill. This section would block the EPA from doing its job. It would block the EPA’s commonsense standards for sources of emissions of methane in the oil and gas industry, an issue that is literally in our backyards in the State of Colorado. It would even prevent the EPA from doing research into existing drill sites for methane standard purposes, and, most astonishing, it would actually prevent the EPA from clarifying the scope of emission sources, which would continue to make sure that we know less and are less protected rather than more protected. The President and the EPA are taking action to protect our country, our planet, from methane emissions. It is past time that we take bold action to combat climate change and reduce the impact of impending catastrophic changes to our climate, to our world, reducing national security and hurting our economy in tourism and agriculturedependent districts like mine. Taking aggressive action now is, quite simply, a moral imperative, not only within the purview of the EPA, but the actual charge that Congress is giving the Environmental Protection Agency. The sad reality is that right now, the majority of our energy still comes from fossil fuels. That is why while of course we need to invest in renewables, at the same time, we can’t wait to transition entirely to renewable energy before we address the extraction process that releases dangerous chemicals, such as methane as a byproduct. Pound for pound, methane pollution from oil and gas wells is 80 times more potent than carbon dioxide and is responsible for onequarter of humanmade climate change, according to scientists. These EPA rules are long overdue standards for the oil and gas industry, which will reduce methane pollution and provide certainty for the industry. Although I wish, frankly, these new rules went further, I wish, frankly, that Congress had taken bold action, these stricter standards are a good start, and they are necessary. Scientists have recently published even more convincing data showing that the methane released during natural gas extraction is a deadly climate threat. New scientific mapping shows that 12.4 million people live within a half mile of the 1.2 million active oil and gas facilities in the United States, many in my home of Colorado. This threat radius is a very conservative estimate of the distance from which toxic air emissions from oil and gas facilities have an adverse impact on public health. It is why in many areas of northern Colorado and Wyoming, we have worse air quality than downtown Los Angeles. We must not prevent the EPA from moving forward to protect our air, our water, and our planet, which is what Congress has charged them to do. It is time for us to allow them to do their sciencebased work. It is time to make the fossil fuel industry and fracking play by the same set of rules the rest of the country plays by, instead of letting them emit tons of chemicals, literally tons of chemicals into our air that put our health and the future of the planet in jeopardy. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, in May, EPA issued regulations for new and existing oil and gas operations. These are the latest steps in the President’s climate agenda. EPA pulled the rug out from underneath these companies, working in good faith to share information with the Agency. The industry was making tremendous progress to reduce emissions through voluntary measures. By any measurable degree, they were making tremendous progress. But this administration feels the need to overregulate the oil and gas industry at every single turn, to use their police powers to bring this industry to their knees. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, voluntary measures are just that, voluntary. While there might, and perhaps there are a few good actors willing to abide by them in some States, like my home State of Colorado, have implemented air standards. What we care about is the aggregate. We want to discourage a race to the bottom among producers and have a national baseline for methane emissions. While, again, frankly, I think this rule should go a lot further, at least it provides that baseline, provides the industry certainty, and helps begin the process of us getting a handle on ensuring that the air we breathe is clean and reducing climate change. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS .) Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, here we go again. Just two amendments ago we had something called the social cost of carbon. Well, yes, the administration has now put out a new methane rule. Guess what. Social cost of methane is now being put forth as the economic justification for their rules. I pointed out just a moment ago that despite the OMB’s circular recommending a certain discount rate, unfortunately when running the numbers, apparently the Agency doesn’t get the results they want, so what they do is change the underlying assumptions. I rise in opposition to this amendment. This amendment would remove a critical provision to protect against new, expansive methane regulations that could harm the economy, would harm the economy, and strangle our domestic energy portfolio. These regulations are being developed using the same overly aggressive interpretation of the Clean Air Act that was responsible for the costly, burdensome Clean Power Plan. What is interesting on this one, however, is that even the EPA found that the methane rule would provide only marginal benefits. But they plow ahead regardless of that finding. I urge the opposition to this amendment. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, you can’t just pretend that things don’t have costs. Of course, carbon emissions have a cost. Of course, methane emissions have a cost. It doesn’t mean that people are proposing we abolish carbon emissions from our economy. It means we want to look at, in this case, methane emissions and their cost. Colorado has implemented similar rules already that the industry has adopted. There are actors in the industry who want this very certainty so they know what they need to do with regard to methane emissions. There are plenty of companies providing new recapture technologies. All this does is begin to get a handle on it. Again, in my opinion, it doesn’t go far enough. In my opinion, it isn’t the kind of action I would hope a bold Congress would take. But at the very least, let’s have standards for methane emissions. Let’s prevent a ban on research into existing drill sites for methane standard purposes. If this section is left intact, not only does it strike the emission standards, it prevents the EPA from doing research into what the standards should be or could be, so we are never going to reach ‘‘the right answer.’’ It should be beholden on those who believe that this is not the right answer to actually support the very kind of research for methane standard purposes that is blocked by this very section, which our amendment will remove from the bill. I ask for your support on this simple, commonsense amendment to remove this policy rider and help keep our air clean. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 34 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 157, strike lines 13 through 16. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would strike a misguided policy rider that could cost taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars, and it maintains a sweetheart, belowmarket deal for the fossil fuel industry. My amendment would strike section 440 of the underlying bill, a section that would prevent the Interior Department from updating royalty rates and valuation methodologies for coal, oil, and natural gas resources on public lands. Now, I would think that saving the taxpayer money by charging a fair return for the development of our public resources is something that both sides of the aisle could agree upon. So maybe the sponsors behind this policy rider didn’t know the true magnitude of the cost to taxpayers that their rider to this appropriations bill would impose upon Americans. To make sure that we all understand, Mr. Chair, what we would be costing the taxpayer if we were to vote to keep this harmful rider, Mr. Chair, I would like to share some eyeopening research on this matter. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the CBO, just released in April a detailed study that reviewed possible changes to the oil and gas fiscal system. That report explicitly analyzed how much money the American taxpayer is losing from the current belowmarket onshore oil and gas royalty rates. CBO concluded that the U.S. Treasury would receive $200 million additional and the Western States another $200 million over 10 years if the Interior Department were to simply raise the onshore royalty rates to parity with the current offshore royalty rates. So, to be clear, keeping this misguided policy rider would prevent an additional $200 million from being sent to the Western States and another $200 million to the Federal taxpayer. Mr. Chairman, I have also heard specious arguments that claim raising onshore royalty rates will decrease production, put all oil and gas companies out of business and actually reduce the return to the taxpayer. This is false, and here is why: The CBO analyzed these effects and found that this was not the case. The CBO found that the effects on production would be negligible, and that the increases in Federal and State revenues are net increases that include the decreases in income from bonus bids and production changes. Furthermore, production would not simply move to State or private lands to find lower royalty rates because private mineral owners and Western States, like Wyoming, New 
Mexico, Louisiana, North Dakota, Montana, even Oklahoma and Texas, all of them charge higher royalty rates. Thus, I hope these facts will disabuse those who used to believe in keeping onshore oil and gas royalty rates below market price, and now will, instead, support the Lowenthal amendment No. 34 that will allow the Interior Department to provide the taxpayer and Western States with hundreds of millions of dollars in additional revenue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b2100 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, we included a provision in this prohibiting the Department of the Interior from changing royalty rates in its valuation regulation for coal, oil, and gas on Federal land in order to stem the hemorrhaging of jobs we are seeing in coal country and throughout the United States. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE). Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to Mr. LOWENTHAL ’s amendment to strike the language that would defund the administration’s efforts to kill coal, oil, and gas development. My colleagues and I included this language for good reason. We are trying to protect our schools, our infrastructure, our communities, and the very livelihoods that depend on these revenues. I know that royalty and valuation mean very little outside these walls, but to my constituents across Montana, it means funding schools and empowering local communities. Mike Johnson, an operating engineer from Billings, I think sums it up best: 
I am a working man from Montana. I am not a doctor or a lawyer or anything, but I personally suffered from the Federal mismanagement of our public lands in western Montana. I am a displaced worker from a paper mill. I now work in eastern Montana, and people don’t understand the impact these jobs have on our lives. I saw five about five of my friends commit suicide after the mill closed. My wife had cancer, and I lost my health care, and I lost darn goodpaying jobs. 
The chairman of the great Crow Nation, Old Coyote, said: 
A war on coal is a war on the Crow people. 
Without Crow revenue, without revenue from coal, the Crow people faced a lifetime of despair and poverty. They have very few options but coal. Yet, this administration, at every turn, tries to prevent the Crow Nation from being sovereign and from having their choice to export and use their resource as they want. These words capture the real problem, and the cost is real people. I know that many don’t understand where Montana is. Montana is the same size as from here to Chicago, plus 2 miles. I understand Montana. I understand that Montana is blessed with resources, and we want to use them in a responsible way. But I also have to protect our families, our ability to provide a living in Montana. For this reason, I ask my colleagues to vote against this amendment and stand with American workers, families, and the great Crow Nation. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) has 1 minute remaining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, we heard a very passionate plea that this amendment of mine would hurt jobs, would hurt schools, would kill coal. It is just the opposite. As I pointed out, the CBO’s report just indicated that production would not go down. In fact, the largest impact upon production, the dominant factor that controls production, is the price of crude oil and natural gas, not the royalty rates. I also would like to remind those on the other side of the aisle that States like Montana already at the State level and also on private property charge much higher than we are asking at the Federal level. I would agree to the same charge that Montana charges residents for its own oil and gas and coal production. Mr. Chairman, I request an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this very reasonable amendment that really brings money back to both States and also to the Federal Treasury. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, it is interesting. We hear the devastating effects from people who represent these States that are rich in natural resources and what is happening in coal country and to the oil industry and the rest. I respect their opinion and I, obviously, oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in House Report 114–683. 
36, 37, 38, 39, AND 40 OFFERED BY MR . MCNER NEY OF CALIFORNIA EN BLOC  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment Nos. 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, and 40 printed in House Report 114–683, be considered en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I offer amendment Nos. 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, and 40. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments. The text of the amendments is as follows: AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 162, beginning on line 14, strike section 447. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 166, beginning on line 19, strike section 448. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 172, beginning on line 4, strike section 449. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 182, beginning on line 18, strike section 450. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 182, beginning on line 24, strike section 451. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 183, beginning on line 3, strike section 452. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I am submitting an amendment to strike provisions from Mr. VALADAO ’s bill, H.R. 2898, that were included as riders in this year’s Interior and EPA appropriations bill. I am disappointed that my Republican colleagues continue to attach bad policy on important appropriations bills. In this case, they have attached the same damaging riders to the Interior appropriations bill that would drain the California delta with over pumping. These provisions would ravage the ecology of the delta, destroy the local fish and wildlife, and harm communities we serve. They would undermine 40 years of progress in protecting our land and resources. They override environmental protection for California rivers, fisheries, threatening thousands of fishing jobs, and weaken the Endangered Species Act. Fish will go extinct. But my Republican colleagues claim that this bill will not harm fish. These sections violate existing biological opinions protecting salmon and other endangered fish, which would impact the salmon industry across the entire Pacific Coast. These riders do nothing to prepare our communities for droughts in the future. These are droughts we know are coming. They misstate California water law and encourage further regional divides in the West when we need to work together to bridge those differences. H.R. 2898 has been opposed by the State and key stakeholders, including commercial and sport fishermen, Native American tribes, environmental groups, and recreational employers. And the Obama administration has already threatened to veto it, but my Republican colleagues keep claiming that water is being wasted. 
Hydrological conditions have played a primary role in water deliveries since the start of California’s drought. The 2014 water year was the third driest in California’s recorded history, and some experts conclude that the current drought may be the State’s most severe in 1,200 years. Currently, 100 percent of the State is experiencing some level of drought, and more than 40 percent is experiencing ‘‘exceptional drought,’’ the most severe drought classification according to the U.S. Drought Monitor. The Department of the Interior estimates that the Endangered Species Act accounted for a mere 2 percent of the water supply reduction in the Central Valley Project water deliveries in 2014, and current estimates suggest a similarly small impact in 2014. California’s State Water Resources Control Board estimated that in 2015, only 2 percent of this water flowed out to the ocean solely for environmental protection. The water that Donald Trump said was being shoved out to sea was actually used to prevent saltwater intrusion that would permanently damage some of the most valuable farmland in the world. Water being released for salinity control protects Central Valley farms from being contaminated. California and Federal officials have been able to increase exports from the California delta using existing authority. This action has helped maximize the use of what little water exists in the State. A lack of water is our biggest threat, not operational flexibility. And my colleagues still wonder where some of that water went. Well, according to the Bay Institute, earlier this year, approximately two thirds of storm runoff was captured or diverted, with only onethird of the runoff making it through the delta estuary. And for the period of October 1 of last year to January 31, 60 percent of storm water was diverted or stored. Water scarcity in California is caused by longstanding and severe drought and the slow pace of investments in efficiency, water recycling, and other supplies. Many senior water right holders have received 100 percent of their allocation this year. According to State law, they are supposed to get that amount. The other junior right holders got much less, but that is what it means to be a junior water right holder—you don’t get as much water in a drought. California has the right to stop seawater intrusion, protect water quality for our communities and farms, and distribute allocations according to their water right system. Even the junior water right holders have proven their resiliency. In fact, the National Agriculture Statistics Service projects a record almond crop in California this year. The orchards will yield an estimated 2.05 billion pounds, up from an even 2 billion the year before. It would eclipse the record. I am deeply disappointed this bill has been included in this year’s Interior appropriations bill, and I hope my amendment passes to strike out these harmful provisions. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, we all know there has been a drought in California, except for this year. This year, we have had some relief from the historic drought conditions that have been certainly made worse by Federal actions, which have, undoubtedly, led to increased pressure on California’s ability to provide water throughout the State. I have been following the flows of water through the delta virtually every day. I remember one day there was 185,000 cubic feet per second moving through the delta. And for whatever reason, decisions were made to only pump 2,500 cubic feet per second when you are allowed under the biological opinion to pump 5,000. I am just going to give that as one example. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), who has been working very hard in the Central Valley for the farms and his constituents. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, 380 million gallons a day; that is a number that should have been quoted. When you hear about 380 million gallons a day of sewage being dumped in this estuary that they talk about, this environment they are trying to protect, when you think about that much sewage being dumped into the delta on a daily basis, you hear the same people talking about trying to protect it. There are things going on in that delta. And they have been restricting our water for the last 20 years, and it has not saved that species. There are provisions in these bills that actually help. We attacked the invasive species that is attacking the delta smelt, the striped bass. We have offered that provision many times. We are offering many solutions. Like the author mentioned earlier, we have had language in probably five different pieces of legislation going through the House over to the Senate. We have begged for an open and transparent process where we can debate this and have some commonsense ideas brought forward and voted and signed into law so that we can help both our communities. If you truly care about the delta, stop polluting it. If you truly care about the people of California and what it costs to feed your families, if you truly care about farm workers, if you truly care about these small communities, you would care about water and doing this right and having an honest debate. Now, I have been approached off camera a million times now to have another offcamera conversation about this, and we have said all along: No more conversation like that. Everything on the floor. This is an open, transparent process. Five pieces of legislation have this language in it. And we are going to continue to push until we can get some support so we can fix this problem. b2115 So those little communities in my district that people claim to care about could actually turn on a faucet and fill a pot of water so they can make themselves some food to eat and some dinner, maybe bathe their children, because that is where we are today. We have houses that, when they turn on a faucet, they no longer have water. And I get the whole junior water rights concern, but if they were truly concerned about the environment, they would give up some of their water. But you look at Hetch Hetchy, that has had 100 percent of their water and continues to deliver that water via pipeline all the way to San Francisco without one conversation about that water being able to help some of these rivers and some of these species, but they are not willing to give up any of their water. They are willing to take other people’s water. It is the same thing we hear about on so many different issues; take someone else’s product, or someone else’s water and try to solve another problem with it. And the problem has to be solved the right way: language that we have offered, that has been offered into these amendments, into these bills, and that we have pushed over to the Senate, and the conversation has to be had in an open, transparent process like our Senators have told us they wanted. So we are here. We are ready for that conversation. We want an honest debate, and we want to talk about the way we actually fix these problems. We are not going to try to accommodate communities dumping their sewage in the delta, but we want to help those species, and there is language in there to do that, even language in there to help capture some of the water. Use some of the infrastructure we have paid for as taxpayers and allow it to be used to its full capacity so we can continue to store water that we do have and not waste it. This is an honest piece of language that could actually help solve California’s problems, and I think we need to continue to have an honest debate. Mr. CALVERT. Obviously, this is an emotional subject. It is not just water that is going to the Central Valley, also to the southern California region for the millions of people who live there. We don’t want to see water wasted. This year, we saw hundreds and hundreds of thousands of acrefeet of water being released through the delta, really, with not saving one fish. Even independent agencies will privately agree that they were overly conservative 
when they were managing the pump operations of late. So this suffering that is going on is terrible. It needs to come to an end. I certainly oppose this amendment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendments offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 183, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 184, line 15. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment to strike section 453 from the underlying bill. Section 453 restricts funds from being used to establish a national monument pursuant to the Antiquities Act in several Western counties, including Maricopa County in Arizona, a portion of which I represent in Congress. I understand the Member who inserted this language into the bill during committee consideration is generally opposed, if not totally opposed, to the use of the Antiquities Act. This section restricts the use of the Antiquities Act on over 160 million acres of public land, nearly onequarter of all Federal land in the lower 48. I know that many of the Members of Congress who represent these areas do not support this blanket restriction on the use the Antiquities Act. So that we are absolutely clear, these monuments can be established only on land already owned by the Federal Government. This is how Federal lands should be preserved. It is not about adding more land to the Federal estate. Since Theodore Roosevelt’s designation of the first national monument, Devils Tower in Wyoming, 16 Presidents from both parties have used the Antiquities Act to protect more than 160 of America’s best known and most loved landscapes; only 3 Presidents have not. America’s public places are becoming more and more inclusive, more representative of all Americans, and as President Obama has demonstrated with the use of the Antiquities Act, more representative of the real reality, history, culture, and special places of this Nation that represent all people. That is why, presently, I am working with the region’s Native American communities and, in earnest, I have asked the President to designate the Greater Grand Canyon Heritage National Monument on public land surrounding the Grand Canyon. Section 435 of this bill will jeopardize not only that effort, but other efforts around the country to honor, recognize, and protect our most cherished cultural, historic, and natural resources, and it should be removed from the bill. I urge my colleagues to stand up in defense of the Antiquities Act and support my amendment to strike Section 435 from this bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Chairman, some 20 years ago, President Clinton went to Arizona and he pointed across the border into Utah, in my district, and he said: I’m creating a national monument over there—nearly 2 million acres. He did not have the courage to come to Utah to defend this monument nor to create it because he knew that the local people did not support it. That monument has been incredibly unpopular since then. It has kicked ranchers off the range. It has decimated the local economies, until we have reached this point, where some of the local school districts have had to declare an emergency because their schools are dying and their children are having to ride a bus for 2 hours, one way, 2 hours, to go to school. Why? Because there are no jobs that can support a family, and people are having to leave. Local input is so important to the creation of these monuments, and there are examples where local input and where people collaborating have worked together and come to a great solution. ROBBISHOP has done that. Just yesterday, we held a bipartisan press conference where we had local mayors, Republicans and Democrats, on what we called the Mountain Accord. I am asking President Obama, please, come to my State. Talk to the people in my district. See what they think about this monument. Come talk to us and see how this will impact them. Now, let me close with this. There is a reason I live in Utah. I love to ski. I love to rock climb. I love to hike. I love to sit on my porch and look at the beautiful landscape around me. I want to preserve this. All of us do. But there is a right way to do this and there is a wrong way to do this, and the Antiquities Act and the stroke of a pen of a President who won’t even come to the State to defend his action is not the right way. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding the time. I really want to support this important amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona. It is important because it will strike a section of this bill that will hurt a small group of States, including my State of Maine. As we all know, the Congress gave the President the right to create a national monument over 100 years ago. Since then, the President has used that authority to create national monuments like Yellowstone, Grand Canyon National Park, and Acadia National Park in my district. National monuments bring economic benefits to States, and the use of the Antiquities Act has been an important conservation tool for over a century. For my State of Maine, a national monument would bring new visitors to the area and create jobs, not just in the immediate region, but throughout the State. For example, we already have a national park in Maine, Acadia National Park. Acadia started out as a national monument 100 years ago this very month, and it brings about 3 million visitors a year to the region. Mr. Chair, this bill has very problematic language in that it will block the creation of national monuments, even in areas where one might be supported by our local communities. We need to strip this provision out of the underlying bill. I urge my colleagues to strongly support the Grijalva amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, Congressman GRIJALVA , who represents southwestern Arizona, is seeking to lock up 1.7 million acres in northern Arizona, at the behest of special interest groups, for the sole purpose of preventing mining, retiring grazing permits, closing roads to OHV users, and preventing forest thinning activities. There is significant opposition in Arizona to this proposed land grab, as Americans for Responsible Recreational Access recently reported that a scientific poll found that 71.6 percent of Arizonans are opposed. In April, I held a public meeting to hear concerns about this proposal, and hundreds of local stakeholders showed up in opposition. More than 30 Arizona witnesses submitted formal testimony against this land grab, including Arizona’s Governor, the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry, numerous businesses, sportsmen’s groups, ag 
groups, local officials, and countless taxpayers. In fact, several of the comments pertaining to today are out of line. In fact, in this proposal, the entire town of Tusayan, which is in Coconino County, would be swallowed up by this proposed monument. Town managers testified against it. Arizona State Land Department Commissioner Lisa Atkins submitted testimony stating: ‘‘Of the 1.7 million acres included in the proposal for the Grand Canyon Watershed National Monument, 64,000 acres belong solely to the Common Schools beneficiary: K–12 education.’’ The list goes on and on and on. I asked everybody. In fact, Arizona Governor Doug Ducey stated: ‘‘Imposition of a preservation management objective overlay on 1.7 million acres of land in Arizona thwarts Arizona’s land management objectives and values, and it does so by bypassing a public process that would most certainly result in a much more thoughtful result. The Grand Canyon Watershed National Monument is not narrow, targeted, warranted, or being considered through an open cooperative public process.’’ I, last but not least, bring up that attorneys also have testified that this proposed monument will tie up future surface water use and future groundwater use. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on amendment 41. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, is there any time left for the opposition? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Mr. GRIJALVA ’s amendment. I represent the heart of the Las Vegas Valley, which attracts more than 42 million visitors from around the globe every year to the world famous Strip to visit our firstclass casinos, restaurants, shopping, and shows. But that is not the only reason people come to Nevada. They come to see the West as it was hundreds, even thousands, of years ago. They come to see the iconic bighorn sheep, the Joshua tree, the petroglyphs that tell the history of the first people who called southern Nevada home. Congress rightfully entrusted in the President the authority to designate such special places for protection, but this bill would eliminate his or her ability to do that, to protect those places that tell America’s stories. I urge my colleagues to support Mr. GRIJALVA ’s amendment to strip out this section from the bill. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, in closing, let me say, since the item came up of the Grand Canyon, the Grand Canyon is an icon to this whole Nation and is supported overwhelmingly by public opinion to create a monument that protects it from degradation from uranium mining, that protects the watershed that feeds water to 23 million people across the West, Nevada, California, Arizona. To say that this is merely a grabbing and a taking is to misrepresent history, misrepresent the reality of that resource; and, in the long term, understand that this icon, the Grand Canyon, is there to be preserved and protected by this Congress, not to be turned over for exploitation. I urge support of the amendment to protect the prerogatives of not only a President, but the prerogatives of our natural resources to be protected in perpetuity for generations and generations to come. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. b2130 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MRS . BLACK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to protect American workers and small manufacturing businesses from a misguided provision in a proposed EPA rule. Last year, the EPA released its phase 2 fuel efficiency and emissions standard for new medium and heavyduty trucks. While many in the trucking industry are not opposed to the phase 2 rule as a whole, one section in the proposal wrongly applies these standards to what are known as glider kits. A glider kit is a group of vehicle parts that can include a brand new truck frame, cab, or axles, but which does not include an engine or transmission. Since a glider kit is less expensive to purchase than a new heavy duty truck and can extend the investment and working life of a truck, businesses and drivers with a damaged or older vehicle may choose to purchase a glider kit instead of buying a new one. Gliders extend the useful life of truck engines while frequently having a higher resale price against comparable trucks. Due to their rebuilt engines, they can also often be a more fuelefficient option, allowing trucking companies and drivers to use less fuel. Unfortunately, the EPA is proposing to apply the new phase 2 standards to glider kits even though gliders are not really new vehicles. Further, it is unclear whether the EPA even has the authority to regulate the replacement parts like gliders. While the EPA’s stated goal with phase 2 is to reduce emissions, the agency has not studied the emissions impact of remanufactured engines and gliders compared to new vehicles. It appears the agency’s actual motivation is to force businesses and drivers that would like to use glider kits to instead buy new trucks. Applying the phase 2 standards to glider kits would certainly harm the workers and owners in the glider industry, leading to possible closure of these businesses and job losses at both manufacturers and dealerships. Additionally, the EPA’s rule would limit consumer choice in the marketplace. Under this proposal, many operators and businesses would simply choose to continue using current vehicles, leaving older trucks on the road longer. My amendment would protect these businesses and American manufacturing jobs by prohibiting the EPA from finalizing, implementing, administering, or even enforcing phase 2 standards on glider kits. To be clear, this amendment would not—and I repeat, would not—bar the EPA from implementing the whole phase 2 rule for medium and heavy duty trucks. It would simply clarify that glider kits and glider vehicles are not new trucks as the EPA claims. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment to help support American manufacturing and stop the EPA from attempting to shut down the glider industry. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, last year, the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration issued proposed fuel efficiency standards for medium and heavyduty trucks as required by the Energy Independence and Security Act. This amendment would prohibit EPA from finalizing, implementing, administering, or enforcing this proposed rule or any rule of the same substance with respect to glider vehicles. These new standards are designed to improve fuel efficiency and cut carbon pollution to reduce the impact of climate change. To be specific, Mr. Chair, these standards are expected to lower CO2 emissions by roughly 1 billion metric tons, cut fuel costs by $170 million, and reduce oil consumption by up to 1.8 billion barrels over the lifetime of the vehicles sold under the program. Now, heavyduty trucks account for 5 percent of the vehicles on the road, and yet they create 20 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions created by all transportation sectors. I would note for my colleagues that this amendment doesn’t actually suspend all aspects of the new rule; it simply carves out an exemption for one particular industry, the industry that produces what are known as glider vehicles. Glider vehicles are heavyduty vehicles that place an older or remanufactured engine on a new truck chassis. These are engines that date back to 2001 or older. They have emissions that are 20 to 40 times higher than today’s clean diesel engines. In essence, Mr. Chair, this amendment would allow an entire segment of the truck manufacturing industry to avoid compliance with the new criteria pollutant standards that are in the rule. These are engines that will continue to emit greenhouse gases and slow down our progress in reducing the impacts of climate change. In short, Mr. Chair, this amendment creates a loophole that you could drive a truck through by allowing dirty engines to continue to pollute our environment. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ) the chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, it is my understanding that the overall rule is supported broadly by many in the truck and the manufacturing industry. However, as any rule, there are some specifics that do need to be ironed out, and my colleague has narrowly tailored this amendment to address concerns within the EPA’s rule. So you really can’t drive a truck through it. I support this language in the Interior bill. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ on this amendment. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, this proposed language from the EPA is improper and illconceived with no regard to jobs. If the EPA is going to promulgate rules that raise the costs and hurt jobs in districts like mine, the least they can do is to have a few facts prepared to back them. Communities where these kits are manufactured are already struggling with above average unemployment, and would see more job opportunities put out of reach. Furthermore, there seems to have been little time for the glider industry to even respond and to have little to no economic consideration given prior. Our constituent, dealers and employees, glider truck owners and operators, and remanufacturing businesses will disproportionately be affected by the EPA’s decision to effectively ban the products that they sell, service, and drive. The U.S. truck industry has been a bright spot in the recovery of the national economy, and applying new standards to the gliders would increase expenses for our businesses and their drivers. Congress has recognized the value of remanufactured parts and components. The United States Senate and House of Representatives have voted overwhelmingly in support of legislation, the Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act, which was signed into law just last year, to encourage Federal agencies to consider using remanufactured parts in the Federal vehicle fleet. So it is happening in the Federal Government. This is going to affect the private sector. To restrict the usage of manufactured engines under this rulemaking appears to be counter to the congressional intent. I will reiterate that gliders, by definition, aren’t a motor vehicle, and they therefore should be used outside the EPA’s authority. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I would just restate that this amendment creates a loophole. It creates a loophole for one industry. It picks winners and losers. The winners would be one segment of the truck industry. The losers would be jobs, our health, and our environment. Mr. Chair, I ask for opposition to this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the recognition. I want to begin by saying I think the committee has done an amazing job with consistently making reductions in what they are spending. It is appropriate that we do that because we are $19.3 trillion in debt. My amendment is a very simple reduction in spending. It is a penny out of a dollar—1 percent—across the board. I know it is not popular. I know everybody says it goes too far. But this will save us $321 million—of course, not a lot when you look at the total budget, but it is very appropriate that we begin to take these steps. I think it is so interesting talking about Ronald Reagan and how he approached things. He would always say: Let’s take a little bit, a few steps at a time and begin to get behind some of this and get our economy and get our government back in shape, rightsize it. That is exactly what he did, and it paid off for our country with economic growth, making certain that our economy was growing, and that our revenues were growing. Indeed, Mr. Chairman, since that time, we have seen our country doesn’t have a revenue problem. What we have is a spending problem. What we have is a priority problem. What we fail to do time and time again is to realize that the taxpayers tell us they are overtaxed, our government is overspent, and they want us to consistently make as many spending reductions as we possibly can. So I come, once again, to the floor with this 1 percent acrosstheboard spending cut. What it will do is to make that reduction of another $321 million to build on the success the committee has already shown with coming $64 million below the 2016 enacted levels. They are to be commended for that. But let’s get in behind it. Let’s compound these savings and begin to get our fiscal house in order. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I believe that our colleagues will be treated to a rare display of bipartisan harmony on this amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose the amendment. Look, this is not a perfect bill, and there are clear differences on this amendment, but we should not be underfunding what, in my view, is already underfunded. If this amendment were to pass, we are looking at fewer patients that would be seen at the Indian Health Service, fewer safety inspectors ensuring that accidents do not occur, and deferred maintenance on our Nation’s drinking water and sanitation infrastructure. More generally, Mr. Chairman, investments in our environmental infrastructure and our public lands will be halted, and jobs will be lost. The bill is already underfunded in my view, and this amendment would not encourage the agencies to do more with less. Simply put, it would force agencies and our constituents to do less with less. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ISRAEL. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I certainly appreciate the gentlewoman’s amendment and her intent to reduce spending. As she well knows, we have reduced this bill somewhat over the years, as we have on all of the discretionary accounts that the Appropriations Committee is responsible for. This really is a decision based upon discussion regarding discretionary accounts versus nondiscretionary accounts. If we could have cut the nondiscretionary accounts as much as we have cut discretionary accounts, we could probably balance the budget plus. But unfortunately, we are not there. So I rise in opposition to this amendment. I commend my colleague for her consistent work to protect taxpayer dollars, but this is not an approach I can support. While the President’s proposed budget exceeds the bill, the increases were paid for with proposals and gimmicks that would never be enacted. This bill makes the tough choices with an allocation that adheres to the current law. We may not agree that it is enough, but that is what the current law is. So we made tradeoffs, and we have done many difficult choices to make this work. Mr. Chair, I urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b2145 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have heard every excuse that there is— always do—and I know that spending reductions are not popular around here. I get it. I know it. But let me tell you what I think also is not proper. I think that it is immoral for us to spend money that we don’t have—it is not our money; it is taxpayer money— and to spend it on programs that our constituents don’t want. I think it is also immoral for us to not get our spending under control and to pass along all this debt to our children and our grandchildren. Just think about it. My grandsons, who are 7 and 8 years old, by the time they begin paying taxes, these programs, many of them, will have outlived their usefulness. The utilization of these dollars will be gone. Do I hope we have the political will to look at the mandatory spending side of the column? Absolutely. A couple of other points. I would hope that bipartisanship will come to reducing what we spend in this Chamber, that there will be agreement that we are, indeed, overtaxed and overspent, and the fiscal health of this Nation needs to be addressed. I also think that what we need to look at is the burden of taxation has caused many of our constituents to face deferred maintenance on their homes, on their businesses, on their dreams, because they are having to pay their taxes, they are having to pay what the Federal Government takes out of those paychecks, first right of refusal on those paychecks. It also causes job loss. It is time for us to address our overspending and our national debt. I do hope we see some work on the mandatory side of the column. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, the gentlewoman notes that it is the taxpayers’ money. She is right, it is the taxpayers’ money. Taxpayers expect that their money will be spent safeguarding their infrastructure. They expect that their money will be spent on maintenance, maintaining their infrastructure. They expect that their money will be spent making sure that when they turn on the faucets in Flint, Michigan, toxic water doesn’t come out. They expect that if they have health problems, they will be able to get some monitoring and that their health will be taken care of. They expect us to spend their dollars wisely. As I said before, Mr. Chairman, this is not a perfect bill. But the chairman is correct, this bill adheres to the law. While we would say we are not investing enough, and while the chairman would say we are investing about what we have, the gentlewoman’s amendment would actually force us to do much less with even less. Those are not priorities we can support, Mr. Chairman, which is why I urge my colleagues to join the chairman and our ranking member in opposing this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . BOUSTANY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit the use of funds by the Secretary of the Interior for the purpose of implementation, administering, or enforcing any rule or guidance similar to the proposed guidance that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management released regarding financial assurances for oil and gas operations on the Outer Continental Shelf. The Federal Government currently requires American offshore oil and gas companies to buy liability bonds ranging from tens of thousands of dollars to tens of millions of dollars for every offshore lease. In August of 2014, BOEM published an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking industry input on ‘‘risk management, financial assurance, and loss prevention.’’ Inexplicably, BOEM elected to circumvent the rulemaking process it initiated and, instead, released proposed guidance in August 2015 that creates new rules that will change the way the oil and gas industry funds these decommissioning costs—also referred to as ‘‘plugging’’ or ‘‘abandonment’’—of wells, pipelines, and other facilities in the Gulf of Mexico’s Outer Continental Shelf. The Obama administration ignored warnings from stakeholders that this proposed guidance could drive many companies into bankruptcy precisely at a time when the industry is suffering from a commodity price collapse. A lot of workers in Louisiana 
and across the Gulf Coast have been laid off. BOEM has asserted that these rule changes are necessary to prevent taxpayers from being left with the tab for decommissioning work in light of a number of recent bankruptcy filings by OCS shelf operators. Ironically, BOEM’s solution will likely trigger the major risk that it is trying to protect against. If implemented, these changes will pose an existential threat to many OCS shelf operators, discourage future investment, cost thousands of jobs, and dramatically reduce the royalties to U.S. taxpayers. For example, under the new rules, each party would be assessed 100 percent on shared leases, and a joint operating agreement is no longer accepted as a reflection of actual liability. This means that if there are four companies sharing a project and it would cost an estimated $20 million to remove that particular platform, BOEM would, nevertheless, require each party to post a $20 million bond to remove the platform. It hardly seems necessary to require $80 million in bonding for a $20 million project. The new rules also require full bonding up front for all possible wells in the exploratory plan, despite the fact that the wells may never be drilled. The P&A liability, in many cases, will not accrue for many, many years. For facilities already in production, BOEM will require capital assurance for the lifetime production value of the property every year, meaning that each year a lessee will be responsible for 100 percent of the P&A liability for every production facility exploration activity in production value. In fact, many of the industry experts have expressed concern that BOEM has not even provided a clear definition of the problem that the agency is trying to solve nor has there been any justification provided as to the need for major changes to the existing regulatory framework. Experts throughout the industry remain concerned that if this proposed guidance were to be finalized, it would dramatically limit the industry’s ability to successfully explore and extract oil and gas from the Gulf of Mexico. A new rule, guidance, or any other form of notice from BOEM on supplemental bonding will stifle oil and gas production on the OCS and throughout the Gulf of Mexico. This is not in the interest of the United States. I urge adoption of my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would clearly block the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management from finalizing guidance to clarify financial assurances for oil and gas companies operating in the Outer Continental Shelf. The guidance is important because it details the procedures that will be used to determine the lessee’s financial ability to carry out its obligations so that we, the taxpayer, our constituents, can be sure that the oil company can pay for all of its costs associated with offshore drilling. The guidance is necessary to ensure that oil companies have the financial capability to properly decommission outer shelf facilities instead of abandoning them and leaving the American taxpayer, our constituents, on the hook to pay the cost. The guidance will modernize the financial assurance regulations to match the current industry practices, provide updated criteria for determining the lessee’s ability to selfinsure its liabilities based on the lessee’s financial capacity and financial strength. We should be working together to ensure that the U.S. taxpayer never pays to decommission an OCS facility and that the environment is protected at the same time. This amendment protects the special interests of Big Oil at the taxpayer’s expense, so I must protect the taxpayer and oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Louisiana has 1 minute remaining. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana for bringing this amendment up. Here is the reality. This is largely a solution in search of a problem. There has not been a single case in the history of offshore energy production where the government has been left holding the bag. It doesn’t exist. So, yes, we should be working together. Representing one of the most ecologically productive coastal areas in the United States, we are very concerned about what happens with our coastal area. But, again, we are proposing solutions in search of problems. All this is going to do is it is going to result in a decrease in competition for offshore energy production, a decrease in competition, and a decrease in revenue for the United States Treasury. This funds the Land and Water Conservation Fund, something that your side often stands up for and fights for. This has provided nearly $200 billion for the United States Treasury, one of the largest revenue streams for the United States Government outside of taxes. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment. This policy, this notice to lessees, is illadvised. It simply has been done in the dark of night, and it is a solution in search of a problem. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, we need in this day and age to make sure that the American taxpayer is protected. We have seen time and time again when environmental disasters happen and brownfields are left behind or what is going on in Flint, the taxpayer picks up the bill. I just really believe that this guidance is necessary to ensure that oil companies have the financial capability—that they have on the books the financial capability to properly decommission their Outer Continental Shelf facilities instead of abandoning them, leaving the American taxpayer to pay for the cleanup. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . BOUSTANY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 45 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment will prohibit any money being spent for the implementation or enforcement of any rule or guidance similar to the wellcontrolled rule offered by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, or BSEE. Unfortunately, according to experts throughout the oil and gas industry, many of the prescriptive requirements contained within the final wellcontrolled rule will neither improve safety nor reduce environmental risk in drilling, but will actually have unintended consequences of increasing risk beyond that of existing regulations. Additionally, the final rule will create significant additional expenses and burdens for those engaged in exploration development and production activities on the Outer Continental Shelf. Ultimately, these added economic and compliance cost tens of billions of 
dollars over 10 years, and together with other regulatory burdens, they could force some smaller operators out of business and drive larger operators from the Federal OCS toward countries with less prescriptive regulatory environments or other opportunities. This means that the negative impacts of this destructive rule will likely be felt throughout all 50 States. To my colleagues who represent States that do not have offshore development, I would argue that you should support this amendment because BSEE’s wellcontrolled rule is yet another example of the Obama administration not listening to real experts in this industry and, instead, forcing rules and regulations into place that will hurt the domestic industry and our U.S. economy. In effect, the wellcontrolled rule ultimately could increase risk and decrease safety on the Outer Continental Shelf. It is a onesizefitsall proposal that really is not realistic. b2200 It will also negatively impact the attractiveness of the Gulf of Mexico for future oil and gas investment, and it will likely result in oil and gas operators choosing to develop energy resources in other parts of the world, taking those jobs and those investment opportunities with them. As the House’s Task Forces on Reducing Regulatory Burdens and Restoring Constitutional Authority explains in its mission statement, we as a government should be working to ‘‘make it easier to invest, produce, and build in America with a modern and transparent regulatory system that relieves the burden on small businesses and other job creators and encourages financial independence while balancing environmental stewardship, public safety, and consumer interests.’’ BSEE’s well control rule does not do this. America cannot continue to be the global energy leader without policies that foster this kind of innovation, investment, and development of our energy resources. Safety, not convenience, must always be the driving force behind these initiatives. BSEE’S well control rule not only leaves industry with numerous questions about compliance, but it also has experts concerned that these new measures will increase risk. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I am surprised this amendment is being offered because there is already a rider in the bill that pretty much accomplishes what the gentleman’s amendment would do. Let’s be clear what this amendment does. It reverses the safety improvements that were developed following the Deepwater Horizon tragedy. It would delay or prevent the implementation of a rule that was developed directly from the recommendations of numerous investigations. There was a full investigation. These are the recommendations from it. The investigations were conducted by industry experts, and they determined the actual cause of the Deepwater Horizon tragedy and the impact on the Gulf of Mexico and on the surrounding States and on the local communities, as we heard Ms. CASTOR from Florida talk about earlier. Many of the requirements of this rule are not new. They were already in existence as industry standards, notice to lessees and guidance and equipment and operation requirements that were already part of the regulation. What the rule does is consolidates these requirements into one section and makes them enforceable—yes, enforceable. The Department of the Interior estimates that the regulation amendment blocks would prevent between $657 million and $4.4 billion of damage caused by well blowouts over 10 years. Most importantly, this estimate does not take into account the human element of these protections. I think we can all agree that you cannot put a price on human life. The Deepwater Horizon was a tragic event. Eleven lives were lost in that explosion. It is unconscionable that this amendment, once again, looks to put the profits of big oil companies ahead of workers’ safety; so I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Louisiana has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman from Louisiana for yielding and also for bringing up this amendment. Let’s talk about reality versus fiction. Here is the reality. The reality is that these regulations have not been out there. They were not subject to investigations and studies. I was the lead trustee for the State of Louisiana. I was the tip of the spear who was fighting BP during the entire Deepwater Horizon, and I was the natural resource manager for the coast of Louisiana under which over 600 miles of our coast was oiled. I appreciate the gentleman for stepping in and trying to defend our environment and our resources. For the constituents whom I represent who lost family members, the reality is this: 60 percent of the wells since the Deepwater Horizon couldn’t even be drilled under this proposed rule. The reality is that the Department of the Interior’s cost estimate said it was going to cost $883 million to comply with when a private study said it was going to be $93 billion. The reality is this: you have a bunch of bureaucrats who are sitting around in a vacuum who have no idea what they are doing and who are proposing things under the auspices of safety but that actually threaten the lives of our citizens in south Louisiana who are producing energy for this Nation—in fact, approximately 17 percent of the energy for the United States. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 3 minutes remaining. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, in closing, that is why I do not understand the redundancy, the duplicity—why we keep doing this over and over and over again. This bill already undoes a lot of what the regulation would do to protect the environment and to protect workers’ safety. I read from the bill at page 69, line 4, section 124, and this is about drilling margins: ‘‘None of the funds made available in this act or any other act for any fiscal year may be used to develop, adopt, implement, administer, or enforce any change to regulations and guidance.’’ It goes on. This amendment would reverse the safety improvements that were developed following the Deepwater Horizon tragedy, something to which, I think, America said no more: no more loss of life, no impact like this on our environment. I oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chair, in Louisiana, we understand quite clearly how good environmental policy, economic policy, energy policy march hand in hand. We also know that the men and women who work on these rigs are our friends, our neighbors, our family, and safety is first. We also know from experts across the industry that this proposed rule is a onesize fitsall proposal that increases risk. It makes it more risky, and we will not stand to allow this rule to go forward. That is why I urge the adoption of this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–683 on 
which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. HIMES of Connecticut. Amendment No. 8 by Mr. ELLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 9 by Mr. NORCROSS of New Jersey. Amendment No. 10 by Mr. BEYER of Virginia. Amendment No. 11 by Mr. HUFFMAN  of California. Amendment No. 12 by Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Amendment No. 13 by Mr. HUFFMAN  of California. Amendment No. 14 by Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Amendment No. 20 by Mr. PALMER of Alabama. Amendment No. 21 by Mr. BENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. Amendment No. 22 by Mrs. DINGELL  of Michigan. Amendment No. 27 by Mr. CARTWRIGHT of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 28 by Mr. BECERRA of California. Amendment No. 29 by Mr. PETERS of California. Amendment No. 31 by Mr. PETERS of California. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 197, noes 225, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bishop (UT) Dold Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Wilson (FL) 
b2229 Messrs. HANNA, GUTIE´RREZ, and FITZPATRICK changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 417, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . HIMES  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 241, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro Dent Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—9 
DeSaulnier Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia) (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2231 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 251, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—251 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2236 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 143, noes 282, not voting 8, as follows: 
Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Bustos Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Garrett Gibson Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Higgins Himes Hinojosa Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kind Kuster Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—282 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stewart Stivers Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2239 Mr. GARRETT changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 190, noes 235, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2242 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 240, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2245 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 237, not voting 10, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—10 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Joyce Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2249 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 244, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2252 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 208, noes 217, not voting 8, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—217 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walters, Mimi Walz 
Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2255 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 175, noes 250, not voting 8, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOES—250 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2258 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote No. 426 on H.R. 5538, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BEN RAYLUJA´N) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 219, noes 207, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gosar Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch Maloney, Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—7 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2302 Mr. SIRES and Ms. MCSALLY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 170, noes 256, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—256 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2305 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 195, noes 231, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—7 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2308 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . BECERRA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 190, noes 236, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2311 Mr. CURBELO of Florida changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 244, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2314 Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 185, noes 241, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2317 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 820 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5538. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) kindly take the chair. b2321 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 114–683 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . BRAT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5538, Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Mr. Speaker, the Land and Water Conservation Fund requires property acquired and developed with the LWCF assistance to be retained and used for public outdoor recreation. Any property so acquired and/or developed may not be converted to other uses without approval of the National Park Service, NPS, indefinitely. Federal funding through the LWCF grant shouldn’t let the NPS enforce conditions on the use of State and local lands forever. A quid pro quo condition in exchange for funds for some period might be reasonable, but eventually federalism needs to kick in again. This amendment would prevent the NPS from enforcing the conditions on an LWCF grant for a 20year period. This allows the State or locality to use its property as it sees fit, without needing permission from the NPF. After a generation or more, it is only reasonable for State and local governments to reassess land use on behalf of their citizens. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to put our constituents back in control of local matters. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment nullifies the terms of the Land and Water Conservation Fund contracts that are more than 20 years old. When States, counties, and other municipal governments receive funds from the LWCF State assistance grant program, they do so with the understanding that the land acquired with these funds will be used for public recreation purposes in perpetuity. If they no longer need the land for this purpose, there is an established administrative process that allows for a simple conversion. Since LWCF’s establishment over 50 years ago, this conversion process has been successfully executed thousands of times. Under this amendment, however, any parcel acquired more than 20 years ago could be converted to private use or even sold on the open market without any compensation to the American taxpayer. This is a misguided outcome, Mr. Chairman. Our constituents deserve a fair return on their investment, and we shouldn’t allow one town’s unwillingness to play by the rules to upend 50 years of success. I urge my colleagues to defend the integrity of the LWCF and reject this amendment. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I agree with the comments just made by the gentleman from New York. The LWCF, these local communities know what they are entering into when they enter into it. And if they choose to do that, they have the right to do that and they have to live by the decisions that they have made. We have a lot of LWCF projects in communities that I have lived in in Idaho, and they get the benefit of that LWCF. I will tell you, if there is a local problem that the gentleman would like to deal with, I know that the committee and the chairman of the committee would be more than willing to work with you to try to address that and try to address the concerns that the local community has because there is a way that, yes, with the agreement of the Federal Government, they can get out of the deals that they have made. I know, in my community, we had an indoor swimming pool that was actually built for our community. It was a great thing. It became very expensive when the price of energy went up. They wanted to take the roof off of the indoor swimming pool so it wasn’t indoor anymore, and the Federal Government wouldn’t let them. Now, we are glad they didn’t. So these decisions are made for a very good reason. I would oppose the amendment, and I agree with the gentleman from New York. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, the distinguished leader of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Idaho, and the ranking member from Minnesota agree that this amendment would have a misguided outcome. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 47 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to speak about this important amendment to the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. This amendment protects private property in southeast Colorado by prohibiting the use of funds for the creation or expansion of environmental or cultural protection areas. These zones, often known as national heritage areas, are just another backdoor method for the government to impose Federal zoning on private property. The heritage areas amount to a forced conservation agreement for private landowners. An appointed management entity imposes its views and ideas on the property holders, changing the way they can use their property without compensating them. Private property is an essential element of a free democracy. The citizens of Southeast Colorado have fought this government overreach for years now, desperate to save their farms and ranches that have been passed down for generations. This amendment will ensure that private property rights are restored in southeast Colorado. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment stops the Department of the Interior from entering into cooperative agreements or providing financial assistance of any kind for the purpose of protecting natural, cultural, or historic resources in several counties in southeast Colorado. It is my understanding that the sponsor aims to preemptively prevent an expansion of the Federal footprint in his district, specifically due to concerns with the application of Executive Order No. 13287. I would remind the sponsor that the Preserve America Executive Order was issued by President George W. Bush, a Republican, and emphasizes private public partnerships that limit, not expand, Federal ownership. If there are specific concerns about Federal management in the region, the sponsor, I hope, would work with the authorizing committee to make sure they are addressed, not use the appropriations process to wall off a section of the country from partnering with the Federal Government to preserve its historic, cultural, and natural resources. That is why I oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, again, I would urge opposition to this amendment. There are opportunities for the gentleman to work with the authorizing committee. The Appropriations Committee should not be used as a vehicle to wall off sections of specific areas. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). The amendment was agreed to. b2330 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I rise this evening to offer an amendment on an issue that I have worked on, as well as the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for the last 6 years. In 2006, the Committee on Appropriations, without consultation with the Committee on Energy and Commerce, included a provision in the annual InteriorEPA appropriations bill to allow the Environmental Protection Agency to begin using a special pay program that was explicitly and exclusively authorized for use by the Public Health Service Administration under the Department of Health and Human Services. This special pay mechanism allows a government employee to leave the normal GS pay scale and receive nearly uncapped compensation. This special provision was intended to be used only in unique circumstances for leaders in the healthcare industry who would never leave the private sector to work for the Federal Government but for special higher salaries. This justification can never be used at the EPA. Indeed, some of the employees that the Environmental Protection Agency pays under title 42, the part of the U.S. Code that allows for this special pay, were previous government workers and were merely moved to the special pay scale because they wanted more money. The Environmental Protection Agency claims that, because the EPA is a health organization, it may use this statute to pay special hires; and the Committee on Appropriations has agreed to let them, despite the authorizing committee’s objection. Originally, the EPA was granted only a handful of slots to fill with title 42 hires. That number has now ballooned to over 50. The cost to the taxpayers for these employees is tens of millions of dollars. That is unconscionable. This amendment would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from hiring any new employees under title 42 or transferring any current employees from the GS scale to title 42. It would not affect current employees being paid by this provision. This would give the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the authorizing committee, the time it needs to address whether the EPA truly deserves this special pay consideration. The General Accountability Office looked into HHS’ abuse of title 42 several years ago and found problems with the implementation of the program. That is within the Department of Health and Human Services, where it arguably could be allowed. Why would Congress ever allow the Environmental Protection Agency to implement the same problematic pay structure? In multiple hearings in the Committee on Energy and Commerce, both Administrator Lisa Jackson and Gina McCarthy refused to give specifics regarding the program. A Freedom of Information Act request by the EPA union, the American Federation of Government Employees, sent to my office showed that title 42 hires at EPA are sowing dissent among the workers, with the union asking the Congress stop this abusive and unfair hiring technique. Both Chairman Emeritus BARTON and I have introduced legislation further clarifying that the Public Health Services Act, written for HHS, does not permit the EPA to use this language to hire employees under a special pay structure. I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, title 42 authority is a flexible hiring mechanism that allows agencies to attract and retain staff with outstanding scientific, technical, and clinical skills. It is not always easy for the Federal Government to attract highlevel professionals who have invested many years in school and can easily make more in private practice or even in academia, and that is why the Federal Government needs to allow these agencies to provide some additional incentives to recruit these employees. With our Nation facing so many crises like Zika, we really should be investing in our scientists. This amendment unfairly attacks Federal employees who devote their life to public service. I urge defeat of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ). Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time remains. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) has 11⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman from Tarrant County and Denton County for offering this amendment. I am a cosponsor. It is unconscionable that we are using a provision in Federal law that was first passed during World War II to give a handful of elite medical professionals the capability to get a little bit more than the average Federal pay scale. This has ballooned over at the EPA, and, as has been pointed out, as far as we know, there are in the neighborhood of 50 people who are now getting this aboveaverage pay. We ought to be eliminating the program. We ought to be just putting the nail through the coffin in this program at EPA. Instead, because of the generosity of my good friend, Dr. BURGESS , he is just saying don’t hire any more. Surely this House of Representatives, with a $500 billion budget deficit, can see it within our heart to accept the Burgess amendment and let us in the 
authorizing committee hold hearings and hopefully next year pass a law that puts an end to this program. I rise in strong support of the Burgess amendment and would ask for its adoption. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, we have such an array of public health and science emergencies: we have Zika; we have Ebola; we have public health emergencies; we have pandemics, epidemics. Now is the time for us to recruit the best and the brightest in the scientific community. Title 42 gives us the ability to do that. This amendment would undermine that ability, and it should be defeated. Mr. BARTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ISRAEL. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BARTON. Does the gentleman understand that we are talking about people at EPA? We are not talking about public health in the HHS. We are talking about EPA. Mr. ISRAEL. Reclaiming my time, the EPA uses scientists engaged in research on pesticides. It uses scientists engaged in other healthrelated emergencies. We have a difference of opinion as to how to deploy those scientists, where to deploy those scientists. I, as a Member of Congress, don’t want to make that decision. I want to make sure that the Federal Government is deploying the scientific community across a broad range of challenges, which is why I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to introduce this amendment, along with two of my colleagues, Representatives CHARLES BOUSTANY and GARRET GRAVES , both of Louisiana. My straightforward amendment would prohibit any effort to redirect funds allocated under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, also referred to as GOMESA. GOMESA was passed in 2006 and created a revenuesharing agreement for offshore oil revenue between the Federal Government and four States in the Gulf of Mexico: Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. Under GOMESA, a certain percentage of the revenues generated from selected oil and gas lease sales in the Outer Continental Shelf of the Gulf of Mexico are returned to the Gulf States. This money must be used in coastal areas for important purposes like coastal restoration and hurricane preparedness. There is a reason the law was structured this way. These Gulf States not only provide a significant share of the infrastructure and workforce for the industry in the Gulf, but they also have inherent environmental and economic risks. Unfortunately, in his budget proposal this year, President Obama recommended the money be taken away from the Gulf States and instead be spread around the country to implement his radical climate agenda. Not only does this proposal directly contradict the current Federal statute, it vastly undermines the purpose of this law: to keep revenues from these lease sales in the States that supply the workforce and have the inherent risk of a potential environmental disaster. This is not the first time the President has made this proposal, and so far Congress has stood strong in opposition. I hope we will do so again today. My simple amendment will support our coastal communities on the Gulf Coast while preserving the rule of law. We should not allow the President to turn our revenuesharing agreements into a slush fund for politically driven climate projects. I urge my colleagues to support this straightforward amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is simply an overreaction to a policy proposal in the administration’s fiscal year 2017 budget request. The budget request proposed to redirect funds currently allocated to payments to States and shift them toward Federal programs that serve the Nation more broadly. b2340 The proposal wasn’t included in the bill because the Committee on Appropriations rejected it. The appropriation process is just that, it is a process. The administration submitted a proposal, the committee evaluated it, and the power to accept or reject the proposal lay with the committee. This amendment would unnecessarily stifle any proposal to amend the current formula, which is unnecessary, because Congress would need to enact legislation before any changes could be made to the formula. The Department of the Interior does not have the authority to change the formula through rulemaking or other administrative action. Basically, Mr. Chairman, this would prohibit the Department from even suggesting an idea for Congress to consider. I urge my colleagues to preserve the integrity of the appropriations process and the Committee on the Appropriations and oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to provide some context here. Under the Mineral Leasing Act, States shared in 50 percent of the revenues from production of energy on Federal lands—in the State of Alaska, it is actually 90 percent of the revenues—up until 2006, when we reached a bipartisan agreement to share not 50 percent, not 90 percent, but 37
1⁄2percent of the revenues associated with offshore energy production. 2006. The revenue sharing, in effect, doesn’t actually turn on until next year. These funds in the State of Louisiana are dedicated by our constitution to restoring the coast, restoring our coastal wetlands, improving the sustainability of our communities that have been pounded by hurricanes in recent years. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is actually designed to save taxpayers dollars to restore our coastal ecosytem that has been destroyed. And to allow the administration year after year to come in and create this air of uncertainty by attempting to rescind these funds and treating us differently than they treat all the other States that produce onshore is simply bad policy and it creates uncertainty for efforts to restore coastal Louisiana, which has lost 1,900 square miles as a result of Federal actions in the State of Louisiana. I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, this administration has been reversed by the United States Supreme Court more than any other administration in the history of the United States of America. There is nothing that this administration won’t do to further its radical agenda, including going against the clear statement of a statute of the United States Congress. So we have to have language that affirmatively tells them they can’t spend this money. Otherwise, they will take the radical step of going against a Federal statute and cynically wait on the United States Supreme Court to tell them they can’t do it. 
So that is why we have to have this. This is very important not just to the Gulf States, but to the rule of law in the United States of America. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, there is nothing radical about any administration, Democrat or Republican, making a decision, making a rule that would shift funds from specific States to broader national purposes. I understand the gentleman’s and his colleagues’ concern for this particular policy, but this is an overreach, Mr. Chairman. This amendment would prohibit the Department from even suggesting an idea for Congress to consider. This is not worthy of the appropriations process. It ought to be considered as part of a broader approach by the gentleman, not in this bill, and I urge defeat of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk related to the National Ocean Policy. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to introduce this amendment with two of my colleagues, Representative BILLFLORES of Texas and Representative JOHN FLEMING of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I represent coastal Alabama, and I have spent my entire life living on the Gulf Coast. Like many of my friends and neighbors, my family has always enjoyed fishing, swimming, boating, and spending time in the Gulf of Mexico. It is safe to say that living on the Gulf becomes a way of life. For some people, the Gulf also provides for economic wellbeing, whether through the commercial seafood industry, tourism, or something else. No one is a better steward of the shores and our waters than those of us who live and work in the Gulf. Since the water provides our way of life and our economic wellbeing, we are going to do everything we can to protect and preserve our resources. We don’t need the Federal Government to tell us what to do. That is why I am so concerned by the National Ocean Policy, which was created under President Obama’s Executive Order No. 13547 in 2010. The policy requires that various bureaucracies work together to ‘‘zone the ocean’’ and the sources thereof, largely affecting the ways in which we utilize our ocean resources. The National Ocean Policy is executive overreach at its very worst. The policy not only restricts ocean and inland activities, but it redirects Federal money away from congressionally directed priorities for over 20 Federal agencies that meet as part of the National Ocean Council, tasked with implementing the National Ocean Policy—a council that has no statutory authority to exist and no congressional appropriation. Numerous and varied industries will suffer as a result of this wellmeaning but illconceived policy, including but not limited to agriculture, energy, fisheries, mining, and marine retail enterprises, just to name a few. Those who are affected most by the policy don’t have a say or any representation in the rulemaking process. There is no current system of oversight in place for the regional planning agencies created as an arm of the National Ocean Council. I urge my colleagues to stand up for our coastal communities, say no to more executive overreach, and support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the ByrneFlores amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I disagree with my colleague. I think that the National Ocean Policy is a vital tool that we have to help ensure that our coastal communities and their stakeholders work together and coordinate their ideas and make plans to achieve local goals. I think as a Congress we need to recognize the importance of our oceans and ocean planning. Unfortunately, each year, we come to the floor of this body on various appropriations bills to defend the vital work of the National Ocean Policy. We have debated over 15 riders on this issue in the past two Congresses. Instead, we ought to be talking about the progress that our local communities are making on ocean planning. In New England, we are actually making progress. And this year, we have the New England regional ocean plan to be proud of. No process is perfect, I will give you that, but at least we have begun the discussion. Fisherman, lobstermen, and other community leaders have been included in the development of these voluntary regional ocean plans. I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided attempt to stop the National Ocean Policy and the important work it does. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, we have heard the phrase ‘‘land grab.’’ This is an ocean grab. There is no cooperation here. This is dictation by the Federal Government to people that live along the coast of the United States of America. It is time to take our oceans and the water of the United States back, not for the bureaucrats in Washington, but for the people of the United States. That is who actually owns this water, not some faceless bureaucrat in Washington who wants to tell us what to do. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment and take back control of our oceans for the people of the United States and not allow it to be directed by bureaucrats in Washington who couldn’t care less what we feel like on the coast. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), my good friend and colleague. b2350 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, and in support of the National Ocean Policy established by President Obama, an issue also championed by our junior Senator from Rhode Island, Senator SHELDON WHITEHOUSE . Far from being government overreach, National Ocean Policy is an excellent example of how government engages and partners with our States and local communities. In the Northeast, we recently celebrated the release of the draft Northeast Ocean plan for management of Federal waters off the coast of New England. Since 2012, the Regional Planning Body has worked with our constituents to build a plan that will be responsive to our region’s needs. This type of collaboration would not have been possible without the implementation of the National Ocean Policy, which requires agencies to work together in a more efficient and collaborative manner. Due to this important program, we are now moving toward a more effective use of our common ocean resources. Mr. Chairman, our oceans are enjoyed and utilized by beachgoers, commercial fishermen, boaters, recreational anglers, wind farms, and others. With proper collaboration, these mixed uses can thrive. 
So I ask all of my colleagues to oppose this amendment. By supporting National Ocean Policy, we can continue to engage our citizens, effectively use our resources, and ensure that our ocean is sustainable for years to come. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, would you please give me a sense of how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Rhode Island for once again describing what is a very important policy. I have to disagree with my colleague from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). I do not think that this is Federal topdown. In fact, I think this is better decisionmaking, bottomsup, not topdown. It gives opportunities for local communities to have an input. I want to unequivocally state that we spend no money on ocean planning. The NOP does not create any Federal regulations or supersede any local or State regulations. But what it does do is it leverages taxpayer dollars to reduce duplication between Federal, State and local agencies, to streamline data collection, and to strengthen public involvement. That is exactly what we want to have happen in our coastal communities. Our oceans and coasts support 3 million oceanrelated jobs, generate $360 billion through tourism, development, commercial fishing, recreational fishing, boating, energy, shipping, and other activities. This is a very effective planning tool to reconcile and coordinate those activities. It does not prevent them. And just in closing, I will say that my colleague from Alabama may look at this one way, but I represent the State of Maine, which has a tremendous amount of coastline. I represent about half the coastline off the coast of Maine, and I have also represented many coastal communities prior to coming to Congress as a State legislator. I live on an island. I take a ferry for 1 hour to get home, unlike virtually any other Member of Congress. Everybody in my community is dependent on the ocean. Every island I represent is dependent on the ocean. Every coastal community has to have a working waterfront, fishermen. It has to have tourism, fishing, all of them working together. I don’t think that in the State of Maine we don’t understand ocean planning. We know our oceans are desperately troubled. They are in danger. They need our attention, and Congress has to pay attention to that. We can’t do this in a haphazard way. We have to have it coordinated. So I ask my colleagues to oppose this rider, as we have many, many times, and to support National Ocean Policy. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 51 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Dakota. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, in February of 2014, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking called— and it is important to know what it is called—Management of NonFederal Oil and Gas Rights. In December of last year, the proposed rule was posted and comments were due in February of this year. Mr. Chairman, States—States, not the Federal Government, States— largely regulate oil and gas operations except in circumstances where the Federal Government has ownership of the mineral rights. That obviously is not the case in this rule, given its title. Where there is Federal ownership, it is the Bureau of Land Management that has regulatory authority. And for an agency that has hundreds of personnel and decades of experience, even they have a hard time keeping up with the workload and maintaining adequate expertise in their agency. But, Mr. Chairman, not only do States have the authority and the expertise to regulate oil and gas industry, they have the most natural and obvious incentive to do it well. The State regulators live in the States where the minerals reside. Now, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service does not have the personnel or the expertise to regulate oil and gas operations, as demonstrated by GAO recommendations. Concerns outlined by the Fish and Wildlife Service are concerns that are addressed by several other regulatory bodies, including State regulators and, therefore, any attempt by Fish and Wildlife Service to also regulate would be redundant and duplicative. Enough already with redundant and duplicative regulations. The added regulation will only serve to increase the delays and the costs to U.S. energy producers and, consequently, ultimately to the consumers. Mr. Chairman, my amendment simply prevents funding to move this job killing rule any further, and I encourage my colleagues to support jobs by voting ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, this new rule updates 50yearold regulations that govern the exercise of non Federal oil and gas rights within refuge units. The objectives of this new rule are to improve the effectiveness of the regulations so that they can protect refuge resources and values, and provide clarity for both operators and for the service. Updating this regulation avoids regulatory uncertainty, providing more clarity and guidance to oil and gas operators and refuge staff, instituting a simple process for compliance, and incorporating technological improvements in exploration and drilling technology, ensures that nonFederal oil and gas operations are conducted in a manner that avoids or minimizes impacts to refuge resources. This amendment prohibits the service from making positive advances and allowing nonFederal oil and gas operations to occur on refuge lands, while protecting these natural habitats for the benefit of future generations. I strongly oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, I would just respond to my colleague’s concern by stating that the concerns that he raises, that the Fish and Wildlife Service raises, are legitimate concerns. But they are concerns that are already being addressed by other regulatory bodies, including the States who have both the legal authority and the expertise as well as, as I said earlier, the natural incentive to do it well. It is where they live. I think it is also important to understand that it is sort of private property law 101, that the minerals are often bifurcated from the surface, and that is the case we are talking about. And in that case, at least in North Dakota, the minerals supersede, actually, the surface rights. So this rule conflicts with not only common sense, but even with basic private property law. I, again, urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and assure my colleagues that the concerns raised are being addressed by other regulatory bodies. Duplication is not necessary. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I would just point out that what this rule is 
about is nonFederal operators operating on refuge lands, and I think part of our job should be to make sure that the Fish and Wildlife Service can do their job. I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 52 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. b0000 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment in defense of agricultural producers across the country who continue to face the heavy hand of EPA regulations. The EPA’s Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule for onfarm fuel storage requires farmers and ranchers to make costly infrastructure improvements to their oil storage facilities to reduce the possibility of an oil spill. These regulations fail to take into account, however, the relative risk of oil spills on farms, and they do not recognize the simple fact that family farmers are already careful stewards of the land and water. It is clear that no one has more at stake in the health of their land than those who work on the ground from which they derive their livelihoods. Even if EPA wants to resist common sense, USDA actually studied risk of oil spills on farms. It determined that more than 99 percent of farmers have never experienced a spill. In the 2014 Water Resources Development Act, we made modifications to the exemption threshold and required EPA to go back to the drawing board and conduct a study to determine how to balance the needs of financial resources of small producers with their assessed spill risk. Instead, the EPA defied Congress’ wishes and hastily put together a study without evaluating risk specific to agriculture. It offered the same unsubstantiated conclusions that it found in the original SPCC rule and could not cite a single incident of a spill on a farm. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment prohibits the EPA from enforcing its Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule against farms, giving special interest to one industry. The EPA’s spill rule is not based upon the type of facility or type of operations, but upon the storage of oil or petroleum products. If you store greater than 1,320 gallons and if a discharge from aboveground storage would reach waterways, you fall under these regulations and must develop and implement a spill prevention plan. Now, some large farm operations store up to 60,000 gallons of fuel in one location, and it is reckless to not require them to have some sort of spill response plan. EPA has already made efforts to accommodate farms and made compliance with the rule easier. The Agency amended its rule to provide a selfcertification option for the facilities, including farms that store under 10,000 gallons of oil, thereby avoiding the expense of a professional engineer. EPA also provided a template for a spill control plan for farmers to use. Compliance with this rule is not difficult or costly. In fact, about 95 percent of farms subject to the rule are eligible to selfcertify their spill prevention plans. This amendment could have devastating consequences and harmful impacts on our Nation’s waterways. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, to require that all of our producers make a significant investment to prevent such an unlikely event seems out of touch with reality and disregards the already overwhelming number of safeguards our farmers already employ. My amendment would restrict the EPA’s ability to enforce SPCC regulations on farms so that farmers and ranchers can go about their business of producing America’s food and fiber without having to worry about unnecessary compliance costs and red tape. Let me say that on three separate occasions, the House unanimously passed my bipartisan legislation, the FUELS Act, which rolled back these same SPCC regulations on farms. We passed this same amendment during last year’s consideration of the Interior and environmental appropriations bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to again support our farmers and ranchers and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I once again reiterate my opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, first let me start by thanking the gentleman from Washington for joining me as a cosponsor of this amendment. Our amendment is simple. It prohibits the EPA and other agencies from using funds in violation of a longstanding law, formally known as the AntiLobbying Act. Earlier this year, the Government Accountability Office ruled that the EPA violated the law by engaging in grassroots solicitation intended to urge the public to support the waters of the United States rule, a vast expansion of Federal jurisdiction. The GAO found that EPA went to unprecedented lengths using social media and other online tools to manufacture public support for the rule and to sway the opinions of Members of Congress. GAO cited two specific violations by the EPA that occurred during the critical time when the Agency was preparing the final WOTUS rule. The first violation was an effort through an Internet tool called Thunderclap which enabled the EPA to reach 1.8 million people who simultaneously shared a message supporting the WOTUS rule. Not only did EPA write the message itself, but it disseminated the message covertly, failing to identify itself as the author. Secondly, the GAO found that EPA violated the law by hyperlinking its own Web site to an outside advocacy group’s grassroots campaign effort. The site asked members of the public to take action by contacting their Members of Congress using a form letter written in support of the WOTUS rule. These unprecedented actions were crafted by the EPA in a deliberate effort to undermine Congress and advance its extremist environmental agenda. Even though the independent, nonpartisan GAO ruled EPA’s actions 
clearly violated the law, nobody at EPA was ever held accountable, and no appropriate remedial action has been taken to prevent this from happening again. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, maybe the gentleman is aware, or maybe perhaps you are not aware, that there is an existing prohibition on lobbying that applies to all Federal employees that has been in place since 1919. I can cite it for you. So, in my opinion, this is unnecessary and redundant. I would also remind my colleagues that Federal employees are not prohibited from providing information to Congress on legislation, policies, or programs. But there must be an open dialogue between legislative and executive branches to ensure laws are being implemented appropriately and that programs achieve their intended goals. We cannot, or we should not, operate in an information vacuum. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, as I indicated before, the GAO cited two specific violations by the EPA that did, in fact, violate the AntiLobbying Act that was mentioned by my colleague from Minnesota. That occurred during a critical time, as I indicated before. The AntiLobbying Act allows agencies to promote their own policies, but it prohibits them from engaging in covert propaganda efforts intended to influence the American public. Our amendment simply reinforces this important law. It will prevent agencies like the EPA from undermining Congress through the use of publicity and propaganda tools that interfere with the lawmaking process. The amendment serves as another important reminder to executive agencies of its proper constitutional role. Congress, not unaccountable Agency bureaucrats, is responsible for writing the laws that our citizens must live by. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, there is an existing prohibition on lobbying. We have agreed with that. It applies to all Federal employees, and it has been in place since 1919. If a Federal employee breaks that, then a Federal employee needs to be held accountable. So, in closing, Mr. Chairman, I believe we do not need an extraneous, redundant provision to a bill that is already overburdened with harmful legislative riders. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 54 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, it is truly unfortunate that I actually have to offer this amendment. You would think an Office of Congressional Affairs that was set up to specifically deal with Members of Congress, our staff, and the different committees that all of us populate would be able to respond to simple questions. I had a very eloquent speech put together, but it is getting very late out here in Washington, D.C., so I am going to condense it. The bottom line is, Mr. Chairman, over 2 years ago, I offered language in the farm bill to create a specific committee on the Science Advisory Board to deal with agriculture to make sure that somebody in a concrete building out here in Washington, D.C., was able to actually be at the table when the EPA came up with a rule to regulate milk spills like oil spills. b0010 I wish somebody would have raised their hands and said, Which one can you clean up with cats? Mr. Chairman, since the public comment deadline ended on September 8, 2015, the EPA has failed to appoint one single person. Also, over 30 questions were submitted by Republicans and Democrats from the House Agriculture Committee in February after Gina McCarthy, the Administrator of the EPA, came to testify at a hearing, and we have yet to get a single response. Time and time again, Mr. Chairman, I have asked the same questions over and over to many people at the EPA in numerous committees that I serve on, and time and time again, we get nothing. We get crickets. It is an unfortunate situation that we have to go to this extreme, but it is the only way that we can send a message to an office in an agency that is completely unresponsive to this institution and our constitutional responsibilities of oversight. It is wrong. Their lack of responsiveness is not only disrespectful, it is unconstitutional. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I want the gentleman to know that I, at times, have shared his frustration with getting answers back from the administration. His amendment, I think, is going to get everybody’s attention. Unfortunately, his amendment seeks to restrict the information provided from the EPA by just eliminating the funding for the Office of Congressional/Legislative Affairs. I use that office quite a bit. Sometimes I agree with them, sometimes I don’t, but we have a dialogue going forward. In order to make educated and informed decisions on environmental legislation, I believe Congress should have all of the material available, including from the administration. What I am hearing from the gentleman is that they are not responding to him in an adequate fashion. I hear his passion in this and, at times, I have shared his frustration. I would suggest that we work together to figure out ways to improve communication dialogue and hold them accountable when they don’t get it—put a bright spotlight on it—but I oppose eliminating it. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague. I appreciate her frustration. I hope she would advocate on behalf of not just me, but the entire House Agriculture Committee, that gets zero response. It is not just the House Ag Committee, it is our House T&I Committee. It is individual congressional offices that don’t have that interaction. There is such a lack of action that I didn’t take this amendment lightly. We came here to the floor tonight this late because there is a lack of respect and constitutional responsibility coming from this agency of the executive branch. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter to the EPA dated June 14, 2016. 
JUNE14, 2016. Hon. GINAMCCARTHY , Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency, Washington, DC. DEAR ADMINISTRATOR MCCARTHY , We are frustrated and concerned that in over two years, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has failed to create the Agriculture Related Committee within its Science Advisory Board (SAB). On February 7, 2014, the Agricultural Act of 2014 was signed into law 
(Pub.L. 113–79). Section 12307 of the Act directed the EPA to ‘‘establish a standing agriculturerelated committee’’ to provide farmers a stronger voice in the federal rule making process regarding regulations which impact agriculture. On December 10, 2014, nearly one year after this provision was signed into law, the EPA released a Federal Register Notice announcing its establishment of the SAB Agricultural Science Committee and set a deadline of January 26, 2015, to nominate members. On January 26, 2015, the EPA extended the nomination deadline to March 30, 2015. Eventually, on August 19, 2015, after creating a list of 88 potential candidates, the EPA invited public comment on the candidates. Since the public comment deadline on September 8, 2015, the EPA has failed, despite numerous requests, to keep Members, who supported this important provision, informed of meaningful actions or updates regarding the process. Our questions regarding the implementation of the committee have been met with empty responses, which point to a further delayed implementation process. To our knowledge, all other components of the Act have been successfully implemented. Unfortunately, the EPA’s inability to timely execute the creation of the Agriculture Science Committee, pursuant to Section 12307, has only fueled the growing disconnect between the agriculture community in rural America and the EPA. To bridge this gap, it is vital the EPA establish the Agriculture Science Committee. Please respond to this request providing when you anticipate publishing the final candidate list. Thank you for your consideration of this request and we look forward to your prompt reply. Sincerely, Rodney Davis; Suzan DelBene; Mike Conaway; Collin C. Peterson; David Rouzer; Kurt Schrader; Tim Walz; Randy Neugebauer; Mike Bost; Doug LaMalfa; Austin Scott; Vicky Hartzler; Frank Lucas; Dan Newhouse; Trent Kelly; Bob Goodlatte; Scott DesJarlais, M.D.; Brad Ashford; David Scott; Cheri Bustos; Bob Gibbs; Ted S. Yoho, DVM; Steve King; Jackie Walorski; Glenn ‘GT’ Thompson; Filemon Vela; Ann Kirkpatrick; Mike D. Rogers; Ralph Abraham, MD; Ann McLane Kuster; Richard M. Nolan; Michelle Lujan Grisham; John Moolenaar; Gwen Graham. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have got 11 people on this letter wondering why they haven’t appointed a single person to the Science Advisory Board Committee that is supposed to deal with agricultural issues that was written in the farm bill that passed in 2014. I hate to do this amendment, but it is the only way we can send a message to the EPA and to the specific office that Congress means business in actually implementing our oversight responsibilities that the Constitution gives us that our Forefathers gave us. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment Nos. 55 and 56 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 57 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, this evening, I rise to urge support for my amendment which would reaffirm and preserve the rights of the States to write their own water quality plans. My amendment simply prohibits the EPA from using its Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load and the so called watershed implementation plans to hijack States’ water quality strategies. Over the last several years, the EPA has implemented a total maximum daily load, or TMDL, blueprint for the six States in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, which strictly limits the amount of nutrients that can enter the Chesapeake Bay. Through its implementation, the EPA has basically given every State in the watershed an ultimatum—either the State does exactly what the EPA says, or it faces the threat of an EPA takeover of its water quality programs. Congress intended that the implementation of the Clean Water Act be a collaborative approach through which the States and the Federal Government work together. This process was not meant to be subject to the whims of politicians and bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. Therefore, my amendment instructs the EPA to respect the important role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act. I want to make it perfectly clear that my amendment would not stop the EPA from working with the States to restore the Chesapeake Bay, nor would it undermine the cleanup efforts already underway. My language only removes the ability of the EPA to take over a State’s plan or to take retaliatory actions against a State if it does not meet EPAmandated goals. Again, it ensures States’ rights remain intact and not usurped by the EPA. It is important to point out the correlation between the EPA’s outrageous waters of the United States rule and the bay TMDL. At the heart of both issues is the EPA’s desire to control conservation and water quality improvement efforts throughout the country and to punish all those who dare to oppose them. Mr. Chairman, the bay is a national treasure, and I want to see it restored. But we know that in order to achieve this goal, the States and the EPA must work together. The EPA cannot be allowed to railroad the States and micromanage the process. With this amendment, we are simply telling the EPA to respect the important role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act and preventing another Federal power grab by the administration. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would allow those that pollute the Chesapeake Bay to ignore the Environmental Protection Agency’s water quality standards. We finally have an administration that has made the Chesapeake Bay a priority by establishing mandatory water quality standards and providing financial assistance to help States, localities, and businesses actually meet the new standards. This amendment also would put the funding in this bill for the Chesapeake at risk. The Federal funding is tied to the requirements for results. So how long do you think the States and localities will meet their obligations that they agreed to this past December in an historic agreement if the Federal financial assistance goes away? If this amendment were to become law, it would block EPA’s ability to enforce the court ordered settlement requiring the farm community and agri business to meet watershed specific pollution limits. It would not, however, relieve the farms and agribusinesses from the requirements in this settlement. In the end, operators should be responsible for controlling the pollution that they dump into our rivers and streams across this country, both for the Chesapeake and elsewhere. The courts have already sided with the EPA on this matter. Again, I urge defeat of this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman for his leadership with this amendment. 
This amendment is meant to address the overreach, a punitive approach that the EPA is taking, intervening itself within a process that the States are taking the leadership of cleaning up a treasure—the Chesapeake Bay. We are not talking about taking away funding. As chairman of the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee, there are significant conservation dollars that go into cleaning watersheds. Watersheds are part of the jurisdiction of the subcommittee that I chair in this House on the Agriculture Committee. This amendment is identical to one approved by the House last year in consideration of the Interior appropriations bill, Mr. Speaker. I have been hearing since 2009 from my constituents, many of which own farms, about the significant challenges and the costs of the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load, or TMDL, mandate. b0020 These significant concerns also extend to the State and local governments because of the billions of dollars in direct costs and new regulatory burdens the TMDL imposes. The Agriculture Committee’s Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee, which I have the honor of chairing, has also listened to the concerns of stakeholders over the past few Congresses. While each and every one of these witnesses wholeheartedly supports the restoration of the Chesapeake Bay, there remains great concern over the lack of consistent models, the heavyhanded approach of the TMDL, and the lack of needed flexibility while implementing the watershed implementation plans, or WIPS. This amendment is needed in order to allow for that flexibility at the State and local levels. Pennsylvania has been very innovative in our efforts to do our part with the bay restoration, and that restoration will continue into the future. However, rather than acting punitive, the EPA must work collaboratively with the States. I strongly support this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. I am going to repeat what I said earlier. My amendment does not remove the TMDL or the watershed implementation plans. It only removes the retaliatory actions threatened by the EPA. Those who oppose this amendment are right in that the States have made great improvements. The States have made great strides in cleaning up the bay; so why continue to threaten them with an EPA takeover of their water quality plans? I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, in closing, I will say a few things. One, our country has some extraordinary gems, and the Chesapeake Bay is one of them. This language, as was rightfully pointed out, was part of a bill last year, but that language was removed in conference. Part of the reason it was removed in conference is that this is part of a courtordered settlement in which water quality standards were established, and financial assistance was tied to results. If this amendment were to pass, I think it would put in jeopardy that funding, and it would put in jeopardy one of our Nation’s true gems. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 58 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer a simple amendment that will protect private water rights and prohibit the EPA’s attempt to expand Clean Water Act regulation beyond what Congress has intended. This amendment prohibits the use of funds to carry out the draft EPAUSGS technical report, entitled, ‘‘Protecting Aquatic Life from Effects of Hydrologic Alteration,’’ which is agency guidance that aims to expand the scope of the Clean Water Act and Federal control over waters currently under the jurisdiction of States. A March 1, 2016, Scientific Investigations Report from the Environmental Protection Agency argues that the Clean Water Act gives the EPA the authority to regulate not just the quality of waters of the U.S. but also the quantity, or amount, of water in the Nation’s river and water systems. The management of water rights and allocation quantities from all natural streams, lakes, and other collections is an authority that is enshrined in State constitutions and compacts across the West—legal protections that are explicitly designed to exclude interference from the Federal Government. Under the expanded scope of the authority, the EPA suggests in their report that the Federal Government could require an individual private water owner or a local municipality to obtain a Federal permit any time it alters the amount of water available in streams or other water systems. In their comments on the draft report, the Family Farm Alliance stated, ‘‘The report relies heavily on concepts rather than real science’’ and that the legal strategies advocated in the report ‘‘could embolden some regulators and special interest groups to seek flow requirements on water projects, even if doing so has no support in Federal or State law.’’ Unfortunately, this is par for the course for the Obama administration to push an economically disastrous agenda at the expense of science, the rule of law, and basic common sense. In their statement endorsing my amendment, Americans for Tax Reform explained, ‘‘American citizens cannot afford more economic hurdles and the commandeering of State powers over precious water supplies from an overzealous, unaccountable Federal Government. States, local governments, and private water rights holders should not be subjected to such costly and burdensome Federal overreach.’’ In addition, the Family Farm Alliance, the Americans for Tax Reform, and dozens of national, regional, and local organizations have endorsed my amendment to rein in this Federal overreach and have expressed serious concerns regarding the EPA’s dubious report. In their comments on the draft report, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce stated, ‘‘The Chamber is concerned that the agencies will use these arguments to further expand Federal jurisdiction over land and water features without proper constitutional authority.’’ The National Association of Conservation Districts echoed that very same sentiment, stating, ‘‘NACD believes that the report attempts to expand the Clean Water Act beyond Congress’ original intent.’’ The American Petroleum Institute stated, ‘‘The draft report constitutes rulemaking in the guise of guidance. The draft report is vague and ambiguous, and owing to these concerns, EPA and USGS should withdraw the draft report and not finalize it.’’ In my home State, the Arizona Farm Bureau Federation stated, ‘‘Not only is this Federal overreach, but it becomes a bureaucratic and logistical nightmare for individuals and businesses.’’ I think the Mohave Livestock Association summed up the issue best when they stated, ‘‘The last thing our producers need is another layer of costly 
and timeconsuming permitting. The States understand water use in their respective ecological territories better than any centralized bureaucracy from Washington, D.C.’’ I am honored that this amendment is supported by the American Farm Bureau Federation, Americans for Limited Government, the American Public Power Association, Americans for Tax Reform, the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, the Family Farm Alliance, the National Association of Conservation Districts, the National Water Resources Association, and countless other organizations and individuals throughout the country. My amendment prohibits the EPA from implementing, administering, or enforcing their misguided attempt to usurp States’ rights and control the quantity of water used by individual owners and local municipalities. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their good work on this bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit funding to implement, administer, or enforce the draft technical report, entitled, ‘‘Protecting Aquatic Life from Effects of Hydrologic Alteration,’’ published by the EPA and by the USGS on March 1, 2016. This draft technical report is not a policy. It is not guidance. It is not a criteria document. It shows no advocacy. It doesn’t require States to do anything. This technical document provides information to help States and tribes and territories and water resource managers and other stakeholders actually understand how water flows impact water quality, and it gives examples of what some States have chosen to do to address flow concerns. The EPA and the USGS collaborated to develop this report in response to State and EPA regional requests. The draft report had a 105day comment period, which closed on June 17, 2016, and it received more than 100 submissions from Federal and State partners, watershed groups, mining and farming associations, and other highly engaged stakeholders. Now that the comment period has ended, the EPA and the USGS will consider the comments and revise the document and then publish a final document, which will serve as a source of technical information for States, tribes, territories, and other stakeholders. Why would we prohibit producing a resource document? The EPA is targeting the release date for the final publication as September 30, 2016, which is the end of fiscal year 2016, meaning the final report will supersede the prohibition on the draft technical report in the fiscal year 2017 bill. This draft technical document received extensive internal and external technical peer review by scientists with expertise in environmental flow. If the report is not finalized, States will not be able to benefit from critical scientific information or from the effective solutions shared by other States. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, as I have said, it is wellestablished legal doctrine that the Constitution and the Clean Water Act strictly limit the Federal Government’s authority to usurp State water rights and compacts. I urge my colleagues to join me in protecting State authority, private property rights, and in reining in yet another EPA Federal overreach. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on Gosar amendment No. 58. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, again, I will just say in closing that this is a draft technical report that doesn’t set policy, that doesn’t set guidance, that doesn’t have advocacy, that doesn’t require States to do anything. This is a resource document, and I don’t know why we would prohibit producing a resource document. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment Nos. 59 and 60 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 61 printed in House Report 114–683. b0030 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . JENKINS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 62 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer my amendment, No. 62, as printed in the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, my amendment to the bill today is very straightforward. What it would do is preserve our Nation’s specialty glass manufacturers from EPA overregulation. Specialty glass manufacturers, these are the small businesses. These are facilities typically employing less than 50 employees. Yet, they produce the stained glass windows that adorn our churches, decorative vases, commemorative and artisan products. West Virginia has a proud tradition of specialty glass manufacturing. In fact, one of the oldest companies is Blenko Glass in Milton, West Virginia, which is in my district. Its limited edition pieces are prized by collectors and have been handed down through generations. Let me give my colleagues a sense of where some of the Blenko Glass is today: Colonial Williamsburg, Westminster Abbey—the replacement glass for antique windows at the White House is from Blenko Glass. Jackie Kennedy actually used Blenko Glass at the White House—the Cadet Chapel at the Air Force Academy in Colorado, St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York City. And that beautiful award from the Country Music Association that is given out to the recipient, it is a piece of Blenko Glass. This is proud American tradition, and that tradition is now in jeopardy. Blenko, like all other specialty glass manufacturers in the Nation, is facing changes to the standards that would make it harder to make glass. The EPA is considering revising the current regulation to make it harder for these small businesses to simply make glass. My amendment would simply protect specialty glass manufacturers that use noncontinuous furnaces for their glassmaking. The rules for continuous furnaces for the bigger glassproducing facilities, which produce items like glass bottles, cookware, and windows, would still apply under current regulation. I urge my colleagues’ support for this amendment to protect our Nation’s small, specialty, and often family owned, glass manufacturers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would impede the EPA’s ability to regulate toxic air pollutants from glass manufacturers. EPA currently requires glass manufacturers to limit their air toxic emissions, which contain carcinogenic heavy metals like arsenic and lead. My good friend, Mr. JENKINS ’, amendment seeks to block these requirements from refined glass manufacturers that do not use continuous furnaces or that produce less than 50 tons of glass per year. I point out at the present time there are no Federal air toxic emission regulations that cover those types of glass 
facilities. So this amendment tries to fix a problem that doesn’t really exist, and in the process, it would hamstring the EPA’s ability to protect public health. Just this year, we saw that glass manufacturers who do not use a continuous furnace may also pose a significant health risk to neighboring communities in Oregon, just to the south of me. Air monitoring data showed that glass manufacturers using a batch process were emitting high levels of arsenic and chromium. The EPA has been investigating the situation to ensure that other communities are not exposed to these harmful contaminants. While these manufacturers are only a small portion of the market, reports have shown that these facilities can be alarmingly close to homes and even to schools, having serious implications for the health of nearby families and kids. We should be shielding these communities from these toxic air emissions instead of limiting the EPA’s ability to take necessary action to protect public health, as this amendment would do. This amendment preempts regulation and carves out an exemption for one particular industry. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, again, let me make reference to what the existing EPA regulations do. There are current regulations, but the exemptions from the current regulation, as it stands right now, are for those glass manufacturers that are noncontinuous furnaces and produce under a certain amount of tonnage of glass each year. The EPA is looking at changing those regulations. We are not trying to carveout a new exemption. We are just trying to sustain and contain in the current law the exemptions for the noncontinuous furnaces and those under a certain amount of tonnage. So we are not making any changes. We are simply trying to maintain the current exemption because we see the EPA out looking to make changes to eliminate the current exemptions that exist in the law. Once again, another step of the EPA overreach that will be jeopardizing the small glass manufacturers that mean so much to not only our employment base, but also our heritage. I encourage support for my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I would just say, again, in closing, I have seen much of this glasswork. It is really impressive. But, as impressed and grateful as I am for that artistry, I also care a lot about kids and making sure that they are not exposed to toxic air pollutants. With that, I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J ENKINS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MS . GRAHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in House Report 114–683. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chair, I would like to recognize my colleagues, Mr. JOLLY and Mr. C LAWSON , who are my good friends and cosponsors of this amendment. Second, I would also like to remind my colleagues that this amendment passed by voice during last year’s debate, and I am hopeful we can do the same again this year. As many of my colleagues know from across the country, who have visited Florida at some point and have enjoyed our beautiful beaches, sunshine, water, white sand—and I don’t mean to brag, but we really do live in a paradise. That is why for years we have fought oil drilling off of our beaches, and, thankfully, the Federal Government has listened to the people of Florida and banned drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. This amendment would strengthen that ban and our commitment to protect Florida’s beaches by prohibiting exploration and testing for oil in the eastern Gulf. Our military opposes it, conservationists oppose it, and Florida’s tourism industry opposes it. I am proud to work with Mr. JOLLY  and Mr. CLAWSON on this important amendment for Florida, and I hope my colleagues will join us in supporting this amendment to protect Florida’s Gulf beaches. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. I understand this amendment dovetails with the current congressional moratorium that exists through 2022. Therefore, the amendment isn’t necessary for this year. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chair, as I previously said, the purpose of this is to strengthen the ban. And, again, I was on the beaches following the BP oil spill and saw the tar washing up on the shores. I am proud to represent many military installations in the State of Florida and in north Florida, and they don’t wish to have this either for training purposes for our military. b0040 I would like to just reiterate this is something that, in a bipartisan nature, has been approved of. It was just approved last year, and I would just like to respectfully request that it be approved again this year by voice vote. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I am in opposition to the amendment. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. We already have a moratorium in effect. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I will just close by reminding my colleagues that this has been a longstanding, bipartisan consensus that, for military as well as economic reasons, should be strengthened, and we should not be drilling in the eastern Gulf. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 64 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is an amendment that I have brought in past years. What it 
does, it says none of the funds made available by this act, including the amendments made by this act, may be used to implement, administer, or enforce a prevailing rate of wage requirements in subchapter 4, which is basically referred to normally as the Davis Bacon Act. The DavisBacon Act is a bill that was passed back in the early 1930s. The purpose of it was to lock the labor out from Alabama that was going, during the Depression years, up into New York to build Federal buildings and competing with the labor unions up there that happened to be locking Black workers out of the workforce in New York. It was brought to us by a Senator and by a House Member from New York—both Republicans, by the way. It is the remaining Jim Crow law that I know of on the books, and it imposes what is called a prevailing wage on all contractors doing Federal contracts that are $2,000 or more. King Construction has been in business since 1975. That is 41 years. We have dealt with this DavisBacon wage scale for a long time. Not only is it expensive, and it costs the taxpayers extra money on every single project on which it is imposed, but it also brings about inefficiencies that are brought about because of the reporting requirements, the confusion that is there. We happen to have seen on our jobs people that jump from machine to machine to try to get to the highest paying machine, not the most efficient one. That is just one picture of what DavisBacon does. There are many others. Our numbers from our company are someplace between 8 and 35 percent, depending on your project, that the cost of these projects are increased unnecessarily. It does not reflect prevailing wage. It reflects an imposed union scale. This is something that this Congress has to come to grips with if we are going to ever get to balance and be responsible with the taxpayer dollars. I urge its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, over the past few years, we have taken several votes on whether or not we should waive prevailing wage requirements that are contained in DavisBacon. In each and every instance, the Congress has rejected these efforts because there is strong bipartisan support for fair labor standards for construction contracts. DavisBacon is a pretty simple contract, and it is a fair one. What the DavisBacon Act does is it protects the government as well as workers in carrying out a policy of paying a decent wage on government contracts. Davis Bacon simply requires workers on federally funded construction projects be paid no less than the wages paid in the community for similar work. I want to stress this again—Federal construction projects to be paid no less than wages paid in communities for similar work. It requires every contractor for which the government is a party in excess of $2,000 contain a provision defining minimum wages paid to various classes of laborers and mechanics. This law has helped workers in all trades all over the Nation, and there is no need to abandon those workers today. I urge my colleagues to oppose the King amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I would say in response to the gentlewoman from Minnesota that the actual application of the DavisBacon wage act is not what we would call a fair labor standard, not when you have some hacks that sit in a room once a year and decide whether and who gets how much of a raise. It is not free enterprise. It is not merit. It is based on backroom deals. It is based on imposing union scale and making the taxpayers pay for that. If I don’t hear that this year, it is the first year I haven’t heard it, and that is the argument that the quality of the work isn’t there. Well, the honor of our employees for 41 years, and many other merit shop employees, is on the line. We meet plans and specifications. They are Federal projects. They are inspected, and the standard of the work is indiscernible, except that we don’t happen to have union squabbles on our jobs, and we pay the wage that is necessary to keep good help, and we have had some of the lowest unemployment rates that anybody has had. In fact, my rates were zero because we kept our people on year round. We take care of our employees. We provide a benefits package. So do the merit shop people I know. So often I hear from the other side of the aisle that the Federal Government has no business interfering in a relationship between two or more consenting adults, and this is one of those cases. It is a contract of labor between the employer and the employee. The Federal Government needs not be involved in that. When they are, it invariably costs the taxpayers more money. We can dredge five harbors instead of four. We can repair five locks and dams instead of four if we pass this amendment. Why would we, with the starvation of resources to our interior, why would we deny those resources the most efficient application? I urge the adoption of my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ). Mr. KILMER. I thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment because I support DavisBacon. Studies have shown that DavisBacon actually doesn’t increase the cost to taxpayers, but what happens is that, if this amendment were to pass, you would see a reduction in wages. You would see an increase with these protections from DavisBacon being pulled away, an increase in onthejob injuries. You would have fewer workers with health benefits. DavisBacon is about preventing wage exploitation. It is about preventing, undercutting local wages. I will tell you this. This is about ensuring that when the Federal Government builds a project with taxpayer money that it is not just about building a road or a bridge or a facility. It is about building the middle class, and it is about building the next generation of workers. It is about providing training and providing a good wage for people to be able to live and earn a good living and live with dignity. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have to say in contradiction to the gentleman who just spoke, onthejob injuries, I don’t know what would support that, whether or not there is a DavisBacon wage scale on that. That has to do with your safety policy on the job. It has to do with the culture of the company, and it has to do, to a degree, with the culture of the projects that you are on. The fewer benefits side of this thing, I think it goes the other way, because DavisBacon requires that you add dollars into this Federalmandated union scale to pay benefits; and when that happens, you are paying a benefit figure on a dollar figure to the employees rather than, say, a health insurance package that is going to take care of them far better and in the long term. I point out also today that we had testimony from the Secretary of Transportation from the State of Oklahoma, Secretary Gary Ridley, who said that they run into the inefficiencies driven by DavisBacon where you have as many as three or more different pay scales on a single project that might stretch out over 6, 8, or 10 miles. They end up in different wage scales. So the contractors have to keep track of who crosses that line in what machine. The confusion of all that adds to the inefficiencies as well. The most important thing is this: the taxpayers are paying an unnecessary premium for projects that we could be far ahead of where we are right now if we hadn’t had all these years of this DavisBacon wage scale. I would reiterate: it is ironic that it is the Democrats who are always on the floor defending the last Jim Crow law on the books. It is time to get rid of the last Jim Crow law on the books. Let free enterprise prevail. Let the taxpayers be the beneficiaries of this. I urge the adoption of my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b0050 Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, while I would just like to point out that corporate interests and their advocates often claim that DavisBacon increases taxpayers costs, there isn’t a study that proves that. In fact, a study of school construction costs in the Great Plains States shows that prevailing wage laws did not only not raise constructions costs, but also that repealing such wage laws hurt taxpayers and workers. After Kansas’ prevailing wage law was repealed, wages fell 11 percent, training programs declined by 28 percent, and job site injuries rose 19 percent. Highway construction costs are actually higher when workers are paid less, according to an analysis of the Federal Highway Administration data by the Construction Labor Research Council. The studies showed that the cost to build 1 mile in States average $17.65 per hour, compared with low wages of $9.97 per hour, on average. Money was actually saved, on average, by higher productivity. Better productivity, better wages. In Wisconsin, a study of the State’s prevailing wage laws shows that potential savings from wage cuts were never outweighed by the cost of income to communities. Annual costs of repealing the law has estimated between $123 million in lost income and net tax revenues to a loss of $6.8 million. In Missouri, a similar study showed a loss to the State of $380 million to $384 million. Cost overruns are more likely without prevailing wages. As a member of the Democratic FarmerLabor Party, I urge my colleagues to oppose the King amendment and pay people in the community a prevailing wage under DavisBacon. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 65 printed in House Report 114–683. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 66 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the process of hydraulic fracturing, often used in combination with horizontal drilling, has unlocked vast new American energy resources, making the United States the largest energy producer in the world. This creates tens of thousands of good paying jobs and lower energy prices for consumers. Despite this technological advancement, the Obama administration, acting through the Bureau of Land Management, has sought to regulate it out of existence by trying to institute new, onerous regulations regarding well construction and water management for hydraulic fracturing operations that take place on Federal and Indian lands. Thankfully, the U.S. District Court in Wyoming recently struck down BLM’s hydraulic fracturing rule, finding that the BLM lacks authority from Congress to regulate the process of fracking, and was acting contrary to law. As expected, the Obama administration has filed an appeal to the Tenth Circuit Court. Despite being illegal, these burdensome regulations simply do not recognize the extensive work done by the States to regulate hydraulic fracturing within their borders. The Natural Resources Committee has heard from numerous witnesses from Utah, Wyoming, Colorado, and other States, who have testified to the tireless process these States went through to draft and implement their regulations—regulations that are very successful. My home State of Colorado has been safely using hydraulic fracturing for over 40 years, and has the toughest Hydraulic Fracturing Disclosure Rule in the Nation. Even our Democratic Governor, John Hickenlooper, who has actually drunk hydraulic fracturing fluid to show that it is safe, believes it is the State’s responsibility to regulate industry. And this amendment will do exactly that by ensuring that States like Colorado can continue to safely regulate energy production based on local geology and conditions without unnecessary and unlawful interference from the Federal Government. One size does not fit all and the States frequently—I think always— know better than the Federal bureaucrats in Washington do what their geology is like, what their water is like, and so son. So I ask that you support my amendment and allow the current energy renaissance to continue ensuring a stable supply of affordable and reliable energy. This will help drive down prices for gasoline, electricity, and home heating. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. This amendment would prohibit the Bureau of Land Management from implementing a uniform national standard for hydraulic fracking on public lands. This amendment would prohibit the BLM from implementing a uniform national standard for hydraulic fracking on public lands. Public lands only. Such a standard is necessary to ensure that operations on public and tribal lands are safe and environmentally responsible. Of the 32 States with potential for oil and gas development on federally managed mineral resources, only slightly more than half have rules in place to address hydraulic fracturing. And those that do have rules vary greatly in their requirements. So BLM continues to offer millions of acres of public land for conventional and renewable energy production, and it is critical that the public have confidence and transparency that effective State and environmental protections are in place. So, as I said before, there are 32 States, and half of them don’t even have anything in place that BLM could use. BLM is looking to have an implementation of a rule in State offices, and they are in the process of meeting with their State counterparts, undertaking StatebyState comparisons and regulatory requirements. I believe what the gentleman has told me about Colorado; it looks like that would be best practices and something BLM would want to look at and maybe model under. So they are trying to establish memorandums of understanding. Unfortunately, what your amendment does is stop that from going forward. I think that, for right now, BLM needs to come up with a transparent standard so that when people are interacting with BLM State by State and when the taxpayers are looking at what BLM is doing, there is transparency, there is clarity, and there is uniformity. Unfortunately, I have to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, the gentlewoman has raised an interesting point. On the surface, there is some merit to what she says. However, there is one big flaw. She wasn’t aware because she wasn’t in the hearing, but when BLM came and spoke to our committee, I said to them: States like Colorado are doing a good job already. 
Why don’t you just regulate the States that don’t have their own regulation? Well, they said: No. We want to regulate everybody. They really didn’t care whether States had good regulations in place or not. So I think they gave away the game. They just wanted to put more regulation on industry. What that means is that you have two sets of regulations to have to wade through, and that is going to shut out marginal plays, it is going to shut out jobs of people that would have been in those marginal plays. So BLM really wasn’t interested in listening to the States. They rejected that suggestion, and they just want to regulate everybody. Let’s let the States do what they do best. They know their territory, they know their water, they know their geology. They are doing a great job already. No one ever raised any examples of where the States had not done a good job. So let’s pass this amendment and BLM can manage the land and not do what the States are already doing. That is the way it should be. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b0100 Ms. MCCOLLUM. I thank the gentleman for an interesting discussion, but here is the challenge I see: 32 States with the potential of oil and gas development on federally managed lands, only slightly more than half have rules in place. So then, if the Federal Government is considering possible development on its own land and it is in a State that doesn’t have a rule, they need to have a rule. They need to have transparency. They need to have accountability to the taxpayer, to our constituents. So they are trying to form rules and regulations, and I am hopeful that BLM—and I will make some inquiries— is in the process of meeting with their State counterparts and taking best practices to develop rules, to develop transparency, to develop accountability in the States where no rules exist. At this current time, I really have to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
the required 5year species review. I think we agree that that should be done. So sometimes you just have to tell the bureaucracy that they need to get on the ball and do the right thing, and that’s all this amendment does. And they just have to have a better set of priorities. If they are not following the current law, they just need to get up and do it. So let’s pass this amendment. Let’s make them follow the law. It is better for all the species involved if we know whether they are being conserved and the efforts behind them are working or not. We need to know that. So let’s pass this amendment, make them follow the law. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Once again, I thank the gentleman for being here because I think we have had some discussions about the work that needs to be done on the policy committees and some of the challenges that we have in this bill with our limited resources. As my grandmother would say, and maybe you had a grandparent who had a similar saying: You can’t get water out of a rock. We keep asking the Fish and Wildlife Service, National Park Service, all kinds of wonderful people who get up every morning wanting to do the best job possible and protecting our natural resources, to do more and more and more and more with less. At some point, they just can’t do any more because they don’t have the fulltime equivalents. They don’t have the scientists that they can hire. They don’t have the resource managers who can get out and work in the local community. They are hamstrung. So for only that reason, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. If they were fully funded and I could look them in the eye and say, ‘‘You have all the tools in the toolbox; get the job done,’’ I would be with you, sir. But they do not have all the tools in the toolbox, and this Congress has underfunded them repeatedly, and that is why we have the backlog. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. b0110 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this is my third and last amendment on this bill, and I am hopeful that maybe this is one we can agree on. Mr. Chairman, the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse is a tiny rodent with a body approximately 3 inches long, a 4 to 6inch long tail, and large hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely nocturnal mouse lives primarily in stream side ecosystems along the foothills of southeastern Wyoming south to Colorado Springs in my district along the eastern ridge of the Front Range of Colorado. To evade predators, the mouse can jump like a miniature kangaroo up to 18 inches high using its long, whiplike tail as a rudder to switch directions in midair. But the little acrobat’s most famous feet was its leap onto the Endangered Species list in May, 1998, a move that has hindered development from Colorado Springs, Colorado, to Laramie, Wyoming. Among projects that have been affected: the Jeffco Parkway southeast of Rocky Flats, an expansion of Chatfield Reservoir, and housing developments in El Paso County along tributaries of Monument Creek. Builders, landowners, and local governments in affected areas have incurred hundreds of millions of dollars in added costs because of this mouse. And protecting the Preble’s mouse has even been placed ahead of protecting human life. On September 11, 2013, Colorado experienced a major flood event that damaged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and public works projects. As a result of the Preble’s mouse’s listing as an endangered species, many restoration projects were delayed as Colorado sought a waiver. In fact, FEMA was so concerned that they sent out a notice that stated: ‘‘Legally required review may cause some delay in projects undertaken in the Preble’s mouse habitat.’’ It goes on to warn that ‘‘local officials who proceed with projects without adhering to environmental laws risk fine and could lose Federal funding for their projects.’’ While a waiver was eventually granted, the scientific evidence simply does not justify these delays or the millions of taxpayer dollars that go toward protecting a mouse that is actually part of a larger group that roams throughout half of the North American continent. Scientific studies have concluded that the Preble’s mouse does not warrant protection because it isn’t a subspecies at all, and is actually related to the Bear Lodge jumping mouse. Even the scientist that originally classified this mouse as a subspecies has since recanted his work. Moreover, the Preble’s mouse has a low conservation parity score—meaning the hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on protection efforts could have been better spent on other, more fragile species. My amendment would correct the injustice that has been caused by the inaccurate listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse and refocus the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts on species that have been thoroughly scientifically vetted and that should be managed by the Endangered Species Act. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit Fish and Wildlife from implementing or enforcing a threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act. On April 11, 2016, the service announced the availability of a draft recovery plan for the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse which the public could review and comment on until June 10, 2016. Now the service is currently reviewing and considering all the comments that they received, so nothing is final yet. So this is premature. You are predicting an outcome that I don’t know whether or not you would agree with. So under this amendment, the service would not be able to continue to recover this species because the Endangered Species Act would still apply. The service would not be able to work with agencies. It would not be able to work with developers. It would not be able to work with landowners in order to abide ESA compliance. Additionally, the amendment will also limit the service from undertaking required status reviews of the subspecies from being able to implement any rulemaking downlisting or delisting the species if they thought it was appropriate after they were done with their review. Sadly, the gentleman’s amendment would undermine the service’s ability to work collaboratively with States, local governments, communities, and landowners to conserve this imperiled species, and the amendment would create uncertainty for landowners and 
also make them vulnerable to lawsuits. So I think we should be supporting Fish and Wildlife to finish doing the job that it started and not blocking it from doing the job it is currently getting ready to do when it comes to this species. So because nothing is final yet, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to point out that this species should have never been listed in the first place. It is highly disputed and contentious science that it was ever even listed at all. So on the previous amendment I think we discussed how the Fish and Wildlife Service is already too busy in your State and they don’t have enough money to do what they need to do right now. Let’s free up a lot of their workload and take this one off the table because it shouldn’t have been listed in the first place. Then they will have more time to do everything else that they claim to want to do. Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 69 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, under the Clean Air Act, Congress directed the EPA to regulate ‘‘any air pollutant from any class or classes of new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines, which may be reasonably anticipated to endanger public health or welfare.’’ Congress further defined ‘‘motor vehicle’’ as a ‘‘selfpropelled vehicle designed for transporting persons or property on a street or highway.’’ Mr. Chairman, any reasonable person would understand that selfpropelled vehicle means a vehicle that can propel itself of its own initiative. One would think of pickup trucks, semis, vans, or cars. One thing that does not come to mind is the back portion of a tractor trailer being the trailer portion which has no way of selfpropelling itself. Unfortunately, the EPA doesn’t seem to see it that way. In last year’s proposed rules for greenhouse gas emissions and fuel efficiency standards for onroad heavyduty vehicles and engines, the EPA attempted to regulate truck trailers as selfpropelled vehicles. Furthermore, the EPA has a voluntary program called SmartWay that provides engineering guidelines for aerodynamics and reduced truck weight. SmartWay, which is voluntary, is intended to improve fuel efficiency for combined tractor tailers. However, SmartWay only improves fuel efficiency when tractor trailers are traveling at highway speeds of more than 50 miles per hour. SmartWay provides no benefits whatsoever when the tractor trailers are traveling at less than 50 miles per hour around towns which are where most of the tractor trailers are used in the United States. But EPA wants to mandate all trailers to be governed by SmartWay, even those that travel less than 50 miles per hour. In fact, if the government manipulates the weight of trailers, cargo gets displaced which results in more tractor trailers on the road, higher consumer prices, and more greenhouse gas emissions just to meet current freight demands. Mr. Chairman, the trailers that EPA is proposing to regulate are highly customized to the individual specifications of each customer. Trailer manufacturers should not be forced to comply with a onesizefitsall standard especially when given that so many trailers do not gain any fuel efficiency benefits from SmartWay. My amendment would prevent the EPA from using any funds in the bill to regulate trailers under the greenhouse gas rule. Not only should these guidelines remain voluntary because they only benefit some trailers, EPA has no business regulating trailers under the Clean Air Act given that they are not selfpropelled. This proposed regulation by the EPA is another example of a Federal agency overstepping its bounds and attempting to enact a regulation that benefits some parts of the economy but harms others. b0120 If this attempted overreach by the EPA is enforced, it will be costly and counterproductive because the private sector is moving faster to improve fuel efficiency and reduce air pollution than the EPA can move. Congress would be wise to stop this regulation and keep the SmartWay program voluntary and let trailer manufacturers do what they know is best for their individual customers. I urge all Members to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the fuel standards for the trailers that they are studying were jointly proposed by the EPA and the Department of Transportation. Does the gentleman have a rider in anything from the Department of Transportation to prohibit their funding? Mr. LOUDERMILK. We do not at this time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. That answers part of my question, because even if he was to be successful with his amendment in the way the amendments are going—I am kind of predicting that he might be on a voice vote—it would still be moving forward under the Department of Transportation. The standards that they are looking at are to help achieve greenhouse gas emissions and reductions. In my opinion, that is a good thing to do. The amendment would prohibit the EPA from finalizing, implementing, or enforcing its greenhouse gas rules by carving out this exemption for trailers. Now, the other reason why I am opposing the amendment, and I am being consistent with this, is the proposed regulation is still currently open for public comment. We don’t know what the final comment is going to be. We don’t know what is going to happen in the future, so I don’t think we should be interfering with a rulemaking process on an appropriations bill. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, once again, as we have seen with the agencies, there is a lot of overreach. Quite often, if you give them an inch, they take a mile. I think it is imperative that we be proactive in this issue to ensure that we protect an industry that has done a good job of regulating itself. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MRS . LUMMIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 70 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to observe that I am the third of three daughters, and my father used to always say nothing good ever happens after midnight, which is why he gave us a midnight curfew. I am hoping he was talking about mountain daylight time instead of eastern daylight time, especially with regard to my amendment. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is intended to prohibit funding to complete EPA’s proposed rule for environmental protection standards for uranium and thorium mill tailings. The rule is intended to protect groundwater from potential future contamination due to in situ uranium production. The intent is not bad, but EPA officials acknowledge there is no evidence in situ uranium recovery, a process that has been used for more than four decades, has ever caused an adverse impact to adjacent, nonexempt aquifers. Also, the EPA lacks jurisdiction to impose these standards. The EPA has general standard setting authority; but Congress has designated the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and its agreement states, as the lead when it comes to implementation and enforcement, a concern raised by the NRC’s general counsel. Now, the uranium industry has offered to work with the EPA to review existing data and conduct additional sampling, if warranted. The industry made this offer in May 2015, and the EPA never responded, which is a problem, which has been acknowledged earlier this evening with regard to an amendment about inquiries by stakeholders and Congress regarding the EPA. They are so busy making rules that they forget to respond to stakeholders and Members of Congress. American uranium production already faces intense competition from overseas production and Federal uranium sales, where our stockpile is being sold onto the market, depressing domestic prices and causing additional importation of uranium into the U.S. The U.S. imports upwards of 90 percent of the uranium we need for our power plants. The proposed rule’s 30year postproduction monitoring requirements will present a significant burden on already struggling producers in Texas, Wyoming, and the West, and it could lead to more mining bankruptcies. Employment in the industry has already dropped by 21 percent. Why are we putting miners out of work and employing them in other countries where we import the same product? The EPA recently said the agency planned to finalize this rule before the end of the Obama administration is on track. This amendment may be Congress’ last chance to stop the rule and save the domestic uranium industry. For that reason, Mr. Chairman, I offer and support amendment No. 70 to H.R. 5538 and ask for its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once again, my primary reason for getting up and opposing the amendment is it blocks the EPA from finalizing regulations. The amendment would ensure that there are no public health or environmental standards tailored specifically to address the technologies and challenges associated with this most widely used method of uranium recovery. What the EPA is looking at doing is establishing requirements for leaching, which is a mining process in which boreholes are drilled into a deposit of uranium, and liquid solution is injected into the holes to absolve the uranium deposits to make sure that the aquifers are protected. I believe that the EPA should be looking at standards that will establish requirements to ensure that groundwater is restored to premine levels, that restoration is stable before a site is abandoned, and that these rules should be, moving forward, being finalized. To the gentlewoman from Wyoming— and I don’t say this on the floor very often, and I think she knows this—who I consider a dear friend and I will miss upon her not running for reelection, I am concerned when I hear my colleagues say that they are not hearing back from people in a timely fashion. So I am going to be looking into that. But right now, at this particular time, because we are in the process of finalizing regulations and we don’t know what they are going to look like as of right now, I have to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, with great respect for the gentlewoman from Minnesota with whom I have had the privilege to serve for these past 8 years and whom I admire for her diligence and thoughtful representation of her constituents and our country, I would assert that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and its agreement states, are the lead when it comes to implementation and enforcement, and even the NRC’s general counsel has raised this issue. The States and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission are in control of this issue. It is adequately regulated. It is appropriately regulated in a manner that protects groundwater. The injection wells and the recovery wells are from nonpotable water sources, and there are no instances where a nonpotable aquifer has contaminated a potable water aquifer. b0130 For those reasons, I believe that this amendment is appropriate, and I encourage its adoption. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 71 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise on behalf of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ). Prior to 2008, squid, octopus, and cuttlefish exports were permitted exclusively by the FDA as fish intended for human consumption. In 2008, the Fish and Wildlife Service also began regulating these species as protected species even though they are not. This allows them to charge excessive fees to seafood processors and to delay perishable shipments. This amendment will prohibit funding from going to the Fish and Wildlife Service to inspect squid, octopus, and cuttlefish. The FDA will still regulate these products for food safety, as they do other fishery products that are meant to be consumed as food. It is a simple amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, Fish and Wildlife inspections serve an important role for ensuring sustainability in regularly harvested species, which is essential to preserving the economic interests of the industry as well as the ocean ecosystems. The Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee has been discussing the perishability of ecoderms for many years. Yet it has not had any other indepth discussions about any other species. I know the authorizing committee has been looking at this issue, and I would suggest that they are the proper committee to address any changes to permanent requirements that are requested in this amendment—permanent requirements. Unlike the ecoderms, it is my understanding that these species are frozen seafood products instead of fresh. Is it true they are frozen seafood products instead of fresh? I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas so he may answer that question. Mr. WESTERMAN. I believe these are fresh products. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, in reclaiming my time, it is my understanding that they are frozen. Therefore, they are not perishable as are the other ecoderms we had been speaking to. I would ask that Members oppose this amendment and consider any legislation produced from the House Natural Resources Committee as the appropriate vehicle to resolve this issue. I asked the gentleman a question about whether they are frozen seafood products or not. That seems to be in doubt. I have it under good information that they are. The gentleman is not sure. Therefore, I think it is really appropriate that this amendment be tabled, or voted down, until the proper committee has had a chance to review it, because what we are about to engage in here is a radical, radical change in what current law is. I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chair, these harmless seafood products are treated as if they were listed under the Endangered Species Act or listed as injurious under the Lacey Act or in violation of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, which these products are not. They are being regulated by both the Fish and Wildlife and the FDA, and they will still be regulated under the FDA. I encourage a positive vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, without doing inspections, we have no way of knowing whether or not these are potentially endangered species. They are not. They would be exempted from the Lacey Act. That is why I am saying that this amendment is so radical in its nature of changing what current practice is. I am pretty confident that these are frozen seafood products. What we were looking to address in the report language in the discussions that we have had in the committee is, for example, sea urchins, which are highly perishable, and that you have to have a quick turnaround in working with Fish and Wildlife to make sure that those inspections are taking place like that so that the fishermen and women aren’t put at an economic disadvantage. I am very strongly in opposition to this amendment. I think the gentleman is going to go forward with it, but I really wish this could be tabled so that we could have a full discussion about what we are talking about. I think, with the best of intentions, the gentleman will go someplace, and I am not sure we will fully understand what the final product will be at the end. I oppose the amendment strongly. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 72 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MURPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their hard work in staying up so late and doing our business here. I rise to offer the MurphyJollyCastorClawsonDeutchGrahamHastings PoseyRosLehtinenWilson amendment to block the use of seismic airgun testing off Florida’s coasts. As you can see from the list of cosponsors, offshore drilling is not a partisan issue. In our State of Florida, the health of our economy relies on clean waters and beaches. Seismic testing puts the health of our environment and, by extension, our economy at risk. Blasting seismic waves into the waters off our coasts is the first step in the wrong direction. Oil and gas exploration off the coasts of Florida poses too great a risk to our environment and to our economy. Seismic testing can have negative impacts on marine life, including endangered whales and dolphins, by disrupting their ability to communicate and navigate to find food as well as to locate mates and their young. It can also have negative effects on sea turtles, such as the endangered loggerhead, that have key nesting grounds along the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches in the district I am so proud to represent. Additionally, this practice has the potential to displace commercial and recreational fishing stocks. Estimates are that this practice can reduce catch rates in Atlantic cod, haddock, rockfish, herring, sand eel, and blue whiting by anywhere between 40 and 80 percent. This is unacceptable for Florida’s fishing industry and the very livelihoods it sustains. Floridians from every political persuasion do not want to risk an oil spill off our coasts, as we are home to more coastline than any other State in the continental United States. That is why 30 cities from both the leftleaning and rightleaning parts of our State have passed resolutions that ban seismic testing. Those closest to the ground know seismic testing is bad for business in a State with over 280,000 jobs that are supported by healthy ocean ecosystems. Protecting our shores is not a Republican or a Democratic issue. It is a Florida issue, both environmentally and economically. I am proud that our delegation continues to stand strong against efforts to open the door to offshore drilling by working to block seismic testing off our shores. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to trust our State and our delegation. The Sunshine State is united. We do not want this. Support this bipartisan amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. C ALVERT ) is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, this administration has already developed the most restrictive policies for the use of seismic airguns for offshore exploration to date. We do not need to place a moratorium on the use. The gentleman specifies two planning areas off the Florida coasts, but the amendment affects many other States than just his own. As such, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ), another champion for the environment and a champion for Florida. 
b0140 Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. MURPHY for yielding. I appreciate this opportunity of speaking for the same purpose I spoke to about an hour ago, but a different amendment. I would just like to say, living in north Florida, I have seen firsthand the devastation that the BP oil spill created for our coastal communities. There are communities in my district that have still not recovered. I support energy independence, but Florida’s beaches add billions of dollars to our economy. Drilling off our coast is not worth the risk to our environment or our economy. This amendment reaffirms the current drilling ban by preventing seismic testing off Florida’s beaches. I am proud to support it with my fellow Floridians in a bipartisan nature, and I hope my colleagues will join us in protecting Florida’s beaches. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman’s hard work on this bill, and I hope he will take a moment to consider the united front that we stand in Florida on a bipartisan measure to be against this. But we oppose this practice because of its many impacts on the State and the animals that move around. They are not simply off our shore. They are all over the place. I hope the gentleman considers that. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MURPHY ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 73 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would prohibit the Department of the Interior and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from using any funds to continue treating the gray wolf under ESA after June 13, 2017—providing these agencies with funding to continue managing the gray wolf for nearly a year— more than half enough time to work with States to develop and implement individual State management plans that would go into effect when Federal management ends. Mr. Chairman, this is an issue of extreme importance to my home State of Washington where the gray wolf is listed in the western twothirds of the State but is delisted in the eastern third. This fragmented listing means there are no geographic barriers to prevent wolves from traveling between listed and delisted areas, posing a risk to people’s lives, farming, and ranching in the region. Unfortunately, this issue should already be settled. On June 13, 2013, the Service published a proposed rule to remove the gray wolf from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife. It made this determination after evaluating ‘‘the classification status of gray wolves currently listed in the contiguous U.S.’’ and found the ‘‘best available scientific and commercial information indicates that the currently listed entity is not a valid species under the Act.’’ The statutory purpose of ESA is to recover a species to the point where it no longer is considered endangered or threatened. The gray wolf is currently found in nearly 50 countries around the world, and the Wolf Specialist Group at the International Union for Conservation Nature has placed the species in the category of ‘‘least concern globally’’ for risk of extinction. Mr. Chairman, the gray wolf population has grown substantially across its range and is now considered to be recovered, and, therefore, it no longer merits protection under ESA. However, my amendment does not delist the gray wolf but encourages the Service to move forward with its proposed delisting rule. It restricts funding for Federal management after June 13, 2017—4 years after the original delisting rule was first published—providing more than enough time for the Service to finalize the rule, as well as to work with individual States to develop and implement their respective State management plans. This approach will support an orderly transition to Statelevel management and allow State wildlife officials to more effectively manage wolf populations, which has proven successful in States such as Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan. My amendment is simple. It provides Interior and the Service with an incentive to move forward with the delisting that the agency itself said is necessary and supported by the best available science evidence and data. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, as the gentleman pointed out, the wolf is an animal which exists in the great State of Minnesota, where I am from. This is not an issue that I am unfamiliar with, having worked on it in the State house when the Federal Government and the State were coming to fruition on how to protect this iconic American species. But this amendment is an attack on that species. The work of the Keystone species, as we both know, plays a vital role in keeping our ecosystem healthy. Deer populations, the gentleman and I, being familiar with that, know how important they are to the entire ecosystem. It is also an animal to my Native American brothers and sisters in Minnesota and the surrounding area that have a deep kinship and bond with. In fact, at a wolf roundtable I had, I heard directly from many tribal leaders that the protections that are afforded under the Endangered Species Act for gray wolves is the only way in which they have been able to keep wolf hunts away or out of the tribal reservation boundaries. I understand many of my colleagues have very strong feelings about listing and delisting and the way it affects their States, but currently, this is in the courts right now. We don’t know how the courts are going to come down on its ruling, so I think we should not interfere in what is a court process. The Endangered Species Act also exists to offer necessary protections and ensures species survival, which the majority of my constituents and constituents all across the United States support. And this is the same law that helped successfully restore another iconic American system: the bald eagle. This amendment would restrict the Department of the Interior’s ability to implement the Endangered Species Act. However, it does not alter the protection for the endangered wolves in the State. Regardless of one’s position on species protections, the amendment is problematic. Its restrictions will ultimately hurt farmers, ranchers, landowners, and business owners because under this amendment the Fish and Wildlife Service would not be able to offer any exemptions or permits for incidental killings of wolves to landowners, ranchers, and other parties who might need them. Right now, the way the law stands, they can do that. If this amendment were to pass, they would not be able to do that. 
The prohibition against accidental kills or takes would remain, and it would still be legally enforceable. Constituents in these States would either have to stop any activity that led to the taking of wolves or they would be put in harm’s way to lawsuits and heavy penalties. So I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the gentlewoman’s knowledge and work on this issue in her home State of Minnesota. However, I think it is time that we in this country declare a success, declare a win when it comes to the gray wolf. There are at least 6,000 wolves in the Great Lakes States, the Rocky Mountain States, the Pacific and Northwest States; 14,000 in the whole United States. As I said before, this is no longer an endangered species. It does not fit the criteria for endangered species. b0150 My own State Fish and Wildlife Department 3 years in a row has sent letters to Congress asking and pointing out the reasons why the wolf could be, should be delisted. You talk about coexisting with other species. If you look at the elk population of Yellowstone, in the 10 years between 1996 and 2006, the population has been decimated by 50 percent. If you look at the Shiras moose population of Utah, it has been decimated by 90 percent because of these healthy populations of wolves. I think there are issues that we are experiencing because of being unable to manage them in ways that States have proven that they are capable of doing. It does not take away the ability for States to do those kind of things. The Federal Government fully has, until June 30 of 2017, to continue managing the wolf in the way it does now. This just sets a timeline, provides an incentive for the agency to move forward with its own rule and the process that has been in place. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. I thank the gentleman. I think we just disagree on the timing of this amendment and what this amendment would actually lead to have happen in our States and our communities. It is in the courts right now. The courts could very well rule in a way that you would be very pleased and very satisfied with, and I think we should let the court procedure take place. Simply put, in my opinion, this amendment is bad for wolves, bad for our ecosystem, bad for business, and my constituents think it would be a really bad thing to have move forward. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 74 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that I know the gentlewoman from Minnesota will like on an issue critical to livestock farmers, not just in my State and district, but across the country. In 2013, the Environmental Protection Agency approached four dairies in Washington State about high nitrate levels in nearby wells, suspecting semi permeable manure lagoons may be the cause. The dairies entered into a consent decree with EPA to identify and treat the cause if it was, in fact, stemming from the dairies. Disturbingly, an environmental group FOIA’d the information the dairies provided to EPA and used it to file a citizen suit under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, or RCRA, against the dairies. Unfortunately, in early 2014 a Federal judge ruled with the environmental group, asserting that dissolved nitrates constituted a solid waste under the law, and high nitrate levels constituted open dumping. There are a number of problems with this case. However, the biggest one by far is the very law used to file the lawsuit. To be clear, there are a number of laws and regulations both at the State and the Federal level which apply to nutrient management, such as the Safe Drinking Water Act or the Clean Water Act. The problem is, Congress never intended RCRA to be used to regulate agriculture. In fact, EPA expresses that RCRA does not apply to agricultural waste, including manure and crop residue, returned to the soil as fertilizers or soil conditioners. I don’t know how you can get much clearer than nutrient management was not intended to be governed under this law; and, unfortunately, this ruling has left agriculture producers in a legal gray area trying to figure out exactly how to comply with the law that was not intended to regulate them. All this decision has done is to create a culture of fear and distrust between farmers and regulatory agencies. If you are a good steward and come forward to proactively address problems, all you are doing is making yourself a target for lawsuits. Also, it creates a fear that a judge could capriciously decide that you are subject to a law despite clear intent that the law does not apply to you. Mr. Chairman, farmers rely on the land and water being clean and want to be good environmental stewards, and this selfdefeating culture is not one we want to cultivate. Mr. Chairman, my amendment does nothing to prevent EPA from enforcing current regulations under RCRA. It does nothing to prevent EPA from issuing or enforcing Clean Water Act or Safe Drinking Water Act rules. All my amendment does is prevent EPA from issuing and expanding new regulations under RCRA that would reflect this poor interpretation of current law. While I am not aware of a desire by EPA to do this, unfortunately, there have been a number of other recent legal precedents directing EPA to take actions they didn’t want to take. This amendment will ensure EPA’s current regulations stand until Congress has the ability to weigh in and reassert its intent. Mr. Chairman, no one is saying livestock producers, like all Americans, do not share in the responsibility of good environmental stewardship. They certainly do. But there already exists appropriate laws and regulations intended to govern these activities, and there are ones that are not intended to. We, as Members of Congress, have a responsibility to make that clarification, which is what my amendment takes steps to do. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes in opposition. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, to my colleague, I think we both would agree that drinking water is critical and limited in some of our rural communities, and we need to work together to address real threats to those sacred and precious resources. We should be protecting those communities from irresponsible factory farms rather than shielding large corporations from liability when their actions do make people sick. I think we probably both agree on that. 
But your amendment isn’t about drinking water. It is about RCRA. Your amendment prohibits the EPA from, maybe in the future, regulating an animal feed operation under RCRA, which is the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Right now, the EPA does not regulate animal feeding operations, and the Agency has no immediate plans to develop or issue such regulations, so this amendment is unnecessary, and I strongly oppose it because it also gets involved in blocking the EPA Administrator from working on possibly anything else in the future that we might agree that would affect drinking water, which I don’t think is part of this. So the fact that RCRA does not regulate animal feeding operations underneath this statute and the Agency has no immediate plans to do it, and the way that the defunding is happening, I just have to oppose this amendment at this time. Mr. Chair, if I could just say something about some of these amendments, I understand that sometimes people are fearful of what may or may not happen in the future, and so we have had many amendments that have either interjected before a court has ruled or interjected before a final rulemaking has taken place or interjected before all the public comment has been taken in consideration. I just think that the authorizing committee needs to be looking at what happens in public comment, and then if the Congress disagrees with a rule that comes out, that is when our role is most appropriate. I don’t think we should have a role in predicting the future. I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the gentlewoman’s statement that we must work together to protect critical resources, and that is exactly why I am presenting this amendment for our consideration, so that dairies that want to do a good job know which rules they need to follow. Is it the Clean Water Act, is it the Safe Drinking Water Act or is it the RCRA rules? They need to know, and they can’t be brought to court, being sued under rules that they didn’t realize that they were supposed to be following. It is like if you are driving down the freeway going 70 miles an hour, and the State patrolman pulls up and says, I am sorry, sir, today the speed limit is only 45. How are you supposed to know that if it is not posted? That is the kind of simplistic direction certainty that we are trying to give farmers across the country, so that is the reason for the amendment. Certainly, I agree, EPA is not making plans to use RCRA to promulgate new rules, which is exactly why it shouldn’t be a problem for us to be able to put that forward, because they are not. It shouldn’t be a problem, so we are not going to be standing in their way. b0200 Dairies are being sued by environmental groups, and judges are making rulings using RCRA rules as a basis for the decisions. And so that is why I think it is important for us to reassert Congress’ original intention as well as EPA’s clear regulations. We have to reassert that to keep clarity and certainty for our farmers and ranchers so that they can better protect our natural resources. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise this morning to offer an amendment that would restore funding for the Wolf Livestock Loss Demonstration Program. This program assists livestock producers in undertaking proactive, nonlethal activity to reduce the livestock loss from predation by wolves, and addresses livestock losses caused by wolves. Mr. Chairman, this demonstration program was authorized in 2009 under a Democratic administration, and $1 million in funding was appropriated in the FY 2010 Interior and Environment Appropriations Act. Since its inception, the Wolf Livestock Demonstration Program has played a critical role in minimizing conflicts with wolves while providing ranchers with muchneeded support for nonlethal activities and another tool to minimize their livestock losses from wolves. Grants provided by this program go to 10 States with significant wolf populations, including my home State of Washington, and support each State’s highest priority needs in assisting livestock producers in dealing with predation by wolves. The grants provided by this program are administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and stipulates that the Federal cost share not exceed 50 percent. Mr. Chairman, this program has been funded every year since 2010. My amendment would continue this funding at the 2010 level, respecting our country’s current fiscal situation and tight budgetary guidelines. The Wolf Livestock Loss Demonstration Program encourages the wider use of nonlethal programs by livestock owners and ranchers who frequently rely on lethal control methods to address livestockwolf conflict. As wolf populations continue to grow across the Lower 48, it is vital that we continue this demonstration program in order to benefit livestock producers willing to take proactive measures to protect not only their livestock, but wolves as well. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I want to be very clear. I think people who lose livestock to wolf predation should be reimbursed. I want to be very, very clear about that. I supported that as a State legislator, and I support it now. However, in 2014, this program for recouping farmers and ranchers is in the Agriculture bill. The Agriculture bill hasn’t come to the floor yet. EPA has been cut enough. We aren’t doing enough for clean drinking water. You have seen the cuts that have been on the floor to fund other programs today. We have funded this out of Fish and Wildlife, and now you are taking the funds for the Fish and Wildlife out of the Environmental Protection Agency. This belongs in the Agriculture bill. And so, in effect, what you are doing—because you continue to fund it out of the Interior bill, we are going to have a significant reduction to the EPA. The EPA was already reduced $164 million below 2016. These deep reductions impact the ability of the EPA to protect human health and the health of our environment. It jeopardizes our ability to ensure that there is clean air and clean water for families today and for future generations. I just cannot support reducing the EPA any longer. I will join you on an amendment to fund this out of where it belongs—from the 2014 Agriculture bill—but I cannot support it coming out of the EPA. It belongs in the Agriculture bill, where it is authorized. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I would just remind the gentlewoman 
that the original program, the demonstration program, was authorized in 2009, and then $1 million was appropriated in the 2010 Interior and Environment Appropriations Act. And so it is just being consistent with what we have done as a Congress before I got here. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota. Ms. MCCOLLUM. In 2009. We passed a law in 2014. The legislation that is in charge of this program now, in 2014, current law, is not in this bill anymore. It is in the Agriculture bill. And I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Reclaiming my time, I believe that that is authorizing legislation and this is appropriating legislation. So that would be the only difference that I could see. I certainly respect the gentlewoman has much more experience than I have, but I would still offer this amendment. It has been a good program in helping livestock producers as well as also being safer for the wolf population. Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. JOLLY (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of a death in the family. Ms. JACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today until 10 p.m. on account of official business. 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION REFERRED A concurrent resolution of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. Con. Res. 44. Concurrent resolution recognizing the sunflower as the flower for military caregivers; to the committee on Armed Services. ADJOURNMENT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Wednesday, July 13, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for himself, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. Y OUNG  of Indiana, Mr. NUNES , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. GIBSON , Mr. O LSON , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. HUNTER , Mr. D IAZ BALART , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. CULBERSON , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. MESSER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 5727. A bill to impose sanctions on persons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. CUELLAR ): H.R. 5728. A bill to prohibit scheduled passenger air transportation between the United States and Cuba until a study has been completed regarding security measures and equipment at Cuba’s airports, to amend title 
49, United States Code, to clarify the role of the Secretary of Homeland Security regarding security standards at foreign airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5729. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from issuing certain licenses in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, to require annual reports by the Secretary of the Treasury and the ExportImport Bank on financing issues related to the sale or lease of such a commercial passenger aircraft or spare parts for such an aircraft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Ms. STEFANIK , and Mr. H URDof Texas): H.R. 5730. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude room and board costs and certain research expenses from gross income of certain students; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5731. A bill to establish SAVE UP Accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. ROYCE , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. MESSER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. ELLISON , and Mr. L OWENTHAL ): H.R. 5732. A bill to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 5733. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 1961 to modify the limitations applicable to qualified conservation loan guarantees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CARTER of Texas (for himself, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. JOYCE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. ROUZER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. GIBSON , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. CRENSHAW , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. THORNBERRY , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. KING of Iowa, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mrs. BLACK , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. L ONG, Ms. GRANGER , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. F LORES, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. COLE, Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. BABIN, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. M AC ARTHUR , and Mr. W EBER of Texas): H.R. 5734. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5735. A bill to authorize the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to prioritize efforts to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Ms. GRAHAM ): H.R. 5736. A bill to direct the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to conduct a study on the feasibility of notifying a taxpayer that a tax return has been filed in the taxpayer’s name; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. LEWIS, Mr. MCDERMOTT , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H.R. 5737. A bill to ensure that foster children are able to use their Social Security and Supplemental Security Income benefits to address their needs and improve their lives; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H.R. 5738. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish the Stronger Together Program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mr. HONDA , Ms. L EE, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. CAPUANO ): H.R. 5739. A bill to prohibit the transfer, loan, or other disposition of a machinegun or semiautomatic assault weapon to an individual under 16 years of age; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5740. A bill to hold war crimes suspects and Nazi war criminals accountable by encouraging foreign governments to more efficiently prosecute, extradite, deport, or accept for deportation such war crimes suspects and Nazi war criminals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. GUINTA , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. ROKITA ): H.R. 5741. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require the Director of the Government Publishing Office to distribute the Federal Register to Congressional offices only in an electronic format, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5742. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for the admission of certain sons and daughters of citizens of the United States, which citizens served on active duty in the Armed Forces of the United States abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , and Mr. R EICHERT ): H.R. 5743. A bill to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefit program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and Mr. GALLEGO ): H.R. 5744. A bill to amend the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 with respect to categorical exclusions granted for next generation flight procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. MEEKS ): H. Res. 821. A resolution urging the Government of Gabon to respect democratic principles during the August 2016 presidential elections; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. COHEN , Mr. CONNOLLY , and Mr. W HITFIELD ): H. Res. 823. A resolution condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Istanbul, Turkey, on June 28, 2016, that resulted in the loss of at least 44 lives; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 824. A resolution expressing support for dancing as a form of valuable exercise and of artistic expression, and for the designation of July 30, 2016, as National Dance Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
281. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of New Hampshire, relative to House Concurrent Resolution 40, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 282. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 7, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to preserve the taxexempt status of municipal bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 283. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 12, to memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to review and consider eliminating provisions of federal law which reduce Social Security benefits for those receiving pension benefits from federal, state, or local government retirement or pension systems, plans, or funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: H.R. 5727. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 5728. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United 
States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5729. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5730. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I: By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5731. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 Section 8 of Article 1: The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5732. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 5733. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its purpose in taxing and spending. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 5734. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, which grants Congress the power to provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5735. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the ability to authorize the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to advance ongoing efforts for programs that are in the best interest of the United States. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5736. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5737. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subsequent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 5738. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 3, the Commerce Clause. By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 5739. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5740. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5741. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. ‘‘To make all Law which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5742. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause 4. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 5743. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 5744. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resoultions, as follows: 
H.R. 112: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 213: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 379: Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 465: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 499: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 508: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 546: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 816: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 825: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 835: Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 842: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 863: Mr. MULLIN and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 997: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1220: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 1343: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 1347: Mr. COHEN and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 1459: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. KIND, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S LAUGH TER, and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1545: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 1559: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 1859: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 1943: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1961: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2103: Mr. HONDA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 2156: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 2216: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 2274: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2315: Mr. SENSENBRENNER and Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 2403: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2404: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 2663: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2680: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2694: Mr. COOPER and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 2726: Mr. HARPER , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2737: Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 2739: Mr. MCKINLEY and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 2883: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2903: Mr. VALADO and Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2931: Mr. JOLLY . H.R. 3012: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 3051: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3229: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 3294: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 3323: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 3411: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3437: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 3564: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 3683: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3742: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 3765: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 3799: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3815: Mr. MARINO and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 3817: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3886: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3892: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 3926: Mr. CUMMINGS and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4143: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4155: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4177: Mr. COHEN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. K IND, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. C OOPER. H.R. 4184: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 4214: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 4223: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4247: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4298: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4310: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4365: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 4428: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4442: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4479: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 4481: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 4559: Mr. GOSAR , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. COLE, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. BABIN. H.R. 4567: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 4584: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 4597: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4602: Mr. CONYERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 4603: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 4625: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 4760: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 4762: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 4764: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4795: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 4816: Mr. ROUZER and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 4828: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. LOVE, and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4867: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4932: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4959: Mr. CROWLEY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. NOEM, and Mr. Z INKE. H.R. 5014: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5015: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 5064: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5067: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. B EYER , Mr. LEVIN, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5090: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. HANNA , Mr. U PTON , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 5167: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5177: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 5180: Mr. WOODALL , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. BABIN, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5182: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5187: Mr. BOSTand Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 5195: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 5230: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H.R. 5282: Mr. TAKANO and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 5292: Mr. PETERS , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 5324: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 5351: Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 5372: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 5428: Mr. KNIGHT , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 5436: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 5457: Mr. BOST. H.R. 5466: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5488: Mr. FRANKEL of Florida and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 5489: Mr. PETERSON , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. BLUM. H.R. 5506: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 5560: Ms. LEE, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 5568: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5577: Mr. BOUSTANY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. FLEMING , and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5578: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 5587: Mr. KENNEDY and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 5589: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5593: Mr. HONDA and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5600: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5608: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 5614: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 5625: Mr. CARNEY and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5628: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 5631: Mr. SCALISE , Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. NUNES , Mr. T HORNBERRY , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5646: Mr. PITTENGER and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 5654: Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. BOST, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5659: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 5666: Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5683: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5686: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5691: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 5695: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 5697: Mr. MULVANEY , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5715: Mr. POMPEO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. TIBERI , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 5722: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. KILMER , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. GABBARD , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. S CALISE, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. MULLIN , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.J. Res. 22: Mr. CASTRO of Texas and Mr. COOPER . H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. PLASKETT and Mr. PIERLUISI . H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. CICILLINE . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H. Con. Res. 140: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. GIBSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl vania, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. BILIRAKIS . H. Con. Res. 143: Mr. BEYER and Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Res. 28: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. D ENHAM . H. Res. 94: Mr. WALZ. H. Res. 112: Mr. CARNEY . H. Res. 402: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H. Res. 467: Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. H AHN, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. CARNEY , Mr. B ECERRA , and Mr. SCHIFF . H. Res. 567: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H. Res. 590: Mr. MESSER . H. Res. 625: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 683: Ms. ESHOO . H. Res. 728: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Ms. HAHN. H. Res. 729: Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. MEEHAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. P ITTS, Ms. ADAMS , and Mr. H ULTGREN . H. Res. 776: Mr. KIND, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, and Ms. E STY. H. Res. 795: Mr. WALZ. H. Res. 807: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 808: Mr. HUFFMAN . H. Res. 810: Mr. MILLER of Florida and Mr. POCAN . H. Res. 811: Mr. DEFAZIO. H. Res. 817: Mr. MCCLINTOCK and Mr. BYRNE . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4953 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 2016 No. 112 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 