Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Black History Month and the countless contributions of African Americans as well as recognizing a man who embodies the best of this celebration. Michael Maroney is president of the Omaha Economic Development Corporation. Our North Omaha community is a vibrant neighborhood, but one still facing economic challenges. Michael finds and furthers projects that result in more jobs, business ownership, diverse housing options, and training opportunities. Through Michael’s leadership, the city of Omaha is making significant strides to lessen the stress and strain of poverty. Every American, no matter the color of their skin, should be able to achieve their full potential. One roadblock to this goal is the Supreme Court’s flawed opinion in the Shelby v. Holder case, 
which significantly weakens the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Until Congress passes bipartisan legislation to right this wrong, every American’s sacred franchise, the right to vote, is under attack. So this Black History Month, let us make time to recommit to working together to ensure a better, brighter, and more equitable future for all Americans. 
ERIC WILLIAMS CORRECTIONAL OFFICERS PROTECTION ACT (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s correctional officers risk their safety every day in order to keep prisoners, visitors, and other officers safe. In most Federal prisons, there are only one or two officers on duty in a cell block, meaning officers are guarding nearly 130 prisoners with virtually nothing to protect themselves. We have seen the reality of this situation with the death of Correctional Officer Eric Williams, who was murdered by an inmate at a Pennsylvania prison. In addition, last year more than 2,500 weapons were confiscated from inmates in Federal prisons. The Bureau of Prisons is currently operating a 1year pilot program that allows correctional officers in some Federal prisons to carry pepper spray for protection. Mr. Speaker, this week the House passed the Eric Williams Correctional Officers Protection Act, legislation that I have supported, to expand this pilot program to mediumsecurity prisons and require a training course before they can use this pepper spray. We need to provide our correctional officers the tools they need to protect themselves and others. 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, San Carlos Park, Florida, June 8, 2014: Maria Navas, 29 years old; Allison NavasSanchez, 10; Sophia MedinaNavas, 5; Mia MedinaNavas, 2. Chicago, Illinois, September 29, 2015: Charles Lewis, 28 years old; Tyrone Spikes, 28; Antian Hardmon, 25; Ayanna Northern, 22. Houston, Texas, November 20, 2013: Yosselyn Alfaro, 21 years old; Veronica Hernandez, 17; Daniel Munoz, 17. Long Branch, New Jersey, September 1, 2015: Amanda Morris, 29 years old; Brandon Beharry, 7; Brian Beharry, 4. Baker, Louisiana, December 11, 2015: Perry Allen, 55 years old; Joseph Allen, 57; Mark Allen, 51. Ottawa, Kansas, April 28, 2013: Steven White, 31 years old; Andrew Stout, 30; Kaylie Bailey, 21; Lana Bailey, 1. RECOGNIZING THE STAR FOUNDATION (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 20th anniversary of the Southern Technology Advocacy Resources Foundation, the STAR Foundation, and its unbelievable capability to transform lives in coastal Georgia. Wally and Katie Orrel and Ellen Murphy founded the STAR Foundation in 1997 with the goal of providing computer training to residents of public housing in Brunswick, Georgia. Over its 20 years, the STAR Foundation has expanded to teaching life, financial, and workreadiness skills that lead their students to be successful members of their community and the workforce. The STAR Foundation’s 8week course is open to students outside of public housing as well as residents of McIntosh and Camden Counties. The impact of this foundation is incredible. Over 1,000 students have graduated from the STAR Foundation, and 70 percent of their graduates improve their employment status within 15 months of graduation. Some outstanding students can even receive a personal computer for their home. I am grateful for the work that the STAR Foundation is doing in the First Congressional District of Georgia, and I wish the program and its graduates success for many years to come. f 
NATIONAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP WEEK (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, small business owners make up over 90 percent of private sector employers in my home State of Hawaii, and they are the backbone of our economy both in Hawaii and across the country. In our closeknit community built on generations of smallbusiness owners willing to lend a hand to a neighbor in need, this is one of the things that makes our State so special and that helps to bring the aloha spirit alive both for visitors and kama‘aina alike. Last week I had the chance to spend some time planting kale and beets at the Palaka Moon Farm with Waimanalo smallbusiness owners Malia Smith and Kevin Vaccarello. I then went and helped them open their Ai Love Nalo cafe, where they seek to improve the health and well being of their community around them by feeding them delicious, locally grown food. It is the hard work of people like Malia and Kevin and the love that they put into their business and work that are at the heart of our economy in communities across the country and in Hawaii. As we recognize National Entrepreneurship Week this week, I want to say thank you to all of our smallbusiness owners and entrepreneurs for their dedication and for what they do to strengthen and serve our communities every single day. f 
THE PRESIDENT’S MISSING PLAN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when I was in law school, if a person did not turn in a term paper, they flunked. But the former constitutional law professor has missed a deadline required by law. Under the bipartisan 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, the President is required to send Congress a real, comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS. He signed this law. The due date was February 15. The paper is overdue. Confronting terrorism and emphasizing the safety and security of the United States is critical. Why hasn’t the President complied with the law he signed? Where is the plan? Where is the strategy? People are being killed by ISIS. The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Lieutenant General Stewart, stated that ISIS ‘‘will probably attempt to conduct additional attacks in Europe, and attempt to direct attacks on the U.S. homeland in 2016.’’ Mr. Speaker, this is not law school. This is the real world where terrorists kill the innocent. The President should spend more time developing a plan to defeat ISIS than planning to close the jailhouse for terrorists in Guantanamo Bay. I wonder what grade the President, the constitutional law professor, would give himself, the Commander in Chief, for ignoring this legal requirement to turn in his paper. And that is just the way it is. 
SENATE SUPREME COURT CONFIRMATION (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the United States Senate is failing to serve the American people. This week Senate Republicans announced their plan to simply ignore President Obama’s nominee to the Supreme Court with no hearings, no votes, no chance for the public to witness an open and honest debate over the future of the Court. This is what the world’s greatest deliberative body looks like under Republican control. Refusing to fill the vacancy until the next election disregards the will of the American people who elected President Obama twice, despite Republicans making it their primary mission to deny him a second term. 
It also reflects a dramatic change of heart from Senator GRASSLEY , who once said a nominee should be considered, regardless of election politics. This is hypocrisy, plain and simple. I accept that Senate Republicans have the constitutional authority to reject the President’s nominee, but I do not accept their refusal to even consider that nominee. The American people shouldn’t accept it either. 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE POTTER COUNTY EXTENSION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Penn State Potter County Cooperative Extension, which connects those in the agriculture industry with the tools and the knowledge to build and grow their farms. This landmark anniversary will be celebrated at the Extension’s annual Black and White Gala this Saturday, February 27. Agriculture continues to be a major industry in Potter County and has also played a big role in the county’s heritage, especially when it comes to potatoes. Potter County is the home of Potato City, which was built in 1949 through the efforts of the Pennsylvania potato growers, packers, and related industries. It was there that Dr. E.L. Nixon, uncle of President Richard Nixon, worked on the development of new types of potatoes for crossbreeding. To this day, the Potato City Country Inn is a tourist destination for people across the Commonwealth. Potatoes from Potter County also continue to be sold across the United States and in many foreign countries. I congratulate the Extension on 100 years of serving local farmers, and I wish them continued success in the future. 
b0915 NATIONAL EATING DISORDERS AWARENESS WEEK (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of National Eating Disorders Awareness Week. Millions of Americans across the country are suffering from eating disorders. It affects their health, their happiness, and can take their lives. I understand what they are going through because I personally struggled with an eating disorder as a teenager and a young woman. I am speaking up today in the hopes of raising awareness and providing hope. I want other young men and women who are struggling as I did to know that they, too, can overcome this. I want to tell them that I know it is difficult, but don’t wait to seek out help. Mr. Speaker, by raising awareness, promoting treatment, and with early intervention, we can save lives. f 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 2406. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 619 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2406. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b0916 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, February 25, 2016, all time for general debate had expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute, recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2406 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sportsmen’s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SHARE Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hunting, Fishing, and Recreational Shooting Protection Act’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that, consistent with applicable laws and regulations, the Chief of the Forest Service and the Director of the Bureau of Land Management should cooperate with State and local authorities and other entities to carry out waste removal and other activities on any Federal land used as a public target range to encourage continued use of that land for target practice or marksmanship training. TITLE III—POLAR BEAR CONSERVATION AND FAIRNESS ACT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Recreational Lands SelfDefense Act of 2015’’. 
The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Recreational Fishing and Hunting Heritage and Opportunities Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hunter and Farmer Protection Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Hunter Access Corridors Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘African Elephant Conservation and Legal Ivory Possession Act of 2015’’. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). 
‘‘The Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may station one United States Fish and Wildlife Service law enforcement officer in the primary United States diplomatic or consular post in each African country that has a significant population of African elephants, who shall assist local wildlife rangers in the protection of African elephants and facilitate the apprehension of individuals who illegally kill, or assist the illegal killing of, African elephants.’’. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect or modify any treaty or other right of any federally recognized Indian tribe. TITLE XII—INTEREST ON OBLIGATIONS HELD IN THE WILDLIFE RESTORATION FUND 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Grand Canyon Bison Management Act’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–429. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . WITTMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 53, line 18, insert ‘‘, subject to appropriation,’’ after ‘‘expended’’. Page 63, strike lines 1 through 8. Strike ‘‘of 2015’’ each place it appears. At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE XVII—OPEN BOOK ON EQUAL ACCESS TO JUSTICE 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, this manager’s amendment makes technical changes to the underlying bill, makes expenditures under the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act subject to appropriation, and eliminates the PittmanRobertson interest on obligations language, title XII, which was signed into law last year. The manager’s amendment also adds an important new title to the bill, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act, which makes that law more transparent. The Equal Access to Justice Act, or EAJA, was originally passed in 1980 as a social safety net program for seniors, veterans, and small businesses. It was designed to pay back these little guys for the cost of suing the Federal Government in a onceinalifetime event. However, special interest groups have used EAJA as a way to be reimbursed for lawsuits when they can’t be reimbursed under the Nation’s environmental laws. These illegitimate reimbursements not only cost taxpayers money, but they tie up our land management agencies, chasing procedural lawsuits instead of doing their actual job. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the manager’s amendment, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I simply take a minute. Since we have no amendments on leaded bullets or lead in fishing, this may be the only time it is germane to clear up an issue from our debate yesterday evening. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ), my good friend, mentioned about at shooting ranges, especially, bullets often end up back in the ground. I just wanted to clarify, and let me quote from the Science and Environmental Health Network, that in the environment many chemicals are degraded by sunlight, destroyed through reactions with other environmental substances or metabolized by naturally occurring bacteria. Some chemicals, however, have features that enable them to resist environmental degradation. They are classified as persistent and can accumulate in soils and aquatic environments. Metals such as lead, mercury, and arsenic are always persistent since they are basic elements and cannot be further broken down and destroyed in the environment. Lead contamination of air, soil, or drinking water can ultimately result in significant exposures in fetuses, infants, and children, resulting in impaired brain development. Mr. Chair, I just wanted to get that on the record that the lead is not going to degrade once it hits the soil during hunting or fishing. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–429. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, H.R. 2406 would increase Federal assistance made available in the PittmanRobertson Act for construction, operations, and maintenance of recreational shooting ranges on public lands. I, myself, am an avid outdoorsman and a big proponent of recreational activities, and I understand the value of recreational shooting. However, I believe that with these privileges come certain responsibilities. One of those responsibilities is to ensure that we are not creating a situation where dangerous people are allowed to hone their shooting skills on the taxpayers’ dime. My amendment today simply says, if you operate a public shooting range and if you receive Federal assistance by way of this act, then you must have a policy, a notice of some sort in place stating that no person who is prohibited by Federal law from possessing a firearm is allowed to use the shooting range. Nothing in this amendment creates new gun laws. Nothing in this amendment would infringe on the rights of responsible gun owners. Nothing in this amendment is onerous in any way. We are simply saying that the Federal Government should not be in the business of subsidizing dangerous people improving their marksmanship or creating spaces around guns where convicted felons feel like they can operate outside the law and endanger lawabiding sportsmen and women. The Federal Government has an obligation to keep people safe. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, this amends the definition of public target ranges in title II and the definition of public target range as used for PittmanRobertson funding. This amendment is unnecessary, as it prohibits behavior which is already against the law. This amendment is also impractical. Administrators at public ranges would have no way of knowing who is prohibited and who is not. Public target ranges are not equipped to run background checks, and requiring them to do so would largely undermine the other purposes of the bill, like expanding access to ranges. This amendment does not distinguish between public target ranges that allow only archery versus those that allow firearm use. The amendment would prohibit, without justification, certain persons from taking advantage of otherwise lawful and harmless recreational archery. Access to the national background check screening data base is strictly limited by law and cannot be used to screen people just because they want to use a target range. The National Rifle Association, the National Shooting Sports Foundation, and Safari Club International oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I strongly encourage my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, with respect for my friend from Virginia, there is nothing in the amendment that suggests or requires background checks for people wanting to use public shooting ranges—in fact, just the opposite. All we are asking is that there be a policy or a notice saying, if you are otherwise prohibited from using weapons under Federal law, that you can’t practice, hone your shooting skills on these ranges. Mr. WITTMAN and I both come from Virginia, where we have six target ranges managed by the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries. Those six public target ranges have 17 rules. These rules include: use paper targets only; organized competitive shooting is prohibited; use of unauthorized target materials, such as cans, bottles, clay birds is prohibited. None of these is onerous. All we are asking is for an 18th rule that says, if you are otherwise prohibited from using a gun under Federal law, then you can’t use it at the target range. We are not trying to extend background checks to everyone. That is not what this says. All we are trying to do is make sure that people who can’t otherwise have possession of a gun don’t go to a target range, rent one, and practice. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I remind the gentleman from Virginia—we all have an interest in shooting sports—that there is no evidence to suggest that there is an issue right now with felons using this opportunity to perpetrate crimes at public shooting ranges, so I think it is a solution in search of a problem. We want to make sure that there is a balance there and that, indeed, people have access to these ranges. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, Federal law prohibits certain criminals from possessing firearms. This amendment assumes that a criminal who is forbidden from possessing a firearm, who then breaks that law and possesses one anyway, will then obey a law that says he can’t bring the illegally possessed gun to a shooting range. I have news for the author of this amendment. The last place a criminal wants to be is on a shooting range where he is surrounded by lawabiding and armed citizens. Criminals prefer gunfree zones where decent people can’t fight back. So what is the real purpose of this amendment? I think it is twofold. The first is to imply that gun ranges are brimming with criminals who are honing their skills to go on rampages. That is an insult to the many millions of Americans who own guns and who use shooting ranges. Second, and more disturbing, it is to put the owners and managers of shooting ranges in an impossible legal position. How are they supposed to comply with this law? The gentleman says, well, they don’t need to do background checks of every consumer, but what else are they then supposed to do in order to abide by this law? Require a 2 week waiting period to make reservations? How long before leftist legal firms begin suing these gun ranges for failing to do due diligence in thoroughly probing the backgrounds of their customers? We have many laws on the books to prohibit the illegal use of firearms and to prohibit criminals from possessing them. That is the problem with criminals: they just don’t obey our laws. But instead of putting them behind bars, where they can’t hurt anyone, the left seeks to make it increasingly difficult for lawabiding citizens to defend themselves. It shouldn’t surprise us that the sum total of these laws is more gun violence and not less. I urge the House to defeat this amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) has 21⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) has 11⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, all I need is just a few seconds to point out to my friend from California that many of the things that he objects to are irrelevant and not germane to this amendment. We are not asking for background checks. We are certainly not setting up a structure where lawyers can sue. We are simply asking for a policy or notice 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–429. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Beginning at page 14, line 3, strike title III. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me, first of all, thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order. Let me also thank Mr. WITTMAN and Mr. B EYER for their leadership on this issue. Let me state for the record that I am from Texas, where there are many fishermen, many hunters, and many sportsmen and women, but we are also a people that understand unto whom much is given, much is expected. My amendment speaks to that very issue. My amendment No. 3 strikes title III of the underlying bill that creates a loophole in the Marine Mammal Protection Act that would allow a handful of hunters to import polar bear trophies into the United States. Let me provide for my colleagues a simple bit of information. Most people do not know, but polar bears are officially classified as marine mammals and, as such, are included under the 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act. They are also listed under the U.S. Endangered Species Act, affording the iconic animals further protection against hunting, trapping, and capturing. Over the last few years, these laws did not stop a handful of wealthy individuals from flying up to Canada to bag a trophy polar bear for their collection back home, even though they were warned that U.S. law would prohibit the importation of skins, heads, and other products from bears that they were hunting. In 1994, wellfunded hunting interests convinced Congress to amend the act, allowing a limited number of bears from trophy hunts, but only if the animal came from a designated population that could withstand the loss. Then in 2007, the Fish and Wildlife Service issued a proposed rule to list the polar bear as threatened. This continues. In the Humane Society letter that supports my amendment, it is indicated that, in fact, we may lose two thirds of the polar bear population by 2070. My amendment is smart, it is right, it is humane. It responds to the conscience and the rightness of this country. I am saddened to see these lovely animals—if I can call them that—become trophies to make someone else feel good. I ask my colleagues to recognize the importance of taking care of what God has given us. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes a provision of the SHARE Act that will allow the importation of 41 polar bears legally harvested from sustainable populations in Canada before the polar bear was listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act. I yield to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, it always interests me when some people try to undo something that has already occurred legally. Legally, these bears were taken under license of the Canadian Government. Legally, they should have been allowed to be imported. And then, Secretary Kempthorne listed the polar bear as a threatened species. They are not endangered. In fact, we have a study now that the polar bear population has increased, not decreased. The point is, these are 41 hides that were shot legally by individual hunters under the auspices of the Canadian law with proper guiding facilities, proper taxidermy facilities, and these bears are dead. By the way, as these dead bears come to the United States, they create money to take and help conserve the rest of the live bears. If I was out buying something or it was given to me and it was declared illegal later on, I can’t keep it? This is silliness. This is a good part of this bill. It rectifies something that was done legally for hunters that did their hunting legally. Now we are saying that for human purposes, for the protection of the polar bear, we are not going to allow those 41 hides to come back into the United States that were shot legally? We are not going to collect the money we used to save polar bears from these legally shot bears. This is not about the future. And by the way, Fish and Wildlife sort of likes this program. I am always amazed that somebody is going to save a species that is not endangered—in fact, is not threatened— because they are going to save dead bears from coming into the United States that were shot legally. I oppose this amendment. It is a mischievous amendment. This amendment was backed by the Humane Society. Of course they are going to support her amendment, but the fact is they were shot legally. They should be allowed to be brought back in the country, as they were shot under the Government of Canada’s auspices. So let’s reject this amendment. Let’s stick to the facts, not emotions. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 21⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia also has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have a letter from the Humane Society that I will include in the RECORD , along with an article regarding polar bear hunting. 
OF THE UNITED STATES , February 24, 2016 Hon. SHEILA JACKSON LEE, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREP. JACKSON LEE: The Humane Society of the United States, Humane Society Legislative Fund, and Humane Society International strongly support your amendment to H.R. 2406, the socalled ‘‘Sportsmen’s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement (SHARE) Act of 2015.’’ This harmful legislation contains a variety of provisions that threaten wildlife, including one that would allow U.S. trophy hunters to import the heads and hides of threatened polar bears from Canada. Your amendment to strike this 
language sends a strong message that our country should be protecting vulnerable species, not carving out exceptions for the small fraction of the hunting public that travels the globe to kill its most majestic creatures. Title III of H.R. 2406 would weaken the Marine Mammal Protection Act by permitting the importation of trophies from 41 polar bears killed as the Fish and Wildlife Service finalized a rule listing them as threatened under the Endangered Species Act. The wealthy trophy hunters that shot these bears had full knowledge of the pending rule, and knew that U.S. law would likely prohibit them from bringing back their kill. We should not give these hunters a free pass to exploit a regulatory loophole. This is just the latest in a recent series of import allowances by Congress. It would send a message that politicallyconnected trophy hunters can kill endangered and threatened species around the globe, put the trophies in storage, and wait around for their congressional allies to get them permission to bring the heads and hides into the country for display over mantles in living rooms. The provision does not help rankand file hunters and sportsmen, who would never dream of traveling to the Arctic to shoot a polar bear, or to Africa to shoot a lion. Scientists estimate that we may lose two thirds of the polar bear population by 2050. Congress should do all it can / to protect such vanishing species from extinction instead of incentivizing trophy hunters to kill as many as possible in advance of pending ESA listings. This is a critical measure to ensure the longterm viability of imperiled animals around the globe. When Cecil, the beloved African lion, was killed by an American dentist it shined a light on the shameful subculture of trophy hunters, who spend their fortunes traveling the globe to kill the rarest and most majestic species on earth. We applaud your amendment, which provides real protections for endangered and threatened species. Sincerely, WAYNE PACELLE , President and CEO, The Humane Society of the United States. MICHAEL MARKARIAN , President, Humane Society Legislative Fund. 
[From TakePart.com, May 5, 2013] POLAR BEARTROPHY HUNTERS : KILLNOW, GETPERMISSION LATER  (By David Kirby) Most people don’t know it, but polar bears are officially classified as marine mammals, and as such are included under the 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act. They are also listed under the U.S. Endangered Species Act, affording the iconic animals further protection against hunting, trapping and capturing. But over the past few years, those laws did not stop a handful of wealthy individuals from flying up to Canada to bag a ‘‘trophy’’ polar bear for their collection back home, even though they were warned that U.S. law would prohibit the importation of skins, heads and other products from the bears they were hunting. Those trophy hunters have in the past managed to secure an exemption from Congress, allowing some of the trophy bears to enter the United States. Now the trophy hunters and their friends in D.C. are at it again. Last week, Rep. Don Young (R–AK) introduced a new bill in the house, ‘‘To amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to allow the importation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada.’’ On the Senate side, Mike Crapo (R–ID) offered a similar though slightly more restrictive bill, the ‘‘Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act of 2013.’’ The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 outlawed the sport hunting of all polar bears in the United States and banned the import of any marine mammal product into the country. But in 1994, wellfunded hunting interests convinced Congress to amend the act, allowing in a limited number of bears from trophy hunts, but only if the animal came from a designated population that could withstand the loss. Then, in January 2007, the Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) issued a proposed rule to list the polar bear as ‘‘threatened’’ on the endangered species list, which meant no bears from any populations could be imported. FWS had until January 2008 to issue its final ruling. But the deadline came and went and there was still no listing of the bears. A federal court intervened, ordering the agency to publish the rule by May 15, 2008, adding that the new rule would take effect immediately. By law, then, no polar bear killed from any population could be imported after May 15, 2008, into the U.S., regardless of when the permit had been issued. Trophy hunters were given repeated warnings from hunting organizations and government agencies that trophy bears killed in 2008 would not be allowed into the United States: They were hunting at their own risk. Even protrophyhunting groups such as Conservation Force issued repeated and dire warnings to its members, including one in a December 2007 newsletter that stated, ‘‘American hunters are asking us whether they should even look at polar bear hunts in light of the current effort by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service to list this species as threatened; [t]he bottom line is, no American hunter should be putting hard, nonreturnable money down on a polar bear hunt at this point.’’ And, the newsletter continued, ‘‘We feel compelled to tell you that American trophy hunters are likely to be barred from importing bears they take this season. Moreover, there is a chance that bears taken previous to this season may be barred as well. American clients with polar bear trophies still in Canada or Nunavut need to get those bears home.’’ The warning was not heeded by everyone. At least 40 Canadian polar bears were killed by U.S. trophy hunters from March until May of 2008—when they were cautioned that the Endangered Species Act would be in effect, disallowing any imports of trophy polar bears. Now, those polar bear carcasses are collecting dust in refrigerated storage in Canada at great cost to the hunters, who desperately want to bring their trophies back stateside. ‘‘We are disheartened to see this type of legislation introduced in Congress. We have seen it time and time again,’’ says Lena Spadacene, policy manager for wildlife protection at the Humane Society of the United States, which has spearheaded the fight against importing polar bear products. A similar bill was introduced in the last session of Congress, Spadacene said, but was defeated by a coalition of conservation groups. ‘‘We worked diligently on that issue and pulled together one of the most comprehensive reports on trophy hunting and exemptions,’’ she says. ‘‘The law should be consistently applied, and we should not have a special carveout for a few trophy hunters who shot polar bears in Canada, knowing full well that they may not be able to import the trophies under U.S. law,’’ the report stated. ‘‘While some argue this is just a small number of trophies, it encourages hunters to continue killing protected species in other countries, store the trophies in warehouses, and simply wait for their allies in Congress to get them a waiver on the imports,’’ the report said. ‘‘It sets a dangerous precedent, and encourages more killing of threatened species and protected marine mammals, which flies in the face of the Endangered Species Act and Marine Mammal Protection Act.’’ ‘‘We don’t want to reward bad behavior.’’ Spadacene says. When the trophy hunters learned that polar bears would be listed as threatened, ‘‘they rushed to Canada to bag themselves a trophy, but some of them did not make it in time. Now they are paying money every month for refrigeration until they can lobby their friends in Congress.’’ It’s a worrying pattern, Spadacene says, and it could easily affect other species in the future. Once it becomes known that a species is about to be put on the endangered list, it motivates some hunters to go out and kill while they still can. And if they miss the deadline, then they hope they can just win an exemption from Washington. ‘‘Passing this legislation now is only going to entice and incentivize the bad behavior even more,’’ Spadacene says. She adds, ‘‘Whenever our elected officials grant special exemptions for trophy hunting, it undermines conservation policy. Shooting an iconic species for display or bragging rights and then crying to Congress for a bailout is simply bad form and should not be tolerated.’’ Spadacene explains the trophy hunters ‘‘were warned of the law and they shot polar bears anyway. If we allow this exemption to happen, we can predict it will happen again with other species, or potentially with polar bears again.’’ Then there is the question of priorities in Congress. With so many problems vexing the country, is the fate of 40 dead bears really so important that Capitol Hill should vote on this bill? ‘‘The last session was what many considered to be the most ineffective and incompetent legislature in the history of democracy, exactly because they were working on legislation like this,’’ Spadacene says. ‘‘It’s this kind of specialinterest legislation that makes Americans frustrated with Congress. It’s so selfserving for a small group of wealthy trophy hunters, and does nothing for the American people or conservation.’’ Judd Deere, a spokesman for Senator CRAPO , has the opposite take on the matter. ‘‘There is nothing more frustrating for the American people than regulations that make no sense,’’ Deere says. ‘‘It’s frustrating for these hunters, and it’s unfortunately requiring Congress to act. This legislation was a commitment that my boss made in the last Congress. We got really close last time. I hope we can get it done this time.’’ It is sure to be a bitter battle. The polar bear legislation ‘‘is being cast as a private relief measure to help a few hunters bring in a handful of personal trophies,’’ the HSUS report said. ‘‘But in reality it would provide incentive for still more killing of polar bears in Canada, by providing more hope to wouldbe bear slayers they can convince Congress to amend the law just one more time.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, scientists estimate, as I indicated, that we may lose twothirds of the polar bear population by 2050. Therefore, we, as custodians of these very precious 
animals, should do all that we can to protect a vanishing species from extinction instead of incentivizing trophy hunters to kill as many as possible in advance of pending ESA listings. This is a critical measure to assure the longterm viability of imperiled animals. Let me also cite for the record that the appeals court upholds Endangered Species Act protections for polar bears. Let me suggest to my colleagues that we saw an unfortunate circumstance just a few months ago when Cecil the lion was killed out of mistake or I don’t know what, but this giant of an animal, this reflection of the idea of the importance of the animal kingdom, was killed. I introduced H.R. 3448, Cecil the Lion Endangered and Threatened Species Act. It is similar to the amendment I have today. I ask my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chair, let me express my appreciation to Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member G RIJALVA for their leadership and commitment to working to maintain and preserve America’s natural resources and wildlife habitat. I also wish to thank Chairman SESSIONS , Ranking Member SLAUGHTER , and members of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3. Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3 is an important revision to the SHARE Act because it serves to preserve the original intent of Congress under the Marine Mammal Protection Act, as well as the Endangered Species Act. Specifically, the Jackson Lee Amendment strikes Title III of the underlying bill that creates a loophole in the Marine Mammal Protection Act which would allow a handful of hunters to import polar bear trophies into the United States in contravention of current law. While H.R. 2406 purports to enhance recreational outdoor opportunities and does in fact have some favorable provisions, Title III, as well as many other harmful provisions make clear, that this legislation would in reality jeopardize already fragile ecosystems and negatively impact animal welfare and wildlife. As a longstanding member of the Congressional Animal Rights Caucus and champion of wildlife preservation and protection of animals, I am deeply concerned about the harmful provisions of H.R. 2406 and the impact this legislation will have on endangered and threatened populations. Title III of the SHARE Act is particularly concerning, because it creates a loophole in the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) allowing for a special class of hunters to import polar bear trophies into the United States in contravention of the law. The MMPA was set up because it was recognized that many marine mammal stocks, including polar bears, were in danger of becoming endangered or extinct. The sole, most important, objective of the MMPA is to help maintain the health and stability of the ecosystem. The polar bears for which these hunters seek permits for were hunted in Canada after the species was proposed for listing as threatened under the Endangered Species Act and was done so with full knowledge and warning that U.S. law would prohibit their eventual importation. Enacting Title III of the SHARE Act would threaten this imperiled species by encouraging hunters to race for trophies the moment a species is considered for listing under the Endangered Species Act, store them abroad and then seek waivers from Congress to import their trophies later. Granting such a waiver sets a dangerous precedent and sends signals to trophy hunters that they can flout the law—effectively rewarding hunters who raced to kill polar bears for trophies before their listing under the Endangered Species Act. Alternately, removal of this language will help ensure that hunters are not encouraged to seek bad faith waivers from Congress to import threatened and endangered species at a later time. These bears were knowingly hunted in Canada after the species was proposed for listing as threatened under the Endangered Species Act. The survival and protection of the polar bear habitat is an urgent issue for wildlife experts and those who treasure our natural habitat. H.R. 2406, as it stands, is opposed by virtually every leading environmental organization in the nation. The Humane Society of the United States, the Humane Society Legislative Fund, and the Humane Society International, as well as several others including the Animal Welfare Institute, Center for Biological Diversity, and Born Free USA have all submitted letters in strong support my Jackson Lee Amendment as a necessary provision to provide real protections for endangered and threatened species. Earlier this year, I also introduced H.R. 3448, the Cecil the Lion Endangered and Threatened Species Act in response to the tragic killing of Cecil the Lion and the impermeable need for greater protections to shield all threatened and endangered species from trophyhunting. You have no doubt heard about the recent tragic illegal killing of Cecil the Lion, a 13 yearold lion, dominant male of his pride, and one of Zimbabwe’s most beloved symbols of wildlife and important driver of tourism. The hunter, along with hired professionals, lured Cecil out of Hwange National Park and shot him, allegedly without a permit, and collected the head and skin. Beyond Cecil, over two thirds of the world’s cat species are recognized as species in need of protection under federal or international law. My legislation to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973, would prohibit the taking and transportation of any endangered or threatened species as a trophy into the United States. Currently, the Endangered Species Act (ESA) does not protect the vast majority of wild animals killed and imported by American hunters. While the ESA allows for the importation of endangered and threatened species for scientific research, propagation or survival of the species, hunters are abusing this limited exception to murder and transport protected wildlife for sport. As a result of the ESA loophole, tens of thousands of wild animals are killed every year by American trophy hunters and transported into the United States. In particular, Africa’s lion population has declined 90 percent in the past 75 years. The conservation of rare and threatened species is critically important to the sustainability of our ecosystem and wildlife as we know it. Polar bears, like African lions, currently face unprecedented threats by humans on two fronts: sport hunting and loss of habitat. The polar bear and African lion are vulnerable species sitting at the top of the food chain. The health of these animals is an indicator and foundation for the health of the ecosystem as a whole, and by protecting the sustainability of these specific umbrella species, we can have tremendous impacts on entire ecosystems. The International Union of Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has ‘‘Red Listed’’ polar bears as a ‘‘Vulnerable’’ species—thus, meeting criteria as a threatened species facing a high risk of extinction in the wild. While Canada is the only country that allows for sport hunting of polar bears, it is unfortunate that what was once a necessity of life for indigenous Inuit communities in Canada, killing polar bears has now become a bloody sport for profit and prestige. It is estimated there are 20,000–25,000 polar bears left in the wild a number that has only been sustainable through federal protection. Mr. Chairman, the SHARE Act of 2015, if enacted would continue to threaten the sustainability of one our most vulnerable species as well as the critical preservation of our wildlife. Scaling back protections on vulnerable and threatened species in the face of legislation aimed to do otherwise will have substantial adverse impacts on wildlife and conservation efforts, as well as policy implications rewarding those who failed to comply with federal law. We simply cannot afford to let threatened and endangered species die needlessly for sport or profit. The Jackson Lee Amendment would protect polar bears while at the same time preserving Congress’s intent under the Marine Mammal Protection Act and the Endangered Species Act. I urge all members to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to reiterate something that Mr. YOUNG said. There is a thousand dollar importation fee that is assessed on all 41 of those trophies. Those dollars go to polar bear conservation and research. So we are looking to use these efforts to continue the promulgation of this species. We want to make sure polar bear populations continue to grow. Hunters provide, I believe, the largest measure of conservation of any group out there that is looking to preserve polar bears. It is in everyone’s interest to make sure these things happen. We have a number of groups out there that are in support of this bill: the Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, the National Rifle Association, the National Shooting Sports Foundation, Safari Club International, and the Boone and Crockett Club. All those organizations are deeply committed to 
making sure that we continue and grow these species. We want to make sure we understand that, but hunters are the best conservationists on the planet because they are involved in making sure the species continue. They use their resources to put into species continuation. They want to make sure these species are properly managed and that we have good science in managing those species. I believe that this is what we want. We want to make sure that we are encouraging that. This amendment does not allow us to do that. It strikes those provisions. I would strongly urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, there are a litany of organizations that are supporting this amendment: the League of Conservation Voters, the Alaskan Wilderness League, Animal Welfare League, Born Free USA. With respect to lions, let me recite that over the last 75 years, we have lost 90 percent of African lions because we did not have the restraints. I would make the argument that we should not do that in this case. When we let go and let free, we will find out that they will go beyond the 41. They will be calling after polar bears for trophies. We need to ban this in our legislation to ensure the protection of all of those. Let me ask my colleagues to take into consideration the importance of our responsibilities of preservation. Trophies? Money? I can assure you that there are a bounty of humane organizations that will provide any amount of dollars to do the research that is necessary to protect this vulnerable population. They are listed on the Endangered Species Act. They are vulnerable. These trophies should not be an indication to the American people that they can bring in polar bears—who may themselves become extinct—because we believe that trophies are more important than studying the species and growing the species to the extent that scientists and others can restrain them and make sure that we do have a population within the realm and reason of supporting the ecosystem that we need. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would reiterate polar bears are not endangered. They are not on the endangered species list. I want to remind folks, too, these 41 trophies were harvested in Canada. Canada has a worldclass management program for polar bears. They have used the best science. Remember, these polar bears were taken in 2008, based upon the science Canada was using to manage the program. The polar bears in Canada, both at the time and now, are increasing in population. Canada does a great job in managing this. This is just a situation where polar bears legally harvested under the best management programs available should be allowed to come back into the United States. I would encourage my colleagues to vote against this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ), I offer amendment No. 4. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 20, line 19, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 20, line 21, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 20, after line 21, insert the following: ‘‘(viii) Administrator of the Small Business Administration or designated representative. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 4 be printed in House Report 114–429 and be modified in the form that I have placed at the desk. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment offered by Mr. COSTA : 
Page 19, line 24, strike ‘‘7’’ and insert ‘‘8’’. Page 20, line 19, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 20, line 21, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 20, after line 21, insert the following: ‘‘(viii) Administrator of the Small Business Administration or designated representative. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, Representative BUSTOS and I would like to thank Congressmen BEYER and W ITTMAN and the Rules Committee for allowing us to present this amendment on the floor. This amendment would help ensure that the interests of small businesses that rely on wildlife conservation and recreational hunting continue to thrive. As established by this bill, the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council Advisory Committee’s duties would include advising the Secretaries of Interior and Agriculture on policies and programs that help increase the participation in hunting and wildlife conservation activities and promote awareness of the importance of both wildlife conservation and the economic benefits of recreational hunting. There is no question that recreational hunting has economic benefits. In 2011, hunters put $38.3 billion into our economy. The small businesses across the country that cater to the needs of these hunters and wildlife watchers—be they stores, hotels, trail guides—are bedrocks of our local economies that are near our public lands. We know that. b0945 As is, however, none of the governmental bodies set to serve on this advisory committee that is being proposed as a part of this legislation represent the perspective or the needs of these small businesses. Small businesses are the economic engine that is driving our economy. We know that. It has been that way for years. They should not be left behind or be left out of this. This amendment would simply add the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to be listed as an exofficio member of this advisory committee. Having a representative from the Small Business Administration or their designee will strengthen the voice of small businesses that rely on tourism associated with hunting or shooting or sports or recreational or wildlife activities that this legislation intends to promote. So my colleague, Representative BUSTOS , and I ask that you join us in supporting this smallbusiness amendment ensuring that they have a seat at the table by supporting this effort. Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–429. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 49, line 20, after the period, insert ‘‘Such closures shall be clearly marked with signs and dates of closures, and shall not include gates, chains, walls, or other barriers on the hunter access corridor.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the numerous hunters in my district who have called me, very frustrated, every hunting season that the National Forest Service, with no cause, no rationale, and no reason, closes down their access to hunt in the Mark Twain National Forest. With gates, locks and chains, they limit the residents of central and southeast Missouri. I have been contacted by numerous folks in my district about not having proper postings of corridors within the National Park System whenever they decide to change its random gates. What this amendment would do is it would require the National Forest Service to publish signs of any hunting corridors that they decide to close. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to state that we support this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–429. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 59, line 10, strike ‘‘ OFFICER ’’ and in sert ‘‘
OFFICERS ’’. Page 59, beginning at line 16, strike ‘‘
OFFI CER’’ and insert ‘‘ OFFICERS ’’. Page 59, line 20, strike ‘‘one’’. Page 59, line 21, strike ‘‘officer’’ and insert ‘‘officers’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would allow U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service law enforcement officers to be placed in diplomatic posts abroad in an effort to combat the illegal killing of African elephants. Honestly, this is an activity in which the Fish and Wildlife Service already engages. What the underlying bill does in section 1004, however, which I think is commendable, is explicitly authorizes this activity in law for the first time. Unfortunately, I feel the authorization is overly narrow because it allows only one FWS officer to be placed in a single country at a time. I think this was likely a drafting oversight and simply wish to allow more than one FWS officer to be assigned to a foreign country at a time. Let me be clear. This amendment does not mandate that multiple officers be sent abroad. It does not authorize any additional funds for these activities. It does not require an increase in any way on the number of FWS officers placed abroad. It simply allows more than one FWS officer to be placed in a single country at any given time. In reality, this amendment could, should we wish it, result in a net decrease in the number of FWS law enforcement agents placed abroad, resulting in lowered costs to the U.S. Government for these activities. Imagine a scenario in which elephant poaching and ivory trafficking was running rampant in 20 different nations and we wished to assist in the combating of these activities by leveraging the expertise and experience of U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service officers. As written, we would only be allowed to place one officer in each country, for a total of 20 total officers deployed internationally. What if the Secretary of the Interior determined, however, that formulating a task force of five specialists, who would be deployed jointly, as needed, would be the best possible course of action to combat the poaching of African elephants? As written, the SHARE Act would force this task force to be split up and housed in five different African nations. The amendment before us, however, would permit the entire task force to be housed under one roof. At the end of the day, housing the entire task force in a single location could be much more effective strategically and could result in significant savings to the U.S. Government if it is housed in the nation with the lowest cost of living. Mr. Chair, no matter how one may feel about the broader bill before us, I feel that section 1004 of the bill is a worthwhile section. I hope you will support my amendment seeking to improve it. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title X add the following: 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study examining the effects of a ban of the trade in of fossilized ivory from mammoths and mastodons on the illegal importation and trade of African and Asian elephant ivory within the United States, with the exception of importation or trade thereof related to museum exhibitions or scientific research, and report to Congress the findings of such study. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, today I am offering an amendment to the SHARE Act to direct the Government Accountability Office to delve deeper into an important issue, and that is the ivory trade, which has sparked international concern. Last year my home State of California became the third State in the country to approve tougher restrictions on the intrastate ivory trade, joining New York and New Jersey in that regard. The new California law, AB 96, closes a loophole that had allowed the import of ivory harvested from animals killed before 1977. Now, this loophole made a ban of the import of elephant ivory nearly impossible to enforce because distinguishing between pre and post1977 ivory products would require very expensive isotope testing. The California law also included a ban on the growing trade in mammoth ivory—this is ivory discovered in Siberia and elsewhere—ironically made easier because of warming weather and melting tundra due to the impacts of climate change. There is growing concern that Chinese ivory traders are passing off illegal elephant tusks as mammoth ivory in order to avoid international elephant ivory bans. But distinguishing between mammoth ivory and elephant ivory requires technical testing, which makes, again, enforcement of an elephant ivory ban very difficult unless the mammoth ivory trade is also addressed. Now, some argue that, despite this difficulty, legal mammoth ivory can reduce the market for illegal elephant ivory. Although I don’t agree with that, I do understand the concerns. That is why, with this amendment, we are simply asking the GAO to study 
the issue, to look at what various experts have to say, and give us some advice. To make smart policy decisions, we need that kind of information on how a ban on the trade of fossilized ivory from mammoths would affect the illegal importation and trade of elephant ivory within the United States. So I respectfully request your support of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I would request an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Beginning at page 69, line 1, strike title XIV. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, title XIV of this bill would give States and territories the authority to override Federal fishing rules in coastal waters of national parks, national marine sanctuaries, and some marine national monuments. This is simply not right. Places like Biscayne National Park, Hawaiian Islands Humpback Whale National Marine Sanctuary, and Rose Atoll Marine National Monument belong to all Americans, not just to the fishing interests in Florida, Hawaii, and American Samoa. Protection of these special ocean places has overwhelming public support and is recognized by the scientific community as critical to making fisheries more productive. What is more, most of these areas do not even preclude fishing. California’s national marine sanctuaries generate more than $140 million a year in economic impact from commercial fishing. Recreational anglers spend more than $100 million a year on fishing in the Florida Keys. I attended the public hearing in Homestead, Florida, last year on closing a very small part—less than 6 percent—of Biscayne National Bay for a marine national monument simply to bring the fish back, many fish that fishermen there hadn’t seen in years. But fishing is not the only important use of these waters. Whale watching, snorkeling, scuba diving, and scientific research all generate enormous benefits, not to mention the impact that protecting coral reefs and other diverse productive habitats has on stabilizing our oceans and our fisheries in the face of global warming. Sometimes it is necessary to protect certain areas of the ocean, particularly those that have been overfished in the past or are particularly sensitive to fishing impacts, if we want to support a wide variety of uses and keep our oceans healthy. Science shows that this benefits fishermen in the long run as well. My amendment is simple. It strikes title XIV of H.R. 2406 and leaves fishery management decisions in the waters of marine parks, sanctuaries, and monuments up to the Federal agencies charged with managing these resources in trust for all Americans. We would never think of allowing Wyoming to set hunting rules for Yellowstone, but without this amendment, this bill would allow the same thing to happen for our ocean parks that are every bit as magnificent. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. b1000 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, yesterday I noted that one of our principal objectives of the Federal lands policy must be to restore the Federal Government as a good neighbor to the communities impacted by the Federal lands. Gifford Pinchot, the founder of the Forest Service, advised his foresters to find out in advance what the public will stand for. If it is right and they won’t stand for it, postpone action and educate them. That is essentially what this bill does. It says that the Federal Government needs to listen to States and territories before imposing fishing regulations in State waters. This amendment would strip this language and say, in effect: We don’t care what local communities think. We know what is best. It speaks volumes about why States and communities are openly revolting against Federal lands policy. Pinchot also advised us to get rid of an attitude of personal arrogance or pride of attainment of superior knowledge. I would commend that advice to the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, with respect to my colleague and friend from California, I don’t think that is the way the system works. In fact, right now fishing limitations are developed in coordination with their respective States and territories. They are just not given final, blanket veto power. The Park Service and the States benefit from cooperative fisheries research and management and full participation. My only personal experience is with the Biscayne Bay where there were many, many public hearings. The public was fully involved. The fishermen, pro and con, were fully involved in it. The idea is not to eliminate the close coordination of partnership with the States and with the territories, but, rather, to avoid giving the States and territories the ultimate veto power over what essentially are national decisions. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ). Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. Now, we know the Natural Resources Committee is a rowdy one to manage, with lots of difficult decisions and inflamed passions. But I thank Chairman BISHOP and the great subcommittee chairmen and all of the members for doing a great job in ensuring that the American people are the ultimate beneficiaries of our amazing public lands and waters. This title XIV language that would be stripped out of the underlying bill by this amendment was taken from my bill, the Preserving Public Access to Public Waters Act, which has 36 bipartisan cosponsors, including nearly two thirds of the Florida delegation. Floridians understand the importance of balancing environmental, recreational, and economic considerations along our coast because our State is the fishing capital of the world. With that balance in mind, we worked to carefully develop and tailor this language so that it would only apply to a very small area of near shore waters with deep importance to fishermen. My colleague and this amendment’s sponsor himself said in the committee markup that the National Park Service and the National Marine Sanctuaries cover a negligible percentage of waters within traditional State jurisdiction. He is right that we are talking about a relatively small area, but these waters have outsized importance to the folks living in nearby communities. In my district, the National Park Service is attempting to close over 30 percent of Biscayne National Park’s reefs to fishing in perpetuity as part of its new general management plan and in opposition to the scientific and management expertise of the FWC, Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. FWC has worked for over a decade to develop mutually agreeable and scientifically supported fishing restrictions that stop short of a full closure in these waters, but the National Park Service has completely disregarded the State’s authority to manage its own fishing resources in Biscayne National Park. 
Rather than work with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Committee, what did the National Park Service do? It decided to abdicate its responsibility to the American public to try to balance environmental, recreational, and economic considerations. Instead, the National Park Service kowtowed to the whims of a single special interest group that bankrolled tens of thousands of form letters from across the country to hijack the public comment section in favor of closing fishing access to State waters upon which local fishermen depend. That is not the proper use of the public comment process. It is not in the best interests of south Floridians. It is not in the best interests of the American people. It is not reflective of how we should manage public waters. Let me be clear. The title XIV language in this bill is narrowly targeted. It is simply to keep States involved in the management of their own waters. It does not apply in any way to Federal waters. This language is not antienvironment. It does not roll back any existing environmental protections nor fishing regulations currently enshrined in law. Without keeping this language in the bill, Mr. Chairman, the example that the National Park Service is setting in Biscayne National Park will create a terrible precedent for other State and territorial waters in similar circumstances. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge all of our colleagues to oppose this harmful amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). The gentleman from Virginia has 2
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in response and with respect to my friend, the representative from Florida, Biscayne Bay National Park is 164,800 acres. These are Federal lands. This is a national park, Federal waters. She mentioned that only they are going to close 30 percent of the reefs. It is very important to note that the reef that existed 100 years ago is down to only 6 percent that is left. So the 30 percent that is going to be closed is 2 percent of the original reef. The whole purpose is to actually serve that special interest, the fishing interest of Florida, who desperately need the revival of the fish. We found at the public hearing that at least half of the fishermen there were for closing it, and all the fishermen pointed out that the water was so far away, it was rarely fished at all. The worry was the precedent, not the specific part that is closed. We point out that Biscayne Bay itself is only less than 2 percent—1.4 percent—of all Florida’s waters. So this is a very tiny part. But the point here is not for any special interest, but to revise, because study after study after study have shown that where these marine sanctuaries are created, the fish recover much faster even than scientists expected. This is for the longterm benefit of the fishing community, for anglers throughout the world, especially serving the larger interests of the American public. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important amendment. We resist giving veto power over Federal decisions to State governments and territorial governments. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 71, Line 13, insert ‘‘the Mark Twain National Forest in the State of Missouri,’’ after ‘‘Mississippi,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, the great outdoors and hunting traditions of the United States are a way of life for folks all over our great country. Throughout our history, they have been championed by Presidents George Washington, Dwight Eisenhower, and Teddy Roosevelt, who established national forests, game preserves, and national parks. The SHARE Act continues these great traditions. My amendment, which adds Mark Twain National Forest to the list of forests provided in the section, assures the residents of Missouri that no executive order, no executive action, or no bureaucrat sitting in Washington, D.C., who has never set foot on Mark Twain National Forest will write a rule inhibiting the ability to hunt or fish in our national forests. This amendment secures our freedom to be avid sportsmen. Folks in Missouri don’t want an overzealous administration to be able to come in and dictate to the hunters and anglers of Missouri by executive fiat. Over 1.3 million Missourians hunt or fish, and many go to the Mark Twain National Forest each year. It covers roughly 2,331 square miles, 1.5 million acres, most of which reside in Missouri’s Eighth Congressional District. I ask the body to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am opposing this amendment, first and foremost, because it, like so many provisions already in the bill, seeks to prevent U.S. public lands from being managed for the benefit of all Americans. National forests are lands of many uses, including hunting and fishing. But how those uses are balanced should be decided by expert land managers at the Forest Service through a process that is open to the public and consistent with our national conservation laws, not by a few wellconnected hunters and their allies in Congress. Furthermore, the practice that this section of the bill is trying to protect is using dogs to hunt deer. Not only is this an ethically questionable hunting tactic, it is wildly controversial in the States listed in this title as well as in my State of Virginia. Its opponents, Mr. Chairman, are not who you might think. These are not what was described yesterday as radical leftists. In fact, it is the complaints from private landowners and not overbearing bureaucrats, not environmentalists, that led the Forest Service to ban deer hounding in Louisiana’s Kisatchie National Forest in 2012. Don’t take my word for it. A 2014 column in Louisiana Sportsman stated: 
The boot that finally stamped the life out of deer hunting with dogs in Kisatchie National Forest was trespassing on private property . . . homeowners reported people standing on the public roads in front of their homes with guns, waiting for deer to appear. They reported dogs on their property sometimes attacking their chickens or other livestock. And, worst of all, the homeowners reported belligerent and insolent behavior by these people standing on the roads and entering their property to retrieve their dogs. 
Missouri’s Mark Twain National Forest, the subject of this bill, was the scene of a major law enforcement action that found 46 people guilty of illegally hunting deer with dogs in 2013, this in spite of the fact that the practice had already been banned in Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment that is a commonsense amendment that prevents discrimination against hunters on public Federal lands by preventing the Forest Service from creating their own hunting laws that are in conflict with State laws on neighboring State and privately owned lands. Mr. Chairman, for many people, the public lands on the national forests are the only place they have to hunt. There are many traditions and many different ways that people enjoy hunting in the outdoors in my State as well as others. We already have similar language in the bill for national forests in Louisiana, Oklahoma, Mississippi, and Arkansas, and I support adding the Mark Twain National Forest in Missouri to this bill. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to emphasize that the Forest Service doesn’t prohibit hunting right now in the Mark Twain National Forest. It simply prohibits hunting deer with dogs. It does this because of complaints from private landowners, not from the environmentalists and not from bureaucrats. This is literally respect for the public input that comes from that. I continue to urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is just a commonsense amendment that adds the Mark Twain National Forest to the several other forests that are mentioned in the four other States. I ask the body to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: After section 1502, insert the following: 
The Chief of the Forest Service shall publish a notice in the Federal Register for the closure of any public road on Forest System lands, along with a justification for the closure. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. b1015 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 2406, the SHARE Act, and urge my colleagues to support its adoption. This amendment is very straightforward. It simply requires the Forest Service to publish a notice in the Federal Register along with a justification explaining the decision for the closure of any public road on Forest Service lands. Some of you may ask why this amendment is necessary, and that is understandable because, fortunately, many Americans have never had to deal with this issue. However, in my district in the Pacific Northwest and in many Federal forests across the country, many people have faced the reality that a public road that they have used for decades is suddenly closed. When I say ‘‘closed,’’ if I could refer your attention to this photograph, there is a picture indicating that a road is no longer even available for use. It is not just a chain going across the road. However, the reality is far worse. When the Forest Service closes many of these public roads, they do so by piling gravel, downing trees, or both, in order to block access. At other times, they create what are called tank traps, essentially large ditches dug into the ground that makes passage impossible. Furthermore, these practices create impediments that not only block human access but can also restrict the movement of wildlife in our national forests. This has become a serious issue in central Washington. For many people who use these roads, it can have detrimental impacts on their everyday lives, whether by making their daily travel much longer or by restricting access to campsites or treasured areas in our national forests. Some of these roads have been in use for 70 or 80 years, with generations of Washingtonians using them for forest access and recreation. Yet, in most cases, the Forest Service has closed them without even first notifying local residents and the surrounding communities. Mr. Chairman, I believe the first indication of a public road being closed should not come when an individual or a family is faced with an impassable roadway, but rather through adequate public notice from the Forest Service. That is why I have introduced this amendment today. Just to be clear, my amendment simply requires the Forest Service to provide notification when closing a public road on Forest Service land as well as justification for such a decision. This is an important first step in ensuring that rural communities and residents are given proper warning and advance notice when a public roadway will suddenly be blocked and access to a Federal forest area will no longer be available. Local residents and communities deserve to know when such an action is taking place and whether forest action will be denied. This amendment will guarantee the Forest Service is being transparent in future decisions and closures. Mr. WITTMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. NEWHOUSE for yielding. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, rural communities deserve better from their government. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I want to compliment Mr. NEWHOUSE on introducing this amendment. These roads were built with taxpayer dollars, yet the Forest Service arbitrarily goes in and shuts those roads down so people don’t have access to them. We have the same problem in our forests in Alaska: no notification, and then they will spend millions of dollars closing down a road that the public had access to. Their excuse is: well, it is our land. We don’t have to worry about other people using this road now, so we will just isolate everybody from it. So I compliment the gentleman for the introduction of his amendment. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments from the good gentleman from Alaska. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in ambivalent opposition to my friend’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, first, I want to let Representative NEWHOUSE  know I completely appreciate the dilemma that he is in and appreciate the motivation for this amendment. My one concern is that it will require the chief of the Forest Service to publish notice in the Federal Register, along with a justification, any time a national Forest Service road is closed, and there may be some unintended consequences which we should at least think about. For example, the amendment will require the Forest Service to publish the 
Federal Register notice to close a road that is being engulfed by wildfire, or a road that is covered with debris after a tornado or in jeopardy of being swept away after a landslide, a power line down on the road, or even one that is closed to prevent militants from coming and going, as we have recently seen. I certainly am sympathetic to the idea that there should be a justification for anything that closes a public road that people have used for many, many years, but I also don’t want to hamstring them from closing roads that are necessary for the public safety. I tepidly encourage a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I would only say that since this is a bill, the SHARE Act, about public access, about use of our treasures, our national forests and public lands, all we are asking from the Forest Service is a little bit of transparency, notice so that people aren’t caught off guard. Certainly there are extenuating circumstances where notice, if there is a downed power line or debris is in the middle of a road that makes it impassable, it seems to me that is a time when notice is even more necessary and imperative for the public good. I appreciate the gentleman’s comments, but would still urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . FLEMING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE XVII—UTILITY TERRAIN VEHICLES 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Louisiana has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to just say in rebuttal to my good friend that it is very interesting the radical environmental lobby wants to set aside the forest for the enjoyment of humans. The only problem is they cut off all access through their lobbying power by humans to this valuable land, like Kisatchie National Forest. If we are going to have a national forest set side for the American people, let the American people enjoy it. As such, they can’t get in there without some type of vehicle. If they have game, they can’t get the game out unless they have some type of vehicle. As for the Forest Service, yes, of course, the Forest Service opens for public comment, but they still do what they want to do anyway. That is the whole problem. It is time that we allow the American people to step forward and speak in favor of their lifestyles, particularly the hunter lifestyle, the ‘‘Sportsman’s Paradise’’ lifestyle that we enjoy in Louisiana. Mr. WITTMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. FLEMING. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I would just simply like to close and say let’s think about the American people, and let’s give the American people access to the valuable and beautiful land that we have here in this Nation. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. FLEMING ). The amendment was agreed to. b1030 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE XVII—INTERSTATE TRANSPORTATION OF FIREARMS OR AMMUNITION 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, this is a civil liberties amendment. It clarifies and strengthens existing Federal law. The amendment is necessary, unfortunately, because while the underlying law protects a traveler who is transporting a firearm under the Federal regulations that the firearm has to be locked in a proper container and out of the reach of the person if he is in a car, et cetera, in one’s traveling from State A to State B, sometimes on the way from State A, where the gun is lawful, to State C, where the gun is lawful, one must pass through State B, where the gun may or may not be lawful. What we have found is that, notwithstanding the fact that it is lawful in State A and is lawful in State C and is protected by Federal law while being transported, some State and local governments have decided that they are not going to follow the Federal law, and they end up arresting the otherwise lawabiding traveler. We have examples of this. It is not just that they are out and are necessarily looking for the traveler, but there are circumstances that occur. One example that happens fairly frequently is that an airline passenger has done everything he is supposed to have done in that he has followed all of the security rules. Then, for reasons beyond his control, his flight in State B is missed. So he has traveled lawfully and he has checked his gun lawfully, he has done everything he is supposed to have done, but when he gets to the layover terminal, his flight is either already gone or it has been canceled. In one case in particular, the gentleman was told ‘‘you need to go a hotel. Take your bags. Come back the next morning.’’ When he went back the next morning, he was arrested by State law enforcement individuals because his gun was not legal, notwithstanding the fact that he had done everything he was supposed to have done. In another very tragic situation, a gentleman was traveling from New Jersey to South Carolina. He was a veteran, so he stopped off in Washington, D.C., at Walter Reed, to see one of his doctors. He was lawfully transporting the firearm under Federal law and he was arrested. Now, while most of these cases end up getting worked out either as a misdemeanor or by some other arrangement, it is still a great impediment on the traveler to use the Federal law lawfully. 
This amendment says if that happens, if one is stopped by the State or the local government, that the prosecutor in that State or local area must prove his case beyond a reasonable doubt that this individual was not following the Federal law. It sounds like a pretty reasonable American principle. If it is determined that the traveler was lawful and was actually arrested and has to go to court to defend himself, the court will award attorneys’ fees to that individual. We are just trying to make him whole. We are not paying him for the time he served in jail. We are not paying him for the fact that his vacation plans or his travel plans were disrupted. We are just saying that there ought to be something that tells the local and State governments that you ought not do this again or you are going to pay this gentleman or this gentlewoman her attorneys’ fees. To me, that is taking care of civil liberties and is making sure that the people who are following the law are not wrongfully arrested without their having any recourse. I see this as a civil liberties amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would weaken current law, undermine State laws concerning the carrying of firearms, and harm the efforts of law enforcement to take action against illegal firearms trafficking. Current law applies only to the transportation of a firearm in a motor vehicle. This bill would expand current law to allow a person to transport a gun outside a motor vehicle so long as the firearm is unloaded and locked in a container or is secured with a safety device. This would allow a person to walk down the street with an unloaded gun as long as the gun had a trigger lock on it, regardless of the State’s laws on carrying guns in public. This amendment would also allow guns on trains, cable cars, and trollies so long as the guns are unloaded and locked, regardless of State or local laws. This is because trains, cable cars, and trollies are not considered to be motor vehicles under the applicable Federal definition. Current Federal law gives State governments the authority over firearms in these forms of transportation, but the Griffith amendment would remove that authority. The proposed amendment would also have a negative impact on our law enforcement officers’ ability to enforce our gun laws. Specifically, this amendment would make it more difficult for officers to investigate suspected gun traffickers and people who illegally carry weapons. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter from the Police Foundation. 
STATEMENT OF THE POLICE FOUNDATION REGARDING PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE  SPORTSMAN ’SBILL(HR 2406), F EBRUARY 25, 2016 The Police Foundation expresses its grave concerns with a proposed amendment to the Sportsman’s Bill (HR 2406), by Congressman Morgan Griffith from Virginia, which will have a chilling effect on enforcement of illegal gun possession and other gun crimes. We strongly oppose the amendment’s provision that could make law enforcement agencies liable for investigative stops and detentions of armed subjects. Further, the proposed amendment will drastically undermine states’ concealed carry licensing laws. States must be able to determine their own concealed carry statutes and regulations that fit the values and enhance the safety of their communities and constituents. At a time when many cities and counties have just witnessed 2015 come to an end with increased homicides and nonfatal shootings, Congress should strengthen, not weaken enforcement of our nation’s gun laws. We call on Members of Congress to support law enforcement officers as they perform the most dangerous job of confronting shooters and other armed criminals, and to uphold state and local efforts to make communities safer. We urge Members of Congress to oppose the proposed amendment. 
Mr. BEYER. The letter expresses the Police Foundation’s grave concerns with this amendment. They write that this amendment ‘‘will have a chilling effect on the enforcement of illegal gun possession and other crimes.’’ Why would Congress narrow the limited set of enforcement tools our police officers currently have to pursue suspected gun traffickers? The Griffith amendment subjects a police officer to a personal lawsuit when he or she detains or arrests someone whom the officer reasonably believed at the time of detainment was illegally trafficking or was carrying a firearm. We must respect our officers’ ability to use discretion, albeit limited, when determining if gun trafficking is occurring; so subjecting them to personal lawsuits when they are simply trying to do their jobs to protect us seems a little reckless. These brave men and women should not be afraid to carry out their investigative duties due to the fear of being sued. For this reason, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. I thank the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I am glad that the gentleman brought up the dilemma that this amendment would pose for law enforcement. It would, shockingly, actually, impose individual penalties on law enforcement officers who are just trying to do their jobs but who might mistakenly detain someone in connection with his possession of a firearm if he were transporting it in a way that is protected under this amendment. This is going to have a chilling effect on law enforcement’s ability to protect Americans from gun trafficking, to make us safer at a time when there are more guns in the hands of more people than ever before, when we have more accidents, when we are experiencing a tragic gun violence epidemic. I am also concerned that this amendment goes a little further than just being a narrow cleanup of the anecdotal stories we heard about travelers who were inconvenienced or detained. As I read the amendment, it not only would allow a person to walk down the street with an unloaded gun, as long as that gun had a trigger lock on it—regardless of State law, regardless of any local rules that may be in effect—it would allow one to take that gun onto trains, cable cars, and trollies even if local jurisdictions prohibited that. Again, so long as the gun had a trigger lock in place. Now, in my district we had a tragic incident a couple of years ago in which a young teenager had a toy AK–47, and law enforcement believed that it was an actual gun that was threatening members of that community. They fired shots that took that young man’s life. Imagine the dilemma, whether intended or unintended, as a consequence of this bill, and people could suddenly go into parks or even onto public transportation with real AK–47s. What kind of dilemma would law enforcement face? Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have to tell you that I am really surprised that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle aren’t supporting this civil liberties amendment. Clearly, they have misinterpreted the amendment. First of all, it only applies if somebody is lawfully transporting a gun— where it is lawful in State A to another State where it is lawful. If you are going to be on a trolly car or on a cable car, you have to be transporting that gun from one State to another and it has to have been lawful to begin with and lawful at the terminis. It is only in the interim that that would be an issue. I would say to the gentleman that this is not about any kind of personal lawsuits against law enforcement officers. It says the court shall award attorneys’ fees against the local government or the State that is prosecuting the individual. I would also say to the gentleman that it is only for wrongful arrest. I practiced criminal law for 28 years. There is a huge difference between detention, which my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have alleged this bill would affect, and arrest. This bill does not do one single thing. They are simply mistaken on detention. It doesn’t do anything. If you want to 
stop somebody, if you want to investigate, he may miss his flight. Arrest means one has been placed into custody, has been taken down to the station, has been booked, and is having to post bond. That is what this bill deals with. When someone is wrongfully arrested, when he has been following the Federal law, he should, in fact, have his attorneys’ fees restored to him. It is reasonable attorneys’ fees. It is not whatever—the sky and the Moon—the attorney might ask for. A court determines if they are reasonable attorneys’ fees. This is just a small measure to make sure that when somebody makes a mistake and a local government goes forward with a prosecution, that you get some of that back. We are not paying you for being in jail. We are not paying you for being arrested. We are not paying you for having your rights taken. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that we are certainly not objecting to reasonable attorneys’ fees and to making people whole. It is the idea that law enforcement officers can be held personally responsible and can be, actually, personally sued for doing their jobs that we object to. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) very much. I sit on the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Chairman, I would say to the gentleman who is the proponent of the legislation that, first of all, we have a responsibility to keep law and order; we have a responsibility to protect the Second Amendment; and we have a responsibility to law enforcement officers. Tragically, in the backdrop of this debate was an individual who secured guns and killed and slaughtered people just last night. We want to make sure that we are safe and that we are dealing with issues that are important to protecting our law enforcement. First of all, this amendment is unnecessary. Current Federal law already entitles a person to transport a firearm from one place to another so long as the firearm is unloaded and the needs of the firearms or any ammunition being transported is not readily accessible or directly accessible from the passenger compartment, et cetera. This amendment intends to make a Federal open carry law. This open carry law should be one of the State’s determinations. It happens to exist in the State that I am from. It should not be placed upon the entire country by Federal law. Why? Because whether a gun is supposed to be locked or has a trigger on it, it still poses a threat, possibly, to our law enforcement. I oppose this amendment because it is unnecessary and because it puts our law enforcement persons in danger. I would ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment and acknowledge the shooting in Kansas as evidence that we don’t need more guns being carried back and forth on the streets. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . HARDY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK), I offer amendment No. 13. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE XVII—GOOD SAMARITAN SEARCH AND RECOVERY 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of a critically important amendment being offered by my friend and colleague from Nevada, Congressman JOEHECK. This amendment would ensure the inclusion of the text of H.R. 373, the Good 
Samaritan Search and Recovery Act of 2015, in the underlying bill. The Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act, of which I was an original cosponsor, is a commonsense, bipartisan solution to tearing down the bureaucratic roadblocks that are preventing grieving families from achieving closure when their loved ones go missing on Federal lands. b1045 This issue was first brought to light by the separate, but tragically similar, cases in Las Vegas of the taxi driver Keith Goldberg and Air Force Staff Sergeant Antonio Tucker. Mr. Goldberg and Staff Sergeant Tucker were missing and presumed dead, with their remains believed to have been missing somewhere within the Lake Mead National Recreation Area. In both cases, the local, experienced search and recovery groups volunteered their time and resources to help locate the remains of the missing individuals. Unfortunately, due to the unnecessary bureaucratic hurdles from the Federal Government, the group volunteering to help locate and recover Mr. Goldberg’s remains was denied access to the Park Service land to conduct its search for 15 months and the group volunteering to help locate the remains of Staff Sergeant Tucker were denied access for 10 months, needlessly delaying the closure their families sought. This is absolutely unacceptable, and it must change. This amendment will do that. Once these bureaucratic hurdles were finally cleared and the Good Samaritan search and recovery groups were allowed access to the park, Mr. Goldberg’s remains were recovered in less than 2 hours and the remains of Staff Sergeant Tucker were recovered in less than 2 days. Dr. HECK, a former member of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department’s search and rescue team, originally introduced this legislation because he could no longer stomach the cases where unnecessary red tape continued to get in the way of providing closure for families faced with tragically similar circumstances. During the 113th Congress, a similar bill passed the House with a unanimous vote of 394–0, further proving its bipartisan support. Unfortunately, the Senate failed to take action on the measure. Last April the House again passed this important legislation 413–0. Mr. Chairman, those are two votes on this Good Samaritan bill totaling 807 in favor and none opposed. Given our current political climate, it just doesn’t get more bipartisan than that. We cannot afford to let the Senate’s inaction get in the way of achieving this critical fix that will provide closure for so many Americans. We must pass this amendment so that future families won’t have to suffer the mental anguish and heartache that the families of Keith Goldberg and Antonio Tucker did. In closing, I again thank my colleague from Nevada for offering the amendment that will truly help the people we serve. I also thank the chairman and ranking member of the Natural Resources Committee for all their diligent work in the Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Nevada. I urge my colleagues to strongly support this amendment. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill add the following: TITLE ll—GRAY WOLVES 
Before the end of the 60day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on December 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance shall not be subject to judicial review. 
Before the end of the 60day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance shall not be subject to judicial review. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am proud today to offer the only bipartisan amendment that has been found in order on this bill. I am really proud, after working in Congress now for three terms, that Members from both the majority and the minority have come together in an effort to protect the Endangered Species Act. This amendment speaks directly to the issue of gray wolves protected by the Endangered Species Act in the western Great Lakes region of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Minnesota, as well as Wyoming. There was a period of time that the gray wolves had become almost extinct in these areas and the scientists at the Fish and Wildlife Service decided to protect them from extinction by listing the gray wolf as an endangered species. That work was so successful that, in 2011, the Fish and Wildlife Service decided to delist the gray wolf. In fact, there are now hundreds of mating pairs in these regions. However, those wolves have created some problems. In spite of this remarkable recovery, in spite of how robust this is, a surprise Federal court ruling took place in 2014 and invalidated the scientists at the Fish and Wildlife Service who were given the responsibility under law of the Endangered Species Act to manage this population. So my amendment is simple. It just simply restates and delists the wolves in these four States only. That is what my amendment does. It protects the Endangered Species Act and the scientists who work at the Fish and Wildlife Service. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, that was extraordinary. We are here to protect the Endangered Species Act by preempting litigation for violations of the Endangered Species Act. That is pretty extraordinary. I mean, we are not only having Groundhog Day here—because this bill has passed three times before and failed to receive any consideration in the Senate and the same thing will happen yet again with this bill—but now we are wandering into Alice in Wonderland. That is extraordinary. Yes, the Fish and Wildlife Service did delist in the States the gentleman mentioned, but they required that each of those States adopt scientifically based management plans. Well, the scientifically based management plan in Wyoming is open season on wolves. Let’s try and exterminate them again. There has also been a tremendous loss of population in a number of the other States that the gentleman referred to. So a judge has found that they violated the Endangered Species Act because they didn’t adopt scientifically based management plans. You know, these are horrible predators, as you can see here. They are very, very fierce. They are, of course, responsible for huge, huge, unbelievable—big, as Donald Trump would say, really big—depredation on cattle. Let’s look at the causes for loss of cattle. Well, let’s see. Seventyfour percent died because of health issues— perhaps we need a little education on husbandry for some of our ranchers— 7.8 percent died due to weather—well, 
we are not having climate change; so, there is nothing we can do about the weather. We don’t want to mess with that—2.7 percent is due to other predators, mostly coyotes. Animal damage control, now renamed very aptly Wildlife Services, has killed well over a million coyotes. And guess what. There are more coyotes now, more distributed than when they started trying to exterminate them. The wolves are in a much more fragile place. They are responsible for 0.9 percent of the depredation, and they are at critical population levels. They were required to keep 10 breeding pairs in Wyoming. Boy, that is a lot of wolves in a State the size of Wyoming, 10 breeding pairs. Well, they violated that, and that is why the judge made this ruling. Now we are being told we are here to protect the Endangered Species Act. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD , in light of the gentleman from Oregon’s comments, a letter from the Fish and Wildlife Service supporting this amendment. 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR , FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE , Bloomington, Minnesota, January 30, 2015. Hon. REIDJ. R IBBLE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE RIBBLE : Thank you for your January 16, 2015, letter to U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service) Director Dan Ashe and to me regarding the Service’s views on the status of gray wolf populations in the states of Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, as well as our view on state management of gray wolves since the Western Great Lakes Distinct Population Segment (DPS) was removed from Endangered Species Act protection in 2011. An identical letter is being sent to each member who signed the original correspondence. Director Ashe has asked that I respond on his behalf. Most of the information provided below is taken from the 2014 report on postdelisting status of gray wolves in the Western Great Lakes DPS (enclosed). Enclosed, you will also see our gray wolf postdelisting monitoring plan for the Western Great Lakes DPS. Our postdelisting monitoring plan used the recovery goals in the 1992 Recovery Plan for the Eastern Timber Wolf to identify the population characteristics that needed monitoring as well as to identify circumstances that could prompt closer scrutiny by the Service and potential consideration of relisting. Those circumstances include the following: A decline that reduces the combined WisconsinMichigan (excluding Isle Royale and the Lower Peninsula) late winter wolf population estimate to 200 or fewer wolves; A decline that brings either the Wisconsin or the Michigan (excluding Isle Royale and the Lower Peninsula) wolf estimate to 100 or fewer wolves; and, A decline that brings the Minnesota winter wolf population point estimate or lower end of the 90% confidence interval to 1500 or fewer wolves. Since delisting in 2011 through the winter of 2013–2014, numbers of wolves in the three states remained well above established recovery goals (Table 1). Population surveys are conducted by the three states in late winter after hunting and trapping seasons and before the birth of pups in the spring. Thus, the surveys are conducted at a time that the wolf population is at its lowest level during the annual cycle. TABLE 1.—RECENT POPULATION ESTIMATES FOR GRAY WOLVES IN MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, AND WISCONSIN. INCLUDED IS THE LAST POPULATION ESTIMATE COMPLETED BEFORE THE WOLF WAS DELISTED AND TWO ESTIMATES COMPLETED AFTER DELISTING. 
Michigan ....... 687 602–714 594–678 Minnesota ..... 2,921 (2007–2008) 2,211 22,423 Wisconsin ..... 815–880 809–834 660–689 
Differences in the trends of wolf numbers among the three states are likely due to different levels of humancaused mortality (Table 2). Also, it is suspected that a decline in whitetailed deer may have played a role in the initial decline of Minnesota wolves after delisting (Table 1). Regardless of the different trends, the wolf population remains well above the original recovery goals for the entire population and within the individual states. In Michigan and Wisconsin, there were at least 594 and 660 wolves, respectively, in early 2014 and the number of wolves in Minnesota appears to have stabilized at around 2400 wolves (Table 1). 
TABLE 2.—WOLF DEATHS CAUSED BY TWO SOURCES OF HUMAN CAUSED MORTALITY, CONTROL OF DOMESTIC ANIMAL DEPREDATION AND HARVEST BY HUN TERS AND TRAPPERS, IN THE WESTERN GREAT LAKES DISTINCT POPULATION SEGMENT DURING THE PERIOD WHEN WOLVES IN THE REGION WERE NOT LISTED AS ENDANGERED O R THREATENED, 2012–2014. 
State 2012 2013 2014 Depredation Harvest Total Depredation Harvest Total Depredation Harvest Total 
The relationship between humancaused mortality and wolf population numbers is well established and evident in the population trends among the three states. In Wisconsin, 14% of the population was harvested by hunters and trappers in 2012, yet no change in wolf numbers was detected in the subsequent survey completed during late winter of 2012–2013 (Tables 1 and 2). In 2013, 32% of the population was harvested and the wolf population declined by about 18%. In Minnesota, the decline of the population between 2007–2008 and 2012–2013 was 24 to 25% and was likely caused by hunter/trapper harvest, depredation control, and a 23% decline in deer between 2007 and 2012. In response to the wolf population decline, the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources reduced wolf harvest levels and the population appears to have stabilized. In Michigan, humancaused mortality of wolves by hunters and for depredation control has been relatively minor after delisting and the Michigan wolf population has shown no significant change (Tables 1 and 2). Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin have managed wolves according to state wolf management plans that the Service evaluated as part of our decision to delist the species in 2011. Our evaluation led to a determination that each state’s plan provided for the longterm conservation of a viable wolf population in the region. The state management plans and our evaluation acknowledged that the states could carry out regulated harvests after delisting. In the final rule to delist the Western Great Lakes DPS we made the following comment: ‘‘Unregulated killing was the primary threat to the species historically. The State management plans that will be implemented after delisting provide protection from unregulated killing. It is not the Service’s position to decide whether a regulated harvest in and of itself is an appropriate management tool. Instead the Service is concerned with whether the use of that tool might reduce the number of wolves in such a way that they would again be considered a threatened or endangered species under the Act. A regulated harvest of wolves can be carried out in a manner that would not threaten their continued existence.’’ Since delisting, the states have demonstrated effective management to ensure wolf populations remain viable. We value the cooperation and contributions that state and tribal biologists have made to ensure that the Service could monitor the postdelisting status of wolf populations. Staff from each Department of Natural Resources has been highly responsive to our requests for information, even after the wolf was relisted. We believe that each state has demonstrated an ability to respond to the challenges that are unique to conservation of wolves in the wild. Moreover, they have done so in ways that demonstrate their intent to maintain the wolf as a viable component of their ecosystems. Thank you for your concerns regarding the wolf and its status. If you have any further questions or concerns, please feel free to contact Mr. Peter Fasbender, Field Supervisor for our Twin Cities Ecological Services Field Office. Sincerely, THOMAS O. M ELIUS , Regional Director. HON. REIDJ. R IBBLE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. HON. COLLIN C. P ETERSON , House of Representatives Washington, DC. HON. DANBENISHEK , House of Representatives Washington, DC. MEGAN KELHART , Division of Congressional and Legislative Affairs, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Washington, DC. Mr. PETER FASBENDER , Field Supervisor, Twin Cities Ecological Services Field Office, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Bloomington, MN. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ). 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chair, I am just stunned by the misrepresentations of the previous opponent of this bill. Let me show you what is going on really. Here is the habitat of the wolf. Clearly, it is not endangered. On the red list, it is considered a species of least concern. Let’s look at the habitat of the Shiras moose. This is Wyoming, Montana, Idaho, and going into Montana. The Shiras moose is in rapid decline, and it is because of this critter. Now, the gentleman from Oregon showed you little puppies as if they do no damage. Look at this moose. This Shiras moose is surrounded by wolves, and they are attacking that baby. The reason this is such a big issue is they are wiping out the babies. So there is no longer a breeding population of moose or elk in major areas of this country, including the Lolo elk herd in Montana and the moose around the Greater Yellowstone area in Wyoming. It is these baby moose they are after. They surround the mother. Two of them distract the mother. The rest of them take the babies. There are not enough breeding females left. So when the older females age out of the population, there are no breeding females to take their place. It is the wildlife that is getting decimated, Mr. Chairman. This is a wildlife issue. To save the moose, I strongly encourage the adoption of this amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, actually, I think wolves are part of wildlife. I heard a mention of Montana Yellowstone. Actually, in Yellowstone, the rivers were in horrible, horrible condition because all of the browse that was being done by elk and other critters right down into the streams. Fish populations were crashing. The water was too hot and lost all of the riparian cover. Now you find we have restored balance because there are wolves there and the elk and others stay in herds and they stay in the forest. They don’t go down and stomp around in the streams. Natural balance is sometimes problematic. The gentlewoman showed a picture of a moose under attack. Fairly natural. I don’t believe that that is the total cause for the problems with the moose population. In fact, those moose are still hunted. So I guess we need to save the moose from the wolves so the hunters can hunt the moose. So I am on the side of the wolves on this one. I think most American people would like to see this iconic predator restore balance. Coyotes are three times the predators on cattle. If you want to protect cattle, guess what. Wolves kill coyotes. But when you don’t have wolves, the coyotes spread and take over. The gentlewoman showed Russia and China and then Canada and a few other areas on a map. Those aren’t gray wolf populations in many of those areas. I don’t know what Siberian wolves look like, but I don’t think that—since the land bridge went away, whenever that was, they haven’t been coming to the United States. And I don’t know about Chinese wolves. I don’t know anything at all about Chinese wolves. I do know that wolves here are in a fragile state of recovery. If you hunt them back to extinction, which is what basically is going on in Wyoming, or you hunt below the levels for sustainable populations, as some of these other States are doing with trophy hunting and that, then we are going to be back where we started with the wolves being extinguished in the lower 48 and more coyotes. Maybe you will have some more moose. Maybe the elk can go back in the streams in Yellowstone. They probably miss thrashing around in there and eating all the riparian cover. I think that this amendment, to substitute political science for sound science and for Congress to preempt litigation with this, is somewhat unprecedented, to say the least. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I have not mentioned protecting cattle at all. Maybe some of my colleagues will. I have only mentioned trying to protect the Endangered Species Act. b1100 Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄4minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ). Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for this amendment and the time. I rise today in support of this amendment for the SHARE Act. This amendment directs the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to reissue a rule to delist the gray wolf in Wyoming and the Great Lakes region, which includes my State of Michigan. In 2011, the Fish and Wildlife Service determined that the wolf recovered in Wyoming and the Great Lakes and would remain recovered under federally approved State management plans. I can speak from personal experience about the impact that wolves and their recovery are having on my district. This photo next to me is of a constituent in my district. One of his calves was attacked and eaten by a wolf, which may not mean much to the opponents of this, but it means pretty much to small farmers in Michigan. It isn’t just the cattle. As the number of wolves have increased well beyond the recommended number for recovery, we have seen drastic declines in the deer population in northern Michigan. My camp has no deer. The economy of the whole area is in collapse because there is no hunting anymore. I understand that some are opposed to ever delisting the wolf, but as numbers continue to expand, we must consider the impact the wolf has on the landscape as a whole. This amendment does not change the Endangered Species Act. It simply allows for the following of true sound science. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RIBBLE. I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. BENISHEK. The gray wolf was recovered in the Great Lakes and ready for delisting and State management. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Chairman, I will go ahead and close. About two decades ago, there were only 15 gray wolves in the western Great Lakes States. Today the gray wolf population exceeds 3,700, and yet we are to act as if some judge someplace decides that that is not enough, that the States of Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Wyoming in and of themselves cannot manage these populations in accordance with the Fish and Wildlife’s actions and with their scientific help. This is not unprecedented, as the minority has mentioned. This exactly has happened with Montana and Idaho before. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Ribble, Lummis, Benishek, and Peterson amendment. Managing gray wolves continues to be a huge problem in my state of Minnesota. In spite of the overwhelming evidence by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service that the gray wolf population in the Western Great Lakes States has not only recovered, but thrived in the past few years, a single judge in Washington, D.C. unilaterally decided that gray wolves somehow need federal protection. In 2014, Minnesota had nearly 2,500 gray wolves, by far the highest number in any state besides Alaska. This has put the farmers and ranchers in my district in a very difficult situation. They are now forced to choose between following the law or protecting their livestock and livelihoods. Our amendment simply reinstates Fish and Wildlife’s original decision to delist gray wolves in the Western Great Lakes States from Endangered Species Act protections and allows the agency to relist gray wolves if science supports it. I believe this amendment is scientific and fair. This is a real problem that needs immediate solution. The states—not the federal government—are best equipped to manage gray wolf populations and provide assistance when problem wolves harass my constituent’s livelihoods. I urge Members to support this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
The Director of the National Park Service shall withdraw the final rule entitled ‘‘Alaska; Hunting and Trapping in National Preserves’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 64325 (October 23, 2015)) by not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall not issue a rule that is substantially similar to that rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is a relatively complicated amendment in the sense that a lot of people don’t have any history of the Alaska National Lands Act. My amendment prohibits the Director of the Fish and Wildlife Service from issuing a final ruling that would seize authority from the State of Alaska’s Alaska Fish and Game to manage fish and game on all lands. That was under ANILCA. My amendment also withdraws the existing National Park Service rule that interferes with State wildlife management authority under the National Preserve Lands of Alaska, agreed to by this Congress. The Alaska National Interest Land Conservation Act, ANILCA, passed by Congress, signed into law in 1980, protects the ability of the State of Alaska to manage wildlife across the State on State, private, and Federal lands. As Alaska’s lone Representative and someone who was intimately involved in the process of producing ANILCA, an agreement with my colleagues, it is my conclusion that the proposed rule set forth by the Fish and Wildlife Service and Park Service is in clear violation of Federal law. The scope of the proposed Fish and Wildlife Service rule is enormous. There are 76.8 million acres of wildlife refuges in Alaska, an amount of land about the size of four Michigans, at least two or three Virginias, and on top of that there is 20 million acres of national preserves in Alaska, a total of 100 million acres in the State of Alaska. But when that agreement was set out, we were to retain management of fish and game on all lands, and that is in the law. Very frankly, my colleagues, this is a regulatory overreach by this administration, promoted by this administration, breaking the law. Now, the Fish and Wildlife Service asserts their actions are allowed by the National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act. However, as the original sponsor of that act, I can knowingly and affirmatively state that the Fish and Wildlife Service proposal goes beyond the original intent of my legislation that was passed by this House. The National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act specifically states that ANILCA takes priority over any other conflicts regarding refuge lands in the State of Alaska. I find it somewhat concerning that the Fish and Wildlife would cite a law which forbids them from taking such actions and then say the justification is because of the law. It is not. This is a special interest pressuring group that says that Fish and Wildlife will take away the States’ rights. If you believe in States’ rights, you will take and support this amendment that I am offering. If you believe in the Federal Government only, not the United States of America, the United States as the Federal Government, you will oppose this amendment. I am asking my colleagues to think about what is occurring here: the overreach of this Federal Government that has taken away the rights of States and is continuing to try to do it. I urge the passage of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WOMACK ). The gentlewoman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, with nothing but the deepest respect for my colleague from Alaska—and I even want to tell him, I was afraid to stand up without getting clearance from one of your other good friends, the resident hunter in my household—but this amendment is yet another attempt to allow a State to override perfectly reasonable conservation policies on U.S. public lands. This amendment would prevent the Park Service from managing wildlife on these lands, even though they are owned by the American taxpayers, not by the State of Alaska. Of particular concern is Alaska’s policy of eradicating keystone predator species. Because of this policy, allowing wolves and bears to seek refuge on these Park Service lands may be the only way to keep them from requiring protection under the Endangered Species Act. I want to be clear about what this rule does and does not do. It does not deny access to hunting. This rule does not reduce hunting in the national preserves in Alaska, period. In fact, it keeps existing hunting rules in place. What the rule does do is ban some of the most inhumane and ecologically damaging forms of hunting, things that a true sportsman would never do anyway. Let me share examples. This rule would prevent spotlighting black bears and shooting them and their cubs, babies in their den. It would prevent using bait to attract and kill bears. It would prevent killing wolves during their denning season. Again, babies. And it would prevent the killing of caribou from a motorboat while under power. Yes, if a deer is swimming and you go after it in a boat, it would prevent that caribou that is swimming from being shot. If you think people should be allowed to do any of these what I think are unsportsmanlike things, then this amendment is for you. But if you are like most Americans, you will be deeply disturbed by these practices and will join me in opposing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, may I remind my good friend from Michigan—and she is a dear friend and her husband is a dear friend of mine, he voted for my bill, ANILCA—it is the law. It was an agreement that the State would manage. By the way, it is against the law to shoot species of animals from a boat. This doesn’t change that. It changes the management concept. It is overreach by the Federal Government. It is overreach by Fish and Wildlife. They would not be fish and wildlife managers anymore. They are becoming the preservationist group without the management ability in the State that lives there. I am not changing anything other than just the fact that the State still has authority under ANILCA. He voted for it. I am suggesting, respectfully, if you want the Federal Government to manage everything, 100 million acres that we agreed that we could manage in the ANILCA law, the State, if you want the government to take that all over, let’s just give the government all the land. Let’s stop having free land. You talk about being public land, the public that lives there, they want the State to manage the land. So far they have done a great job. As far as shooting bears, that is against the law in the State of Alaska. Now, why are we saying that? Because it is emotionally acceptable. So let’s stick to the facts. This is a fact. Do you want the administration, the government to manage all lands or do 
you want to follow the law that we passed in this Congress? The law. We have a tendency here to forget what happened, this Congress. Look at the history of ANILCA. It was a compromise. A lot of it I objected to, but we passed it in this House and it was accepted by the State with the understanding that the State would manage fish and game and not the Federal Government. By the way, the Park Service in the State of Alaska, the Fish and Wildlife in the State of Alaska, in the beginning the BLM are not partners anymore. It is all run from Washington, D.C. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I have nothing but the utmost respect for my colleague from Alaska. I actually think that he and my spouse share the same sportsmanship policies of hunting, but this rule just simplifies and updates procedures for closing an area or restricting an activity. It updates obsolete subsistence regulations and it prohibits very specifically some of these things that I spoke about. I think we will respectfully disagree. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLEll—PRESERVATION OF ARCTIC COASTAL PLAIN AS WILDERNESS 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘UdallEisenhower Arctic Wilderness Act’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, there are some iconic places in this country that define America. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in northeastern Alaska is one of those places. It is a oneofakind treasure. Today, for the first time, the full House of Representatives has an opportunity to cast a vote to permanently preserve and protect this special place. Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), my Republican friend, has joined me in introducing the underlying bill that is incorporated in this amendment. Together, we are carrying the torch that prior generations of bipartisan leaders have carried. They have understood that America’s Arctic is a uniquely wild place. It was Republican President Dwight Eisenhower who first established Federal protections for the coastal plain in 1960 and Democratic Chairman Mo Udall who expanded the refuge, doubling its size in 1980. I had the great privilege to visit the Arctic Refuge last summer. I camped in the wilderness and I came away with an increased sense of urgency to permanently protect the Arctic Refuge’s coastal plain. Allowing drilling in the Arctic Refuge would irreparably disrupt a very important ecosystem. It would impact the way of life for the Gwich’in people and forever destroy one of our Nation’s last great wild places. That is why I am offering this amendment to the SHARE Act, to ask that we protect this American wilderness once and for all. My amendment would designate the threatened biological heart of the refuge, the coastal plain, as wilderness, to finally recognize the intrinsic value of this land and what it holds to ensure that it remains pristine for generations to come. Congress has been debating whether to drill in this area for nearly three decades. As our public lands suffer from the effects of climate change, most significantly in Alaska, I believe time is of the essence. Now, the Arctic Refuge is wild, it is spectacular, and most importantly, it 
is owned by all Americans, not by the oil industry. That is why Congressman FITZPATRICK and I introduced our bipartisan legislation to permanently designate it as wilderness, following the bipartisan legacy that this legislation has enjoyed for decades. b1115 Arctic Refuge support has always been diverse and nationwide. During the recent public comment period for the draft conservation plan, the Fish and Wildlife Service received nearly 1 million comments in support of wilderness for the Arctic Refuge and in opposition to oil and gas exploration and development. Alaskans showed overwhelming support at public hearings and sent thousands of comments, including from 100 businesses across the State from Kaktovik to Juneau. This legislation has been introduced in every Congress for almost three decades and has never come to a full vote on the House floor. I am grateful that, in January of 2015, for the first time, the Department of the Interior released a conservation plan for the Arctic Refuge that recommended wilderness protection—a recommendation that was transmitted to Congress. Only Congress can act to designate the coastal plain as wilderness. Now is the time to seize that historic opportunity. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I always admired my friend from California, who doesn’t know squat about the Arctic Wildlife Refuge. That is the truth. He may have camped out in it, but he didn’t camp out in the area which we would like to drill for oil, which this Congress set aside for that purpose. By the way, we did pass opening ANWR 11 times. This Congress did it. And it got stopped in the Senate every time but one. Bill Clinton, bless his heart, vetoed it. We have 18 billion barrels of oil—that is a minimum estimate—74 miles away from an existing pipeline on the coastal plain. You say, well, we don’t need the oil now. I heard that in 1960. We didn’t need the oil, but it went all the way up to $4.50 for gasoline at the pump. This is a reserve set aside by Scoop Jackson—a Democrat—myself, and Ted Stevens so it would be potentially there for development when Congress acts. You want to include this as a wilderness area in the bill on the behalf and behest of a group of people that really don’t understand this. You say Alaska supports your amendment? In that case, I won’t be back here next year. Don’t applaud. Don’t keep that in mind. I have been running, now, longer than anybody in this House except for one other man. Apparently, Alaska does support this ANWR provision. It is Federal oil. It is not our oil. We have infrastructure in place right now that can be used to move that oil if and when it is needed. I am glad the gentleman said only the Congress can designate this, because your Fish and Wildlife Service recommended it all be wilderness—another act of this administration. I happen to agree, very frankly, that the Congress will vote some day. And, by the way, if you want to get rid of me, take a vote to open it up, and I might retire. But until that time, I am staying here, because it is right for this Nation. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would forbid development of one of the most promising and untapped oilfields in the world. I have to ask: How is the cause of American energy independence advanced by forbidding development of America’s own vast energy resources? We are talking about reserves that are larger than the reserves in the entire nation of Mexico or Norway, whom we currently depend on for importing oil. The gentleman from California is right: that land is owned by the American people. So is the oil under it. That means about $300 billion of revenues into the Federal Treasury. That is about $2,400 for every family in this country. The proposed development of the Arctic oil requires about 2,000 acres out of 19 million acres of the wildlife reserve. That is oneone hundredth of 1 percent of that land area. That is how extreme this measure is. It would sacrifice American prosperity. It would sacrifice oil reserves larger than those in all of Mexico. It would sacrifice revenues to the Treasury of $2,400 for every family to place off limits a tiny part of the frozen Arctic tundra. If you want to know why our economy is stagnating, if you want to know why our country is going bankrupt, you need only look to measures like the amendment before us. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, with great respect to the senior legislator from Alaska, I have no doubt that he knows and understands the coastal plain and that area far better than I do and that anyone else in this body does, but I do know this: every Member of this body—in fact, every American— has a stake in protecting the coastal plain of the Arctic wilderness. Migratory birds from the coastal plain go to all 49 of the other States. We are connected, whether we know it or not, with this critical, vital ecosystem in the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge. The whole point of wilderness is to protect areas that we actually may never camp out in, that we may never see, but that are, nevertheless, of such great intrinsic value that they deserve this special protection. That is what this is all about. As to the argument that we need lots of new oil extraction and development in the Arctic, I would just point out that right next door to the Arctic Refuge is an enormous, essentially equal sized area that we set aside for that purpose. It is called the National Petroleum Reserve. The oil industry has not seen fit to develop in that area, nor does it look like they will any time soon, with oil hovering around $30 a barrel and this week the Saudis saying they may be taking it all the way down to $20 a barrel. Right now, because of its overdependence on the oil economy, the State of Alaska is hemorrhaging. Oil revenues are down by half. The permanent fund is hemorrhaging. Meanwhile, the tourist economy, which is built around preserving and protecting natural resources, is growing and will soon eclipse oil revenues in terms of the economic impact. Let’s look to the future. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I always listen to these wellwritten arguments by the Sierra Club and others that like to take this Nation to its knees, which is a reality. We talk about the petroleum reserve setaside. It was a reserve set aside for use by this Nation. And they are drilling. They are drilling today. ConocoPhillips is going in. Ironically, for some reason, the sales that were put up by this administration are not where they wanted to drill. I have an old saying—and people laugh at me when I say it: you don’t hunt rabbits on a pool table just because it is green. All right. You don’t drill oil if it is not there. Ironically, this administration, bless their hearts, put up sales where there was nothing there. It was like the pool table. So why would the oil company drill? They can’t and will not. And I always ask them: Why don’t you ask the oil companies where they would like to drill? We can’t do that because someone has asked us to preserve that great area. The other area is just as pretty, but it doesn’t have any oil. This is an attempt to take 18 billion barrels of oil away from the American people and an attempt by special interest groups to make sure this country cannot grow. Oil will be here forever. Let’s keep it. Let’s oppose this amendment. It is mischievous. It is wrong for this Nation. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–429. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Add at the end the following: TITLE ll—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 619, the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very straightforward. It would simply allow the price of the Federal duck stamp to be changed by the rate of inflation. Inflation is something that each and every one of us cannot avoid. Just as inflation decreases the value of a dollar for all Americans over time, it also steadily decreases the real value of a duck stamp. That is very unfortunate, because the duck stamp is a highly effective conservation program. The revenue from the Federal duck stamp that all hunters must buy each year as a permit to hunt waterfowl is used to preserve wetlands and maintain a sustainable population for hunters and bird watchers alike. Moreover, the preservation of wetland habitat from the duck stamp, in conjunction with the National Wildlife Refuge System, has reversed the decline in waterfowl populations across this country. Also, not insignificant, cobenefits are that these wetlands buffer our communities from flooding, saving billions of dollars in damages, and they help filter water and recharge, Mr. Chair, aquifers that are vital to our groundwater supplies. The duck stamp works. Ninetyeight cents of every dollar spent on a duck stamp goes back to preserving wildlife habitat. To date, more than $800 million from duck stamp sales have been spent on the preservation of over 6 million acres of habitat. The duck stamp is a true user fee, where all the funds are spent to benefit the fee payer. I hope this is an amendment that the chairman can support as a commonsense update to address the reality of inflation that inevitably will erode the ability of the duck stamps and the National Wildlife Refuge System to continue this highly successful conservation program. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognize for 5 minutes. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I certainly agree with the gentleman from California that the duck stamp program is a great program. It does a tremendous amount of good. We all know the wetlands that are preserved with that. We all know it is a great opportunity for the hunting community and the conservation community to come together. As you know, last year, the duck stamp fee was increased, for the first time in 24 years, from $15 to $25. I, myself, am an avid duck hunter. I buy multiple duck stamps because I firmly believe in the program. The increase last year we believe will yield about $119 million over 10 years; but we also know, looking historically, that when you put these increases in fees, for the first couple of years the revenue drops because people that would buy them without the need don’t do that, and then they come back to actually purchasing it. So we understand that. That is why we have asked the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to look specifically at how the implementation of this fee is going to play out and how the costs associated with the program are, so that we can understand how to best manage this, as you said, to get the most dollars to wetlands conservation. With the idea of now going to an inflationary factor right on the heels of a $10 increase without getting, from the Fish and Wildlife Service, what the impacts are going to be so we can best maximize the dollars, I think, is premature. I serve as a member of the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission, and still, I believe the responsibility for any type of increases should still be on the backs of all Members of Congress, not just the four that are on the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission. I applaud the gentleman’s effort to draw attention to the duck stamp program. We all understand the good it does, but I would argue that this inflationary increase measure is premature, especially in the face of a $10 increase last year. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I would oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 21⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, it is unfortunate that we can’t come together today to support such a simple fix to, as Mr. WITTMAN pointed out, such a highly successful program. I think the operative word that you have said is that it is premature at this point, not that you really oppose the ability to protect our waterfowl populations to keep them vibrant and make sure that duck hunters have ducks to hunt. I think we all agree upon that. I also just want to say that the one issue is just to make clear that we are not talking about automatically increasing inflation. All we are saying is that when inflation does come—which will erode this program—that there is a process in place that the Secretary of the Interior will make a recommendation to the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission. That Commission has to support it. At most, it would have been a 35cent increase. b1130 But I hear what you are saying about that, and if you will work with me as we go forward to see when is the best time that we can work on this, I will ask to withdraw this amendment. Can I get a commitment that we will work together? Mr. WITTMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LOWENTHAL. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Yes, I will tell the gentleman from California that we will indeed work with you in looking at the future of the duck stamp program, making sure that it is managed in the proper way, making sure that, indeed, is getting dollars to where they need to go, and that is to preserve those critical wetlands. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–429 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. BEYER of Virginia. Amendment No. 3 by Ms. JACKSON  LEEof Texas. 
Amendment No. 8 by Mr. B EYER of Virginia. Amendment No. 9 by Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. GRIFFITH  of Virginia. Amendment No. 14 by Mr. RIBBLE of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 15 by Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Amendment No. 16 by Mr. HUFFMAN  of California. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 161, noes 244, not voting 28, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper DiazBalart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lewis Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland Wilson (FL) b1151 Messrs. MULLIN, COLLINS of New York, REICHERT, NEUGEBAUER, DENT, and BISHOP of Utah changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. DELANEY, Mrs. LOWEY, Messrs. POLIQUIN, COHEN, CROWLEY, and GUTIE´RREZ changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote No. 92 on H.R. 2406, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 159, noes 242, not voting 32, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moore Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond 
RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—32 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Carter (TX) Clyburn Cook Cooper Cummings DiazBalart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Larson (CT) Lewis McNerney Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Stivers Westmoreland 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1154 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 169, noes 236, not voting 28, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Carter (TX) Clyburn Cook Cooper DiazBalart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1158 Mr. TURNER changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 232, noes 173, not voting 28, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—173 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper DiazBalart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lummis Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1201 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 239, noes 165, not voting 29, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper Davis, Rodney DiazBalart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lummis Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1204 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 232, noes 171, not voting 30, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOES—171 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper DiazBalart Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Rokita Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Westmoreland Young (IN) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1207 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 97, there was an error in the transaction of my electronic vote. My office and the Clerk are looking into the matter. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 236, noes 169, not voting 28, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—169 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper DiazBalart Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1210 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 227, not voting 30, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper DiazBalart Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Holding Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland b1214 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 619, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. LAWRENCE. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Lawrence moves to recommit the bill H.R. 2406 to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE XVII—PROTECTING WATER SUPPLY FOR PUBLIC RECREATION AND SAFE DRINKING 
would come in the form of the mass poisoning of an entire American city. The children of Flint, the parents, other citizens of Flint, and the citizens of these United States need Congress, not one side of the aisle or the other, to act so that we don’t see another generation of children potentially suffer from the negative effects of lead poisoning. I urge all Members of this 114th Session of the United States Congress to support this motion to recommit on H.R. 2406. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, the minority’s motion to recommit is an issue about chemicals in drinking water. Chemicals in drinking water is an issue that was addressed in the Toxic Substances Control Act, which was before this House. There were multiple opportunities to have a debate about that and to determine what we do to address that issue. That bill passed out of the House. It is now in a preconference committee with the Senate. That was the opportunity. This bill, the SHARE Act, is a package of commonsense bills that will increase opportunities for hunters, recreational shooters, and anglers; will eliminate unneeded regulatory impediments; will safeguard against new regulations that impede outdoor sporting activities; and will protect Second Amendment rights. It does not pertain to chemicals in drinking water. Outdoor sporting activities, including hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting, are deeply ingrained in the fabric of America’s culture and heritage. Values that are instilled by partaking in these activities are passed down from generation to generation and play a significant part in the lives of millions of Americans. This important legislation will sustain America’s rich hunting and fishing traditions, will improve access to our public lands for responsible outdoor sporting activities, and will help to ensure that the current and future generations of sportsmen and women are able to enjoy the sporting activities this country holds dear. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important legislation and to defeat the motion to recommit. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 165, nays 238, not voting 30, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—30 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper DiazBalart Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
b1229 So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 242, noes 161, not voting 30, as follows: 
Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—30 
Amodei Barletta Becerra Brown (FL) Butterfield Clyburn Cook Cooper DiazBalart Edwards Fattah Fitzpatrick Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Meeks Murphy (FL) Napolitano Pompeo Roby Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sessions Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COOK. Madam Speaker, on February 26, 2016, I was unavoidably absent. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On rollcall No. 92, 93, 94, 99, and 100, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 95, 96, 97, 98, and 101, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 2406, SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. WITTMAN. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, in the engrossment of H.R. 2406, the Clerk be authorized to correct section numbers, punctuation, and crossreferences and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES REGARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 3716, ENSURING TERMINATED PROVIDERS ARE REMOVED FROM MEDICAID AND CHIP ACT, AND H.R. 4557, BLOCKING REGULATORY INTERFERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT OF 2016 (Mr. WOODALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, this week the Rules Committee issued two announcements outlining the amendment processes for H.R. 3716, Ensuring Terminated Providers are Removed From Medicaid and CHIP Act, and H.R. 4557, Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2016. The amendment deadline for H.R. 3716 has been set for Monday, February 29, at noon. The amendment deadline for H.R. 4557 has been set for 10 a.m. on Tuesday, March 1. 
For details and text of the bills, folks can visit the Rules Committee Web site. Feel free to contact the Rules Committee with any questions that Members may have. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2016, TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 2016 Mr. WOODALL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday, February 29, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and at 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
WELFARE REFORM (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Madam Speaker, I rise today to address one of the Nation’s greatest concerns: welfare reform. America’s most important resource is our people. The last thing we want any of our citizens to believe is that they are forever stuck in a situation that they cannot rise above. Welfare reform was originally successful because it required work in return for assistance, gave more power and responsibility to the States in fighting poverty, and ensured that States were rewarded for reducing poverty instead of increasing dependency. Today, given the slow growth of our economy, many job seekers become frustrated when they are unable to find adequate work. This creates a system where many become trapped and dependent on State and Federal assistance. Solutions to welfare reform have to come from a local level, not from Washington. It is imperative that we encourage family values and education more than anything. Washington’s primary role is to strengthen the economy, facilitate growth, and encourage a positive business climate, thus creating jobs and reducing dependency on State programs. 
SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Madam Speaker, today Congress voted to make it easier to import killed polar bears and ivory into our Nation. The SHARE Act is a piece of legislation most closely resembling George Orwell’s novel ‘‘1984,’’ riddled with doublespeak and nightmarish visions. The Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act, part of this bill, would encourage the further hunting and importation of polar bears as long as they follow the rules. The African Elephant Conservation and Legal Ivory Possession Act, another title, would encourage the needless and malicious slaying of innocent and endangered animals for their tusks. And for what? So that gun owners can have a shiny grip on their Smith & Wesson .357 Magnum made of a tusk that once was part of a beautiful, majestic elephant. Have we really come to this place in our history in which the ivory trimming on a gun is more important than a life? I urge the Senate and the President to reject this ethically reprehensible and morally repugnant bill. f 
VAIL UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT (Ms. MCSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCSALLY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Vail Unified School District for their outstanding education achievements. Year after year the Arizona Department of Education recognizes Vail as a topperforming school district and its schools are continuously labeled Aplus. As with any organization, leadership matters. Vail superintendent Cal Baker, who I have worked with on many issues related to education, sets a tone from the top of innovation and excellence, but he is not alone. He has many wingmen and wingwomen, including an engaged school board, dedicated staff and teachers, involved parents, and selfless volunteers, who all work together to provide highquality education to kids. Vail’s outofthebox learning model doesn’t just benefit its students, but benefits others across the State where Vail’s best practices are exported to other school districts. Recently it was my honor to participate in Vail Pride Day where we recognized excellent performance in so many students. I gave out the Board Community Award to members of the Vail Parent Network for their work in advocating for education. I congratulate Vail on their many achievements and their impact on so many kids by setting them on a course to achieve their dreams and full potential. 
CONGRATULATING WEST WINDSORPLAINSBORO HIGH SCHOOL SOUTH (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the talent, teamwork, and intelligence of the West WindsorPlainsboro High School South National Science Bowl team, who are regional champions for the second year in a row. This year’s team includes Dhruva Byrapatna, Eric Mischell, William Jiao, Angela You, and Tanishq Aggarwal. They were coached by Ms. Sunila Sharma. In a few weeks, these students will head to Washington, D.C., to compete in the Department of Energy’s National Science Bowl. I am proud to know that New Jersey’s 12th District will be represented. I wish both the coach and the team the best of luck in the national competition. f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Madam Speaker, I rise today in recognition and in celebration of Black History Month. This month is a reminder of both the incredible sacrifices and the remarkable contributions that African Americans have made during our Nation’s history. 153 years ago Illinois’ own Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation. For 153 years since then, our Nation has struggled to overcome bigotry and achieve equality for all. Countless courageous leaders have taken up the cause of justice, including former Illinois Senator Everett Dirksen and our own colleague here in the United States Congress, Congressman JOHNLEWIS. Walking on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma with Congressman LEWIS for the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery marches is one of the highlights of my tenure in the United States Congress. As we look back on the accomplishments of the past, we cannot lose sight of the urgency with which we must address inequality in our society today. African Americans today face an unacceptable likelihood of being incarcerated, a poverty rate that our Nation’s leaders should be ashamed of, and everyday discrimination that flies in the face of everything our Nation stands for. In memory of the heroes who have fought for equality throughout our Nation’s history, we are compelled to act. I am committed to fighting for a more just and equal society. I implore my colleagues to do the same. 
b1245 HONORING THE LIFE OF DEBBIE SMITH (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of late State Senator Debbie Smith, who passed away on Sunday. 
Debbie was a fighter and a powerful advocate for improving Nevada’s public schools. From her days with the State PTA to her work as a legislative leader, she served the community in countless ways for over 20 years, constantly advocating for Nevada to invest in what matters most: our children. After having a brain tumor removed early last year, she returned to the legislature to work on the front lines for major education reform. Cancer couldn’t stop her from making sure that her vision came to fruition. In her last political battle, she was able to claim a victory that will long benefit Nevada’s students. Debbie was a true friend and a real inspiration. She was a hero who never asked for recognition for herself. The angels are fortunate to now have her on their side. 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF ALFRED MANN (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Madam Speaker, I rise today to note the passing of an American hero, Alfred Mann. At 17 years of age, Al Mann was a navigator on a B–29 during World War II. After the war, he was educated with the GI Bill, and he used his genius, his creative skills, to upgrade America’s antitank weapons of the day. A short time after that, he said he was so happy because he had his chance to use his creative genius in building things that helped people. He revolutionized heart pacemakers at that time, and then he went on to help us and help millions of Americans live better through his technology that helped diabetics, people who were deaf, even people who were amputees. Al Mann made a major difference. He represented the very best in America. He was a hero. He passed away at 91 years of age. He will be missed, but he has left a wonderful legacy. Now we live better and freer because of people like Al Mann. 
WOMEN’S REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Speaker, the Supreme Court is scheduled to hear Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt next Tuesday, a case challenging the Texas law that has deprived women of their constitutional right to make their own healthcare decisions. I was proud to join 163 of my colleagues in an amicus brief in support of women’s health centers. Texas is home to 5.4 million women of reproductive age, and this appalling law would leave only 10 clinics open in the entire State—10—in Texas. As a mother of two daughters, I find this unacceptable. It is a moral outrage when legislatures full of mostly male politicians interfere in women’s healthcare decisions. From Texas to my home State of Florida, to this very body, we are seeing an unprecedented attack on women’s health, and I will not be silent about it. These laws have not and will not make women safer. They are intrusive and invade women’s personal, most private decisions. It is my deepest hope that the Supreme Court overturns this offensive Texas law. f 
WOMEN’S HEALTHCARE DECISIONS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Madam Speaker, we are less than 5 days away from hearing oral arguments in the Supreme Court case that could steal the right away from women to make their own healthcare decisions. In 2013, the Texas State legislature passed House Bill 2, a very strict anti abortion law that imposed medically unnecessary restrictions on women’s healthcare providers. Lawmakers claimed their motivation was to protect women’s health care, but Texas women can attest that the law has done little to expand their access to health care. Since the passage of HB 2, over 20 clinics in Texas have shut down. Women in Dallas are facing delays as long as 20 days for an initial abortion consultation. Other States have followed the lead, with 22 States passing similar laws that are targeting abortion providers just in the last few years. Roe v. Wade made it clear that women have a constitutional right to make choices about their own bodies. Planned Parenthood v. Casey reaffirmed that a State cannot create an undue burden on women when they seek to exercise their right to safe and legal abortions. Ultimately, a constitutional right means nothing without the ability to exercise that right. I am confident that the Supreme Court will reaffirm that women are constitutionally protected to make their own healthcare decisions. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES). 
Mr. FLORES. I thank the gentleman from Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor U.S. Marine Corps Major Shawn M. Campbell of College Station, Texas. Major Campbell died on January 14, 2016, when he and 11 additional marines were involved in a helicopter training accident off the coast of Hawaii’s Oahu Island. Major Campbell attended Klein High School in suburban Houston and went on to graduate from Texas A&M University. Upon graduation, Major Campbell decided to follow his lifelong dream of becoming a pilot. He accepted his commission and began a career as a Marine Corps aviator. During his time in the Marine Corps, Shawn served four tours in the Middle East, including one in Iraq. After serving our country overseas, Major Campbell returned to the U.S., where he became a flying instructor at the Naval Air Station located in Pensacola, Florida. Major Campbell, along with his wife, Kelli, and their children were later transferred to Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay in Hawaii in 2014. During his time stationed at the Marine Corps base, Shawn served as a CH–53E Super Stallion pilot with Squadron 463, Marine Aircraft Group 24. Throughout his tenure, Major Campbell garnered numerous awards and decorations for his bravery. These decorations include: the Air Medal with strike/flight device, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, the Navy Unit Commendation, the National Defense Service Medal, the Iraq Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and the Sea Service Deployment Ribbon. Madam Speaker, Major Campbell was a fearless leader and a decorated veteran. His selfless devotion to protect our country will be forever remembered. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of Major Shawn Campbell. He will be forever remembered as an outstanding husband, father, and marine. We thank him and his family for their service and their sacrifice for our country. His sacrifice truly reflects the words of Jesus in John 15:13: ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ The loss of Major Campbell and his fellow marines serves as a reminder of the sacrifices the men and women of our Armed Forces make each day to preserve freedom for this great Nation. We are forever in debt to these great individuals who serve our country. As I close, I ask all Americans to continue to pray for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us from threats here at home. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas. He and I were at Texas A&M together in the Corps of Cadets, and I know he didn’t have to look down to read what John 15:13 was because that used to be a Campusology question that freshmen had to memorize. 
The question was: What is the inscription on the Memorial Student Center at Texas A&M? The proper correct answer, succinct: The inscription on the Memorial Student Center at Texas A&M is ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends, John 15:13.’’ It is also touching to me each time I come through the southern entrance of the Capitol, the main entrance for visitors coming into the Capitol—I guess more visitors come in through that entrance—immediately as you pass through the metal detectors, up on the right is a statue of a Catholic priest named Father Damien. The statue is a bit strange in the way it is squared off, but there is nothing strange about the life that he lived. The fact that Hawaii would pick as one of the two allowable statues it has, Father Damien to be represented, I think, is most noble. It also indicates, I think, that 50 yearsplus ago, when Hawaii came into the Union, at that time our Nation was still a Christian nation. Our motto still above the Speaker’s head here, ‘‘In God We Trust,’’ was front and center most everywhere. So it shouldn’t have been a surprise that Hawaii wanted to pay tribute for one of its two statues a man who learned of lepers being sometimes just thrown off a passing ship if they had leprosy. Sometimes they would dock and let them go to shore, but there was nothing but squalor, as I understand, back in those days. People knew that leprosy was contagious. It is terrible to think, but in the words of the poet, the inhumanity to man. But it was an island full of lepers that knew they were going to die as their skin and parts rotted off. Father Damien heard about the situation, went to the island knowing that by going to that island he would indeed get leprosy. He prayed it would be later rather than sooner so he could minister to all those hurting on the island. But he helped them set up a way of life, and instead of just having hopeless, nonsocietal squalor to live in, he helped them build a way of life, a sense of normality, a way in which they could finish out their life with some element of peace. I believe it was around 15 years or so before he got the leprosy that eventually took him. On the plaque of Father Damien’s statue, one of the first you see when you come in our Capitol from the southern entrance, the words inscribed at the top of the plaque, ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ That is certainly what Father Damien did. That is certainly what our fellow Aggie, Major Shawn Campbell, did when he laid down his life for his country. With that background, we ought to approach most every issue that this Federal Government faces. We have an obligation to those who have gone before us and have laid down what Lincoln called the last full measure of devotion. They have given their lives that we might have a better life. How tragic it is that political correctness has so infiltrated and overwhelmed the United States of America, that when you study history, the colleges are often described as the intelligentsia, the people who are well educated that really figured things out, who are openminded, where they used to be the most open minded. b1300 When I attended Texas A&M, it was, if not the most conservative, one of the most conservative colleges, universities in America. I was proud to be there, proud to be in the Corps of Cadets, proud to have an Army scholarship that committed me to 4 years in the United States Army after I graduated, proud to look forward to serving my country. As conservative as we were, we were not afraid of inviting very liberal speakers, and we were not afraid of having debate with them, very civilized debate. I recall helping usher Ralph Nader around when he came to Texas A&M, as one of my friends was a host. That was no big deal. It was really an opportunity for a conservative like me and others to have a dialogue with Ralph Nader. It sometimes shocks people that a conservative like me can have some very liberal friends, just like the great Antonin Scalia was very close friends with Ruth Bader Ginsburg. They had totally different views. He believed in upholding the letter of the law of the Constitution and she didn’t, but they were friends. So you can have that friendship, but it is an embarrassment—should be an embarrassment—to this Nation that so many who proclaimed in the sixties and seventies to be the most open minded among us ended up becoming professors at colleges and began to teach the teachers. Those teachers, in turn, went back and taught elementary school, middle school, and high school. Somehow, over the last 50 years, we have gone from a Nation that recognizes that true conservatism is confident enough in itself that it is not afraid to have debate and dialogue and hear from all types of viewpoints. Tragically, as the intelligentsia in America become more and more established in the universities, they have allowed these openminded, broadminded liberals to have places of prominence in our institutions of higher learning, and somehow they have become the most closeminded people in America. They don’t want to hear from conservatives. They are embarrassed to have a conservative come speak. It is rather tragic, because no longer are our universities, generally speaking, places where all types of thought are analyzed. They are not taught all types of thought. They are given a very narrow version. It is usually very critical of anyone who is conservative, anyone who believes the Constitution should mean what it says, anyone who stands up for the JudeoChristian principles on which this Nation was founded. One of the great things about being founded on JudeoChristian principles has been that if true Christian principles are applied to government, then anyone of any religion is free to practice that religion or not practice that religion, unless the religion is actually a religion of politics that dictates that their believers cannot follow the letter of the law within the United States Constitution. From this podium, I have spoken many times about the Holy Land Foundation trial in the United States District Court in the Northern District of Texas. It was the largest prosecution regarding terrorism in our Nation’s history. The Holy Land Foundation was found to be a front organization for radical Islamists who were funneling money. They called themselves a charity. Some would be funded to charities, some would be for the children, but they also funneled money to terrorist organizations that were used to terrorize people here and abroad. The Bush administration Justice Department, since President George W. Bush did not have a heavy thumb on the scales of justice and allowed the Justice Department to pursue any crime that they saw, any threat to America—unlike the present day—they went after the Holy Land Foundation. They had evidence to show that the Holy Land Foundation and many organizations and many leading people claiming the Muslim faith were actually tied together and were coconspirators in funneling money to charities, for sure, but also to terrorist organizations. As I understand from former members of the Justice Department who are still friends, the strategy was to get convictions in that first massive prosecution. I think there were over 100 counts of supporting terrorism. They were to get convictions there. In the same case, having named many coconspirators who were not actually indicted, if they could get those convictions, as they knew the evidence indicated they should, then they would go after the named coconspirators who were unindicted at that point and go ahead and indict them and get prosecution and conviction of coconspirators. Well, there were some names of groups and individuals in that prosecution named as coconspirators supporting terrorism who were offended. Perhaps they were more concerned with their public image of being charitable when, actually, they were being exposed through this prosecution by the evidence that existed that they were coconspirators in supporting terrorist groups and terrorist acts. They filed a motion to have their name struck as coconspirators in supporting terrorism. 
One such group was CAIR, or the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations. People like Imam Magid, who has been president of the Islamic Society of North America, was also named as a coconspirator. Anyway, they filed motions to have their names stricken as coconspirators. There was an evidentiary hearing, evidence produced, and the United States district judge ruled in the case that there was plenty of evidence to support that those individuals named were indeed coconspirators to fund terrorism. Well, not happy with that, they appealed to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. They said: Gee, we should have our name struck as being coconspirators in supporting terrorism. I have even read from the opinion of the United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals that ruled that not only is there evidence that these individuals— like CAIR, the Islamic Society of North American—not only is there evidence, but there is actually substantial evidence that they have been coconspirators in funding and supporting terrorism. Well, I believe it was November 2008, right after Senator Barack Obama was elected President, that the convictions were obtained in over 100 counts. Before the conviction could become completely final, there was a new administration coming in. We had a new Attorney General coming in. The new President and the new Attorney General, Eric Holder, had a different agenda. They were not going to prosecute radical Islamist supporters, people that funded radical Islam and their terrorist activities. There would no longer be those prosecutions. So they were dropped. They were dropped. None of those who were listed as coconspirators were going to be prosecuted by the Obama Justice Department—or, perhaps a better way of saying it is the ObamaHolder ‘‘just us’’ department—because they didn’t prosecute. As the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals indicated, there was plenty of evidence to support that they were conspirators. But if that were the end of the story, that would be bad enough. Instead of not prosecuting, this administration made the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations, CAIR, one of the most influential organizations with a voice inside the White House. If they objected to anything, then the White House immediately flew into action and did whatever CAIR—this named coconspirator of radical Islam, of terror—indicated by phone or otherwise, in person. Whatever they indicated was offensive to them as named coconspirators in supporting terrorism, whatever offended them, this administration made sure it was blotted out, covered up, or stopped, whether it was a seminar or conference being given at Langley or an intelligence facility. A 2day conference for law enforcement on radical Islam that was going to be led by people who had spent their adult lives studying radical Islam and who knew the dangers and would warn of the dangers, CAIR finds out, they call the White House, and from what we understand, that is what led the White House to call Langley and cancel the conference on radical Islam for law enforcement and come out with new directives. In effect, it seemed like they were saying, unless CAIR approves of somebody—these conspirators who support terrorism, according to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals—unless this coconspirator that supports terrorism agrees to any comment about Islam, you can’t make it, you can’t have it in training materials. So then began a partnership between what were alleged to be supporters of radical Islamic terrorism and the FBI. Actually, some of that began during the Bush administration. But they had this partnership with many of the named coconspirators supporting radical Islamic terrorism. They are still partners with the President, with this administration. When I say ‘‘coconspirator,’’ I am referring to as named in the pleadings in the prosecution in Federal court that were ruled on in the district court, ruled on by the Court of Appeals, and they said, yes, there is plenty of evidence to support that they have supported radical Islamic terrorism. So those coconspirators have been a great help to this administration in advising them of things that offended them as, apparently, coconspirators to support radical Islamic terrorism. Some years back, when we found out the FBI training materials had been completely purged of any information that CAIR found objectionable, we wanted to see those documents. b1315 But we were told that they had been classified. The documents, the training materials, that were cut from what FBI trainees could see, they classified them because they didn’t want the country to know how ridiculous some of the things that were removed from the training material were when trying to train people on what radical Islam was. Because they are classified, I can’t say specifically what training materials were removed. But I can make the global statement that, to me, if a student training to be an FBI agent is needing to learn about the most radical enemy of the United States that has been—some of my Muslim friends in the Middle East and North Africa have said: They have been at war with you since 1979, and you are still helping them. We don’t get it. Well, this administration not only helps those coconspirators, they listen and are sensitive to anything the coconspirators supporting terrorism find to be troublesome. But, to me, if you have, say, a verse from what they call the Holy Koran and you are showing FBI agents Scripture that a radical Islamic terrorist holds as Gospel and that the percentage of Muslims who have taken this radical Islamic path utilized to help radicalize themselves and others, that would be something an FBI agent should know. But, unfortunately, since CAIR objects to FBI trainees knowing verses from the Koran that have helped radicalize Muslims into becoming radical Islamic terrorists, it makes it tough to really be a wellinformed FBI agent. Even if you are in the FBI and you happen to know some of those Scriptures, even though they have been blotted out, hypothetically speaking, from training materials, you know you have got to keep your mouth shut because anybody in the FBI, Justice Department, CIA, any of our intelligence agencies, that makes the political or occupational mistake in this administration of pointing out some truth about radical Islamic terrorism, their career will be over, as my friend—and I can now call his name, since he has retired—after he knew so much, tried to warn so many about radical Islam, about groups within radical Islam, including the ones that conducted the terrorism murders in California, tried to warn, provided information. But since his information was offensive to radical Islamic terrorists, then he had to be purged from Homeland Security. A man that helped start Homeland Security, had been with them from the beginning, who had won acclaim and notoriety within Homeland Security for identifying hundreds of people with terrorist ties, became a problem. I tried to work with him for a number of years. We couldn’t get enough assistance. No assistance in the administration. We knew they would come after him. So we were privately trying to help this wouldbe whistleblower go through proper channels. When Homeland Security and Congress recommended he go file an IG complaint, I knew it was a mistake. We should have taken action ourselves. But he filed the IG complaint. The IG’s office in Homeland Security had already been condemned for altering an IG report in order to protect the administration. They were going to do an investigation on thousands of pages of records that linked some people that advised this administration with terrorists and terrorist organizations? They deleted those thousands of pages? I knew that, if he filed an IG complaint, they would come after him because the evidence was so damning for this administration that they would do what they always do. You don’t go after the people that are conspiring to harm America. You go after the whistleblower who has blown the whistle on your callousness toward those who would hurt America. And they did, even having a grand jury empanelled to just harass and destroy the personal lives of him and his wife. 
This man is a patriot. Phil Haney is a patriot. He should have been getting all kinds of awards, not just one letter commending him for finding all these terrorist ties. Instead, they go after him. And the grand jury, after they have probed every orifice, figuratively speaking, that they possibly could, couldn’t come up with anything. So then they put him in, basically, a closet, gave him no responsibility, in essence, forcing him to go ahead and retire, which he has. This is no way to treat one of the most wonderful and intelligent patriots I have ever met. His wife ended up in the hospital during all that harassment by Homeland Security and the Justice Department. But that is what this administration does. If you are a coconspirator, according to the courts, in supporting radical Islamic terrorism, then we want you as an adviser to this administration. If you are going to blow the whistle, say, on potential perpetrators of the Boston massacre at the Marathon or the California terrorism that could have been prevented had they properly followed up on the warnings from Philip Haney, you go after the heroes, go after the patriots, and allow the supporters, according to the courts, of radical Islamic terrorism to be your advisers. So, with that background, Mr. Speaker, I see this article today. It was published on 25 February 2016 by Allum Bokhari from Breitbart. The title is ‘‘FBI Scrubs References to Islam from AntiRadicalization Game After CAIR Complaints.’’ Okay. So CAIR, this named coconspirator supporting radical Islam that two Federal courts said absolutely there is plenty of evidence to support that, not only does this administration not prosecute them, but they have a wonderful office right down the street. In fact, I saw some of them at a hearing this week that Chairman GOODLATTE called in the Judiciary Committee. It was an excellent hearing exploring the naming of the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist activity. So the Muslim Brotherhood, CAIR, I mean, you know, are two peas in a pod. So of course CAIR is going to be there at the hearing, and they were. One of them was kind enough to wave at me. Nice to be recognized. So the article says: ‘‘Earlier this month, the FBI launched Don’t Be A Puppet, a browserbased video game designed to counter recruitment propaganda from violent extremists.’’ We call them violent extremists because this administration will not call them the radical Islamic terrorists that they are. Our Muslim leader friends in the Middle East and in North Africa, not in our public meetings, but in the private meetings, are appalled that this administration won’t call it what it is because it makes it difficult for peace loving Muslims to say: This is a part of Islam we need help stamping out. They can’t say that when this administration is saying it is actually not part of Islam. So people can be comforted. The named coconspirators for radical Islamic terrorism objected to radical Islam being mentioned in this game to try to stop radical Islamist converters or people being converted. And so the FBI has now removed and replaced references to Islam and Islamic terrorism on the site. ‘‘The FBI originally intended to launch the site in November, but progress was stalled by CAIR’s complaints. At the time, the Islamic lobby complained that the Web site, which is targeted at young people at risk of extremist recruitment’’—that is code for radical Islamic recruitment—‘‘would lead to the ‘stigmatization’ and ‘bullying’ of young Muslims. CAIR also contended that the Web site should instead focus on rightwing extremists, which they argued were a greater threat to American youth.’’ And parenthetically inserting here, of course, radical Islamists are not a threat to America. Oh, yeah. They tried to blow up a plane on Christmas Day, the Christmas bomber, the underwear bomber, yeah, radical Islamist. Oh, yeah. They were behind the bombing of Americans at the Boston Marathon. Oh, yeah. They killed all those people in San Bernardino. And oh, yeah, our FBI Director says there are Islamic State cells and investigations in every State in the union, but since this coconspirator to support radical Islam is objecting to using the term ‘‘Islam’’ or ‘‘radical Islam,’’ we can’t refer to that. So we have to start talking about rightwing radicals, this Clintonesque, rightwing conspiracy that we later found out actually was not a rightwing conspiracy at all. It was a relationship between a President and an intern. And you can be sure your sins will find you out from the stains it leaves. But the article goes on: ‘‘The game still includes a scenario where players are invited to go on an ‘overseas mission’—but the character’s Arabic name has been replaced with a western sounding one, (Sean S).’’ Oh, my dear friend Sean Hannity’s name is Sean. So it was nice of them to put the initial S there after Sean so they wouldn’t think of Sean Hannity, the most popular Sean in America. But how wonderful that this radical Islamic game is now using the name Sean. That is lovely. Anyway, no longer radical Islamic name. But the article says: ‘‘The FBI also appears to have heeded CAIR’s advice to focus on rightwing extremists, with a new example featuring a ‘white supremacist rally’ where players are told to commit violent acts in the name of white supremacy. ‘‘According to the IJ Review, ‘the new version of the game does not mention Islam, Muslims, or any particulars of Islamic ideology or targets at all, aside from the usual disclaimers that ISIS does not represent mainstream Islam.’’’ b1330 ‘‘While the FBI avoids mentioning the terrorist group at CAIR’s behest, the Islamic State remains among the largest terrorist hubs in the world, with recent estimates from the U.S. intelligence community putting its number of foreign recruits at approximately 30,000. ‘‘Still, you never know, the FBI may be right to shift focus. Maybe animal rights activists are planning to set up their own terrorist state too?’’ I hadn’t thought about that. Maybe animal rights activists are out there planning some massive international caliphate starting in Syria and Libya, and, boy, do they want Egypt back. That is why the Muslim Brotherhood is fighting so hard to overcome our friend. And when I say ‘‘our,’’ I am not including the President. I know there is no love lost there. Why? Because President elSisi there in Egypt is a Muslim who has stood up to radical Islam. That does not endear him to this administration. So it is important to note where we are. I think it is also an indication as to why so many Americans are concerned about where our country is and how fundamentally it has been transformed for the worse. There is more racial tension. I understand Karl Rove was accused of doing some division politics where you find a group, divide the group against each other, and you know the majority will be on your side. You create groups. But this administration has been the master of division politics even though it has created more racial strife than we have had since the sixties and even though we had a Nation that elected an African American President. I have talked probably to thousands of people who have said: Well, I voted for President Obama because I wanted to be able to say that I voted for the first African American President. What happened to Martin Luther King’s dream of a day in America when we are judged by the content of our character, not the color of our skin? For heaven’s sake, to elect a man because of his race is as racist as any of the wackos in America who indeed actually are racist. You shouldn’t be electing somebody because of the color of their skin. Elect them because of who they are, what they believe, and whether they will help the country. We have seen the divisions in this country. We have seen more debt arise than was ever imaginable. How can a man accuse George W. Bush of being unpatriotic because in 2006, for heaven’s sake, we had a $160 billion deficit, about $160 billion or so more going out than we had coming in? That is un American. That is unpatriotic. He is 
accusing George W. Bush. And what happens? He becomes President, and he demands a $1.6 trillion deficit. So if Bush were unpatriotic for having a budget that helped create $160 billion deficit—obviously, it is Congress that passes the ultimate budget, with no thanks to the Senate. But I guess that makes it 10 times more unpatriotic for anyone who supports a budget that creates 10 times more of a deficit. It is interesting that Americans have gotten so upset in this election cycle. Some are actually scared. Some of them reflect the opinion that I have mentioned that I heard from a senior gentleman from Togo, Africa, when I was visiting there in years past. Before I left, he wanted to meet me and visit with me. As he explained: ‘‘We were so excited here when you elected your first Black President. But since he has been President, we have seen America grow weaker and weaker. And please tell people in Washington’’—so I keep telling people here, Mr. Speaker, I want them to know what he said. ‘‘Since he has been President, we have seen America grow weaker and weaker. And when America is weaker, we suffer.’’ They are Christians. They know where they are going when they die. But he was making emphatically clear that, as America has gotten weaker and weaker in this administration and there is more domestic division in this country under this President, friends around the world are suffering more than ever before. There are more Christians being persecuted than ever in history and more Jews being persecuted than ever in history. Despite this administration’s repeated statements about all of the hate crimes against Muslims, the FBI statistics do not, have not, and will not bear that out. It is not Muslims in America that are the number one victims of hate crimes. Try looking at Jews. Try looking at others, because it is not the Muslims. So it begins to be a bit offensive as more Christians are being persecuted and killed in the world than ever at any time in our world history to continually defend those whom courts have said are coconspirators in persecuting Christians and Jews. It is basically anathema to what America has been and thought in the past. So as that has gone on and people have gotten so upset, it has been amazing to see an ally in Congress, TED CRUZ, being attacked for being for amnesty. I was here. I was thrilled when TEDCRUZ got elected. I had known him. I knew he was brilliant and I knew he was truthful, so I was thrilled. A number of us would meet sometimes at his office, sometimes other places, trying to strategize: How do we stop the Republican establishment’s caving in and doing the will of the administration to allow a massive amnesty? We knew the administration was not enforcing the border properly. We knew that they were allowing people in in droves; and the more they came in illegally, the more others heard that you can come in illegally. As one of the border patrolmen told me in the wee hours of the morning: We are called logistics by the drug cartels and the gangs in Mexico. All they say they have to do is get people across the river and Homeland Security is logistics. We ship them anywhere they want to go. There is a great deal of truth to that. So it has been amazing to see this reinvention of what really happened back in those days. We had a fantastic election in Florida where our friend was elected there, a Tea Party favorite. Thank goodness. We were so thrilled, because it meant because of his promises we had another ally in the Senate that would help us stop the Republican establishment’s cave to the Obama administration’s desire for amnesty. CHUCK SCHUMER , for all he is, he actually can be quite persuasive. And JOHNMCCAIN, for all his efforts in 2007 that nearly cost him a chance to be the nominee so he could lose in defeat to the Democrats, his push for amnesty in 2007 nearly kept him from being the nominee to lose in the general election. Gosh, if he had continued to push his amnesty, he would not have gotten the nomination. Who knows? Maybe Barack Obama would not have won in 2008. It is interesting to think about. I was looking at this article by Sarah Rumpf back in January of 2015. She had been asking about problems that I had, and I pointed out, I referred back to broken promises by our Speaker and why we needed a new Speaker, and it was the same Republican establishment problem we had had. As the article says, one of the biggest broken promises included ‘‘promising to ‘fight tooth and nail’ against Obama’s executive amnesty orders, but then allowing the CR/Omnibus bill to proceed forward.’’ But it wasn’t just that. It was so much that had been going on for a number of years. So there was no one who felt more dejected than our little group that was gathering regularly trying to come up with ways to slow down the Gang of Eight bill because we knew that once this handsome, young, articulate guy that had just been elected from Florida was talked into being the leader on the bill—very clever getting him to be the leader on the bill— we knew it was going to be a very, very, very difficult thing to stop. Going back, here is an article from April 15 of 2013 by Byron York of the Washington Examiner: ‘‘A Look Deep Inside the Gang of Eight Bill—and How They’ll Sell Immigration Reform to Conservatives.’’ He points out regarding this Gang of Eight bill, he says: ‘‘Of course some in the GOP are still panicked by last November’s election results and will be inclined to sign on to almost any deal. But many of the more conservative Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill will have to be convinced that the Gang’s proposal is an acceptable way to go. It won’t be easy.’’ Anyway, he points out that, ‘‘Starting this week, with the release of the bill, the Gang will launch an extensive public information campaign’’—with Senator RUBIO leading—‘‘lots of press releases, frequently asked questions, and fact sheets specifically addressing the concerns about reform that conservatives have raised in recent months.’’ It also talks about, ‘‘The GOP Gang’’—the GOP Gang of Eight, he is talking about—‘‘members know full well that the Federal Government has promised all those measures and more over the years, and the border is still not secure and businesses still hire illegal immigrants. For example, Congress has passed multiple laws requiring entryexit systems similar to what the Gang will propose, and the system has never been built. So Gang members know that conservatives, at least, will be skeptical. ‘‘The answer the Gang hopes will reassure those skeptics is the concept of triggers. They’ve set up three points at which the bill’s requirements will have to be met before the process’’—of amnesty is what he is talking about—‘‘can continue.’’ But anyway, it goes on and discusses the Gang of Eight bill. Americans had heard these promises before, going back to 1986 when a hero of mine and a hero of my friend DANA ROHRABACHER , who was a former speechwriter, got talked into signing off on an amnesty that turned California blue probably for the rest of my lifetime. That was a Republican President that got tricked into doing that. They got the amnesty, never got the enforcement. And that is what the Gang of Eight bill was going to do. Americans knew it, but we had to fight it like crazy. So anyway, I just find it interesting, as someone who met with Senator CRUZ on a regular basis trying to strategize, my friend, STEVE KING, and I met in his office sometimes about all of these efforts to stop this Gang of Eight bill that would have given amnesty. Here is another, from June 11, 2013, ‘‘‘Gang of Eight’ Immigration Bill Clears Senate Hurdle.’’ I know Senator CRUZwas doing all he could to stop it— greatly appreciated. Actually, if they hadn’t slowed that down, that gave us the ability to slow it down even further. Here is an article from The Daily Signal by Amy Payne and Kelsey Lucas, June 24—my anniversary—2013. It talked about that Gang of Eight bill now has ‘‘ballooned to 1,190 pages.’’ That makes it what you would call comprehensive. As I pointed out to friends before, when you hear the words ‘‘comprehensive bill,’’ the loose definition of a comprehensive bill in Congress is one in which some people want to hide 
things that could never possibly get passed if people knew what they were voting on. So it is comprehensive and massive so you can hide those things that could never pass on their own if people knew what they were voting on. So it is amazing to see in politics how perception that is completely false can be considered true just because people are saying it. I know. I was here, and I am grateful that TEDCRUZ got elected. Without his advice, his meeting with us, encouraging, doing all he could in the Senate, I don’t believe we would have stopped amnesty, and I don’t believe this election would even be competitive. The Democratic nominee would walk away with this thing had the Gang of Eight bill been passed as they wanted. Mr. Speaker, might I inquire how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa). The gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. One other thing that has been really intriguing, Mr. Speaker, this verse has been quoted time and time again in recent years. I know there are people that freak out when I quote Bible verse because they had one of these liberal teachers that didn’t teach them the truth about American history and the fact that the Bible has been the most quoted book—nothing even close—so many times more than any other book or any other author ever in American history. The Bible has been quoted on the House floor and Senate floor by Presidents more than any other book. b1345 The President says we are not a Christian Nation. I used to say I won’t debate that, and now I think he is right. But we were. We started out based on JudeoChristian principles, so much so that a very thorough decision by the U.S. Supreme Court back in the late 1800s, when we had finally done the right thing and eliminated the scourge to this Nation that had held this Nation back for many decades, called slavery, was finally ended. The Supreme Court went through all of the foundings, the Founders, the statements of the Founders, statements and founding documents, statements of State constitutions, and concluded after all of the recitation of evidence—130, 140 years later—they said: This is a Christian Nation. Well, it was back in the late 1800s. It doesn’t hurt to still quote scripture. We have other religions represented in the House—friends. You can be Muslim, Buddhist, atheist, agnostic, whatever you want to be. I have got a number of really wonderful Jewish friends in Congress. You can be whatever you want to be because a government based on JudeoChristian principles will protect everyone’s rights. Islam will not protect rights like that. There is really not another religion that, beliefs of which, will protect every religion, no religion, equally. That is because we know. God gives us those choices. So who are we to take them away? Back in 2 Chronicles, the verse is very clear, and God was pointing this out. I realize Moses—it is up there, the only full face profile here in this room—was considered the greatest lawgiver of all times, although the Supreme Court last summer basically said: Forget what Moses said and God said. He didn’t know what he was talking about. When Jesus quoted Moses about marriage, he didn’t know what he was talking about. They were a bunch of fools. They didn’t know. We are much smarter than Moses and Jesus. Now our Supreme Court majority is our God. But 2 Chronicles 7:14: ‘‘If my people who are called by my name humble themselves, pray, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and heal their land.’’ I preached a sermon on that last summer entitled ‘‘Humble or Crumble.’’ We do need to humble ourselves as a Nation, but we don’t even have to do it as a Nation. It makes clear it is not everybody. It doesn’t have to be everybody in America. Just those who are called by the Lord’s name. If you humble yourself, pray, see God’s face, turn from your wicked ways: I will hear from heaven, I am going to heal your land. You will be blessed beyond. I really think that after the Civil War and we finally ended the scourge of slavery, that is when we started being blessed beyond measure. So the 20th century was just absolutely incredible, and we became a superpower blessed beyond measure. When we became a superpower, of course, like so many times in history, nations that were begun on the Judeo beliefs, once they turned from acknowledging God, then God let them go. That is why Christians had believed this was such an important verse. I have heard it thousands of times in recent years. I just have to note, Mr. Speaker, it is interesting now that Christian leaders across the Nation have said: I think we are going to have to change this. Let’s have a new translation. How about if we say: If my people are called by my name, we’ll select a leader who says he has never humbled himself, he has never asked forgiveness of God, if we can just get a leader who will never humble himself, then God will hear that from heaven and he will heal our land. I want to close with these words from Francis Scott Key, April 14, 1814. As a captive on a British ship and the British unmercifully bombed Fort McHenry, he didn’t figure there was much left. When the morning came and there was Old Glory, he penned The Star Spangled Banner. I will close with the last verse, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘O! thus be it ever, when free men shall stand Between their loved home and the war’s desolation; Blest with vict’ry and peace, may the Heav’nrescued land Praise the Pow’r that hath made, and preserved us as a Nation! Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just; And this be our motto, ‘In God is our trust!’ And the star spangled banner in triumph shall wave O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave!’’ May we remember those words. I yield back the balance of my time. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 238. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 25, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 890. To revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Florida. H.R. 3262. To provide for the conveyance of land of the Illiana Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois. H.R. 4056. To direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida. H.R. 4437. To extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care. H.R. 487. To allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, February 29, 2016, at noon for morning hour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. ROYCE , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 4633. A bill to modify and extend reporting requirements on the use of certain Iranian seaports by foreign vessels and use of foreign airports by sanctioned Iranian air carriers; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 4634. A bill to direct the United States Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for Eastvale, California; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4635. A bill to provide for a prescription drug takeback program for members of the Armed Forces and veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, the Judiciary, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER ): H.R. 4636. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require agencies to respond to comments from congressional committees about proposed rule making, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SANFORD (for himself and Mr. MCCLINTOCK ): H.R. 4637. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to permit the Government of Puerto Rico to opt out of the applicable Federal minimum wage under such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself and Mr. CHABOT ): H.R. 4638. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to allow for the creation of venture exchanges to promote liquidity of venture securities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BLUM (for himself and Mr. MEADOWS ): H.R. 4639. A bill to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide modifications to authorities relating to the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. JOLLY (for himself, Ms. TITUS, Mr. ABRAHAM , and Ms. G ABBARD ): H.R. 4640. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a review of the deaths of certain veterans who died by suicide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Mr. KENNEDY ): H.R. 4641. A bill to provide for the establishment of an interagency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself and Mr. MCNERNEY ): H.R. 4642. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a Medicare diabetic eye disease prevention and early treatment demonstration project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself and Mr. HONDA ): H.R. 4643. A bill to improve the literacy and English skills of limited English proficient individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4644. A bill to establish dual language education programs in lowincome communities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 4645. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide support to environmental justice communities and environmental justice projects; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. 
HOYER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. BECERRA , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. TORRES , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. HAHN, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. MOORE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S IRES, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. K IND, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. CAPPS , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 4646. A bill to provide access to counsel for children and other vulnerable populations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. HINOJOSA , and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 4647. A bill to establish regulatory relief for certain financial institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. H OYER , and Mr. REICHERT ): H. Con. Res. 120. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 3rd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congressional Flag Presentation Ceremony; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4633. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 4634. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4635. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 4636. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitution states: All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 4637. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 4638. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’) By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4639. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 4640. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 4641. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 4642. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4643. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4644. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 4645. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 4646. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution. By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 4647. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS TO PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 93: Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 267: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 528: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 539: Ms. MENG. H.R. 542: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 592: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 699: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 802: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. YODER , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 816: Mr. LABRADOR . H.R. 932: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 986: Mr. BRIDENSTINE . H.R. 997: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 1170: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 1292: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 1343: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 1397: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 1399: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 1488: Mrs. HARTZLER and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 1602: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1769: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 1941: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1977: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 1995: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 2124: Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. M CNERNEY. H.R. 2197: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 2227: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2246: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 2264: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. NOLAN , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2268: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2367: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 2403: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2515: Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. MOULTON , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 2655: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 2656: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2698: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 2737: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. BECERRA . H.R. 2805: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 2896: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 2901: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 2939: Mr. CONYERS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 2963: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 3012: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 3071: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 3080: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 3099: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. ALLEN , and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 3110: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 3235: Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. KEATING . H.R. 3250: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 3307: Mr. LONG. H.R. 3463: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 3515: Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 3566: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3779: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 3817: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3818: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3861: Mr. BERA, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. DONOVAN , and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 3865: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3879: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 3892: Mrs. HARTZLER and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 3917: Mr. WELCH , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. L EE, Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3926: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4073: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4088: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4126: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 4132: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 4134: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 4219: Mr. GOSAR and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 4238: Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4249: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 4262: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 4277: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 4281: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 4293: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. TIBERI , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. NUNES , and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 4294: Mr. ZINKE, Mr. D UNCAN of Ten nessee, Mr. TIBERI , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. REICHERT , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan. H.R. 4305: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 4320: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 4336: Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. BUCK, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 4361: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 4376: Mr. VANHOLLEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. GRAYSON , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 4380: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 4381: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 4430: Mr. BLUM, Mr. C OLE, and Mr. DOLD. H.R. 4436: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4446: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 4474: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4479: Mr. HONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4480: Mr. BEYER and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4499: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4526: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Mr. COLE. H.R. 4533: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4539: Ms. DUCKWORTH and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 4540: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4550: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4570: Mr. GIBSON , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4571: Ms. BASS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. LEWIS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Ms. LEE, and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas. H.R. 4582: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4585: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. NOLAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4592: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. C APUANO , and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 4597: Mr. KINGof Iowa and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 4598: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 4599: Mr. TONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4601: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4611: Ms. BASS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. HONDA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. L EE, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4615: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. B ERA, Mr. THOMPSON of California, and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4620: Mr. MESSER . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. LONGand Mr. G OSAR . H. Res. 346: Mr. PEARCE . H. Res. 417: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H. Res. 432: Miss RICEof New York. H. Res. 591: Mr. KLINE, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan sas, and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H. Res. 615: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. B RATand Mr. Y OHO. H. Res. 616: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. LEWIS, Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. G RAHAM, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. EDWARDS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. FATTAH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. MENG. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 25, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes: 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I ask for the House’s attention today to support H.R. 2406, the SHARE Act. As a lifelong gun owner and sportsman, I strongly support the SHARE Act. I believe it defends our Second Amendment rights. It also upholds our nation’s heritage and history of hunting and shooting. The SHARE Act promotes the interests of hunters and recreational shooters in Alabama’s Third District, and I offer my strong support. 
IN HONOR OF THE FILIPINO WOMEN’S CLUB OF SALINAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Filipino Women’s Club of Salinas (FWCS) on the occasion of its 86th Anniversary. The FWCS has been a pillar of Central Coast community service through most of the 20th Century, and exemplifies its motto of faith, worth, courage, and service. I am confident that the leadership and members of the FWCS have the vision, skill, and motivation to carry the organization forward into the 21st Century. The FWCS grew out of the struggles of Filipino farm workers for recognition and fair treatment in the early 20th Century. Many of the Filipino immigrants who came to California in the years around WWI gravitated to farm work in the Salinas and Central Valleys. In the Salinas Valley, some of the more enterprising fieldworkers had developed their own abilities to manage teams of workers and the regions’ growers began to work with them as labor contractors. Most of these successful contractors were married—a rarity in that time given the laws that limited the immigration of Filipino women and interracial marriage. These wives cared for and counseled many Filipino field workers, most of whom had no family in the United States. Thus many Pinoy workers enjoyed the support of a surrogate mother or big sister. This economic success led many Filipinos to become active in the civic life of the Salinas Valley. Filipinos started businesses, founded churches, and even published a Filipino community newspaper, the Philippines Mail. The leaders of this civic activism founded the FWCS as an extension of this passion for community service. One of the early FWCS presidents, Paulina Morales, was emblematic of that spirit. She organized a Filipino youth marching band, promoted Filipino folk music performances, and generally brought Filipino culture to the general public. As the decades passed, the FWCS build on this foundation to become an integral part of the Salinas Valley’s community fabric. In the wake of WWII, the FWCS helped to support U.S. and Filipino veterans. It established a scholarship fund for local youth. Following the eruption of Mt. Pinatubo in the Philippines, the FWCS raised funds to help the disaster’s victims. And in just the last decade, the FWCS has joined in a civil society effort to support nation building in the Philippines. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply honored to represent this remarkable community of leaders. I know I speak for the whole House in recognizing the accomplishments and long tradition of service exemplified by the FWCS. I am confident that this tradition will carry on for many years to come. Mabuhay! f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a real American Hero, and the presentation of The Medal of Honor to United States Navy SEAL Chief Special Warfare Operator Edward Byers at The White House by President Obama. I ask that this poem penned in his honor by Albert Carey Caswell be placed in the RECORD . 
All in the battle, all in the fight When death looms so all in sight When valor is on the rise, at its height When who lives and dies, and lives to see another sunrise so all depends on you Rescue me this night To shield another with ones life Is but the SEAL of Honor at its height For such things Angels up on high are in flight As truly stands at Honor’s height When, hearts of courage so ignite Rescue me, rescue me this night When the most courageous souls burn bright While, all in the darkest hours they bring their light Who with Strength In Honor win the fight As there you stood Edward for all that’s right You and your Brothers In Arms, with such magnificent hearts so warm in sight So willing for each to lay down your life Ode to be one of those men of honor who fight the fight Who shield us all, with their call to duty in their most heroic lives Bringing tears to the angels eyes Whose loved ones at home worry and cry So on this day Edward, we bestow The Medal of Honor all in full sight To teach our children well, of what within hearts of Honor dwells so very bright For men like you Edward live and die, by an Honor Code so very high to win the fight And do not ask why All in service to Country Tis of Thee you strive Who Shield us all as they stand tall with all their might To rescue me all in the darkest nights Who run towards the fight This Medal of Honor America’s Son, we now bestow upon you this night For your Shield of Honor, while all in Honor’s light f IN RECOGNITION OF THE VICTIMS OF THE SUMGAIT POGROMS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the Sumgait pogroms, one of the most horrific attacks against the Armenian people, committed at the hands of Azerbaijanis 28 years ago. On February 27, 1988, hundreds of Armenian civilians living in the city of Sumgait in Azerbaijan were indiscriminately killed, raped, maimed, and even burned alive for no reason other than their ethnicity. This senseless violence was instigated by hostile, antiArmenian rhetoric from Azerbaijani citizens and officials against innocent Armenians. For nearly three decades, Azerbaijan has taken steps to cover up these crimes against humanity and dismiss the atrocities at Sumgait. Even more disturbing is that perpetrators of this event and similar violent attacks have since been lauded as national heroes. I condemn these horrific attacks. Tragically, the Azerbaijani government’s approach toward the Armenian people has not changed much since these attacks were perpetrated. In 2016, we hear the same violent rhetoric and witness the intimidation tactics by the Azerbaijani government against the people of Nagorno Karabakh. If we do not condemn crimes against humanity and allow them to go unpunished and unrecognized we only strengthen the resolve of those seeking to perpetrate these crimes in the future. The Armenian people have known this for too long, as we prepare to commemorate the 101st anniversary of the Armenian Genocide in April. I will continue to work with my colleagues on the Congressional Armenian Issues Caucus to remember the victims of the pogroms at Sumgait and to condemn all acts of violence against people who are targeted simply because of their existence. I hope my colleagues 
will join me in rejecting violent rhetoric and intimidation and renewing our commitment to achieving a collective peace. 
HONORING CAAP CO. INC. AND FOUNDER JIM MORAVECK AS THEY CELEBRATE THEIR 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to stand today to join the Milford community and the employees of CAAP CO. Inc. as they celebrate the company’s 40th Anniversary and pay tribute to its founder, Jim Moraveck. Incorporated in 1976, Jim Moraveck founded CAAP Co. Inc. with the goal of providing the Air Force with a centralized source for the newly developed rain and high temperature resistant coating for their B–1 program. Their aerospace specification material was initially manufactured for the B–1 and F–16 aircraft. Groundbreaking design and research brought CAAP Co.’s color matched, antistatic, rain erosion resistant coatings, marking a new era in radome technology and providing the aircraft industry with the first truly antistatic coatings. Today, this small company continues to be an innovative leader in the development and manufacturing of specialty coatings for the F– 35, F–22 and the F–18. What began as one man’s vision of improving a product has become an international leader in the industry— that is what Yankee ingenuity is all about! Over the last 40 years, CAAP Co. has earned many accolades for excellence as a small supplier. They have been recognized by Boeing, Northrup Grumman, and Vought Aircraft Industries just to name a few. This company exemplifies the greatest qualities of a Connecticut small business: innovation, reliability, and the remarkable leadership of Jim Moraveck. Jim has made enormous contributions to the aircraft coating industry, and has brought so much pride to our state, but more than that he has earned the trust, respect and admiration, not only of those companies he supplies, but of the employees that make up the CAAP Co. family. The letter of invitation I received to the event celebrating this special anniversary was signed by each of the twentyfour employees and it read inpart: ‘‘Not only would we like to have Mr. Moraveck recognized for his technological advancements, but also for his commitment to being a wonderful boss and human being who continues to be passionate about the products his company develops. The loyalty of his employees is a testament to his dedication to CAAP Co., and his work. At 83 years old, he enjoys coming into work every day, and being involved in all aspects of his company.’’ Those beautiful words of sentiment speak volumes about the person Jim Moraveck is and the incredible company he has successfully built from the ground up. I am honored to join the CAAP Co. family in extending my sincere congratulations to Jim Moraveck as he marks this special 40th Anniversary milestone Small businesses, like CAAP Co., are the backbone of thriving communities and I cannot thank Jim enough for his many outstanding contributions to the industry and the Milford community. My very best wishes for many more years of health, happiness, and success. f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. STEPHANIE DUFFY AS THE 2016 SANTA ROSA COUNTY, FLORIDA, TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mrs. Stephanie Duffy as the 2016 Santa Rosa County Teacher of the Year. For more than two decades, Mrs. Duffy has served the students of Gulf Breeze High School and Santa Rosa County with exceptional enthusiasm, an infectious positive attitude, and an unwavering commitment to academic excellence. In Northwest Florida, we are blessed with an abundance of worldclass educators and schools, as evidenced by the many schools in the Florida Panhandle that consistently receive the highest possible ratings each year from the State of Florida. Gulf Breeze High School is one of many exceptional schools in Northwest Florida, and for over 21 years, Mrs. Duffy has been integral to the success of Gulf Breeze High students, working tirelessly to fulfill the school’s lofty motto to ‘‘Expect Excellence.’’ As a math teacher, Mrs. Duffy provides rigorous math instruction to hundreds of students each year in a widerange of vital math subjects. Whether she is teaching PreAlgebra, Algebra I Credit Recovery, Algebra I, Algebra II, Informal Geometry, Geometry, Geometry Honors, Analytic Geometry, Trigonometry, PreCalculus, or Math Analysis, Mrs. Duffy’s assiduous work ethic and warm demeanor combine to create a learning environment where her students are simultaneously challenged and supported. By expecting excellence, and providing a positive environment for students to engage with important math subjects, Mrs. Duffy motivates her students to attain their educational goals and develop the math skills that our Nation needs in tomorrow’s leaders. While there is no question that Mrs. Duffy is an exceptional teacher in the classroom, she also goes the extra mile to ensure that her students are successful in both their academic and extracurricular endeavors, helping to build wellrounded students that will become future civic leaders. Mrs. Duffy is known for providing free tutoring sessions to any student that is looking for a little extra help to achieve their goals, or looking to excel beyond the curriculum. By making herself available both before and after school, Mrs. Duffy ensures that all the students who want additional instruction have an opportunity for extra learning. Mrs. Duffy also sponsors myriad extracurricular activities to give students a chance to grow and gain valuable life skills. As the sponsor of study body classes, the National Honor Society, the Optimist Club, and the Geometry Team, Mrs. Duffy demonstrates a constant commitment to her students, school, and the entire Northwest Florida community. The importance of teachers is unquantifiable, and each and every teacher should be commended for their commitment to our Nation’s future. Throughout her career as a teacher, Mrs. Duffy has shown time and again that she understands the important position that teachers serve as role models for their students, and her incontrovertible commitment to professionalism extends beyond the boundaries of her classroom. Her success and the success of her students speaks for itself; however, her selection as Santa Rosa County Teacher of the Year, chosen from a large pool of extremely qualified applicants, is further reflection of Mrs. Duffy’s tremendous work ethic and steadfast dedication to the students of Northwest Florida. She has proven to be among the many exceptional teachers in our Nation, and I am proud to have her as a constituent in Florida’s First Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Mrs. Stephanie Duffy for her accomplishments and her continuing commitment to excellence at Gulf Breeze High School and in the Santa Rosa County School District. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating Mrs. Duffy, and we wish her all the best for continued success. 
IN RECOGNITION OF WINFRED PARNELL, M.D. ELECTED AS CHAIR OF PARKLAND BOARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Winfred Parnell, MD, a board certified physician in obstetrics and gynecology. On February 19, 2016, Dr. Parnell was named chairman of the Parkland Health & Hospital System Board of Managers. Dr. Parnell has been a pillar in the medical community and in 2004 he was named one of ‘‘The Best Doctors in Dallas’’ by D Magazine. Dr. Parnell practices obstetrics and gynecology at Carlos and Parnell, MD, PA, a medical practice he cofounded more than 30 years ago. He serves as a regional director for Doctors of America and is a member of the Parkland Foundation Physicians Council. He also serves as a delegate to the Texas Medical Association as well as board of directors of BBVA Compass Bank Dallas. Dr. Parnell previously served as a board member of the Dallas County Medical Society and for more than 15 years served as a board trustee at Medical City Hospital Dallas. A native Floridian, Dr. Parnell earned a bachelor’s degree in premedical science at Florida A&M University in 1974 and a medical degree at the University of Florida College of Medicine in 1977. He completed residency training in obstetrics and gynecology at Parkland in 1982. Dr. Parnell and his wife, Debra, are the proud parents of twins, Winfred and Wendy. His daughter, Wendy Parnell, MD, completed residency training at Parkland in 2011 and practices obstetrics and gynecology. His son, Winfred Parnell, MD, is pursuing residency training in family medicine. Dr. Parnell’s dedication to the field of medicine has proven his willingness to serve his community. He is an exemplary physician and is highly regarded among his peers. It is an honor to serve someone who has sacrificed so 
much for his community in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Robert Fisher of Marshfield, MA on his 600th career win as a high school basketball coach and for the incredible work he has done to educate and inspire so many young people. With over 35 years of experience as head coach, Coach Fisher has earned respect as one of the greatest coaches in Massachusetts history. As of this season, only three other boys’ basketball coaches in the Commonwealth have reached the lofty heights of over 600 wins. Coach Fisher’s talents as a business teacher at BridgewaterRaynham Regional High School in Massachusetts and his efforts to cofound the basketball program at Bentley College where he had attended brought him to the attention of thenvarsity basketball coach and athletic director of Rockland High, A. Scott MacKinlay. In 1966, Coach Fisher started off as assistant coach and by the start of the 1969–70 season was named as the new head coach by Principal MacKinlay. Coach Fisher, or ‘‘Fish’’ as he was known to his friends, went on to coach for 23 years off and on at Rockland High before moving to his alma mater in Quincy, MA for four years. He has since been successfully coaching in Marshfield, MA for 8 seasons. Coach Fisher’s success does not only show in his teams’ wins. Perhaps his most incredible feat is that for 35 years his boys have been going to the state tournament and even won 2 titles in 1974 and 2004. For his tremendous efforts and passion of the sport, Coach Fisher has been enshrined in three different Halls of Fame—Rockland High, New England Basketball and Bentley College. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in honor of Coach Fisher, who exemplifies what it means to be a coach and role model for so many young men over the decades. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this distinguished educator and in wishing him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
CONGRATULATING PIPERDANAY SMITH ON RECEIVING THE CITIZEN SCHOLAR AWARD FROM MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate PiperDanay Smith, an outstanding student at Missouri State University, on her selection to receive the Citizen Scholar Award. Each year, this prestigious award is given by Missouri State University’s Board of Governors to students who have contributed to the university, furthered the university’s public affairs mission, and have been significantly engaged in extracurricular accomplishments and/or in important service activities in the community. Since the award was created in 2007, only fortyseven students have been recognized for their stellar achievements. PiperDanay, from Grandview, Missouri, was one of a handful of exceptional students to receive the award this year. She is a senior nursing major who plans to become a nurse and has further aspirations to eventually obtaining a doctorate degree. Described by her professor as a strong leader and role model, PiperDanay has displayed a dedication to helping others that extends past her own career goals in order to serve the people in her community. Mr. Speaker, PiperDanay Smith’s accomplishments have set a great example of what a Citizen Scholar should be. This award represents a great deal of her hard work and dedication. I am proud to represent students like her and I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on this welldeserved achievement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ellen Stovall, a true champion for cancer survivors. For decades, Ellen worked tirelessly to improve the lives of people with cancer. She knew the issue well, having been diagnosed with cancer three times. Ellen died on January 5 from cardiac complications related to her cancer treatments. On Wednesday, I joined her family, friends, and colleagues across the cancer advocacy community to mourn her loss, both in the professional sense and the personal. She was a woman who could really get things done; yet through all her hard work she never forgot the importance of relationships, comforting so many in some of our toughest hours. When I think about Ellen, and the great deal she accomplished over the course of her life, I know there is truly so much to celebrate. She was a force. She looked around, found what needed to be fixed, and poured herself into doing it. Ellen broke through the traditional silos in cancer—she has brought together the work of different disease types, patients and providers, researchers and drug developers, caregivers, and support workers. And she worked across the cancer spectrum, from basic research, clinical trials, treatment access, symptom management, and palliative care. And in doing so she brought attention to survivorship. ‘‘Survivorship became what I did,’’ she once said. ‘‘I lived with the cancer, I lived through the cancer, and I lived beyond the cancer. Survivorship became a way that I lived my life after the cancer. I live with the fact that I had cancer, and that knowledge has been empowering for me.’’ And in being a survivor, and dedicating herself to cancer survivorship issues, Ellen was able to amplify the community’s impact in Washington and in communities across the country. Her passion was contagious. She was smart and strategic, with excellent political acumen. But most important was Ellen’s ability to connect with others, empathize with their situation, and put herself in their shoes. That ability informed her work—especially in support of cancer care planning. The same tenacity she brought to her battle with cancer, she brought to the halls of Congress. The same passion she had for life, she brought to those she comforted as they underwent diagnosis and treatment. And she did it all with great humility. There are few, if any of us, who can say we have improved the lives of so many. But Ellen’s work—her calling—has been to change the system so that each of those individuals, and their families, might have a better experience. Ellen had said it herself. She had the kind of coordinated care and roadmap that helped make the cancer journey a little bit easier. But she recognized that for far too many individuals facing a cancer diagnosis, this coordinated care planning is lacking or nonexistent. She also recognized that there are health care providers who want to do more to help patients navigate their cancer journey, but are currently unable to do so. So, like she had so many other times, Ellen rolled up her sleeves and got to work. And that is how our Planning Actively for Cancer Treatment—or PACT Act—was born. I am so honored to have worked with Ellen and NCCS as I authored this legislation with Congressman BOUSTANY from Louisiana. Our bipartisan bill would provide a treatment roadmap for patients that would lay out a plan to address both the cancer and the sideeffects of treatment. This active care planning empowers patients and families while helping them navigate from diagnosis through survivorship. It helps bring cancer care best practices to all in need. It is a testament to Ellen that she would dedicate her life to helping others get the care that they deserve, even when she was satisfied with her own. And it is something that I know so many in the cancer advocacy community will continue to champion on behalf of Ellen. So with that, I am hopeful. Ellen might be gone, but in each of us, we know that her spirit lives on. Her commitment to improving the cancer journey lives on and her passion for life lives on. I’d like to offer my condolences to her husband and son whose strength and support were always evident in Ellen’s work. And I’d like to extend my sympathy to her friends and colleagues at NCCS and all the many organizations she partnered with. Ellen will truly be missed, but we are still here to carry the torch and improve cancer care for all who need it. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in observance of February as National Marfan 
Awareness Month and to pay tribute to the hundreds of thousands of Americans who are living with Marfan syndrome and related connective tissue disorders. I am proud to represent the nation’s foremost organization working to support the Marfan community, The Marfan Foundation, based in Port Washington, New York. The Foundation was founded in 1981 by Priscilla Ciccariello, a woman of tremendous compassion and vision. Since then, The Marfan Foundation has worked tirelessly to improve the lives of individuals affected by Marfan syndrome and related connective tissue disorders by advancing research, raising awareness, and providing support. It is estimated that 200,000 people in the United States are affected by Marfan syndrome or a related condition. Marfan syndrome is a genetic disorder of the connective tissue that can affect many areas of the body, including the heart, eyes, skeleton, lungs and blood vessels. It is a progressive condition and can cause deterioration in each of these body systems. The most serious and life threatening aspect of the syndrome is a weakening of the aorta. The aorta is the largest artery carrying oxygenated blood from the heart. Over time, many Marfan syndrome patients experience a dramatic weakening of the aorta which can cause the vessel to dissect and tear. Aortic dissection is a leading killer in the United States, and 20% of the people it affects have a genetic predisposition, like Marfan syndrome, to developing the complication. If patients receive an early and accurate diagnosis, the disease process can be slowed. However, due to a lack of education and awareness, physicians often do not diagnose a patient until an adverse cardiac event occurs. High school athletes represent the most alarming group of individuals affected by adverse cardiac events, with an estimated incidence of once or twice per week. The inadequate health screening of athletes contributes annually to the untimely deaths of many young adults, especially those affected by structural cardiovascular abnormalities, such as Marfan syndrome. A recent example of the need for consistent cardiovascular screening guidelines is Isaiah Austin, who was diagnosed with Marfan syndrome when entering the National Basketball Association (NBA) Draft and thus previously unaware that he was at risk for sudden cardiac death during his entire scholastic basketball career. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me and The Marfan Foundation in raising awareness of this lifethreatening disorder so we can prevent future unnecessary tragedies. I urge my colleagues to stand with me and reflect on what we can do to efficiently and effectively address this growing public health concern of health screenings for high school athletes. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to increase support for health screening programs in public and private high schools throughout the nation that aim to identify this silent enemy of our young athletes. HONORING THE TRINITY EPISCOPAL CHURCH ON THE GREEN AS THEY CELEBRATE THEIR 200TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, in December of 1812, the Town Council of New Haven, Connecticut, voted to allow the construction of Trinity Episcopal Church on the town green. This vote represented a unique moment of tolerance and acceptance in the City’s history as since its inception the community and indeed the state was controlled by the Congregational Church with deep Puritan roots. Four years later, construction of Trinity Episcopal Church, affectionately known locally as Trinity on the Green, was completed. Two hundred years later, the Gothicstyle church, the first of its kind in North America, continues to proudly call the New Haven Green its home. Over the course of its 200year history, Trinity on the Green has been much more than simply a house of worship. Its parish members have also given back to the community, particularly through Chapel on the Green. Serving the homeless and others, every Sunday, 52 weeks a year, outdoors regardless of weather, Trinity offers a short Eucharist service followed by a simple lunch. Gathered participants sing, offer prayers, celebrate a simple Eucharist and partake of a meal. Throughout the year the services also include a foot washing clinic, handing out of socks and clothing, and a moving memorial to the homeless who have died the past year. Trinity on the Green also donates generous resources to a variety of charitable organizations and parish members can often be found volunteering throughout the City at soup kitchens and shelters. Trinity on the Green is also home to the Trinity Choir of Men and Boys. With members as young as age eight and ranging to men well into adulthood, it is the oldest such choir in Connecticut, one of the oldest in the United States, and one of very few that have been in continuous service since inception. In addition to providing choral music at Trinity worship services, the Choir also performs at the Christmas and Spring Concerts as well as throughout events in the wider community. The dedication and talent of its membership has earned the Choir a distinguished reputation and they have regularly appeared with other wellknown musical organizations. The youngest of the group have a separate identity as the Trinity Boys Choir and their service to the community is certainly something to be recognized. Their frequent outreach activities have included benefit performances for the Children’s Center, Ronald McDonald House, Sage Services, Newington Children’s Hospital, the Fair Haven Parents’ Ministry, the Smilow Cancer Center, and for WFSB Channel 3’s annual Joy for Kids Holiday Show at the Hartford Stage. They have sung in the Cathedrals of the British Isles and have been invited to appear at five Christmastime celebrations at the White House. Our churches play a vital role in our communities—providing people with a place to turn to for comfort and guidance when they are most in need. Trinity on the Green gives its members a place to find their spiritual center and to solidify and support their values. For 200 years, Trinity on the Green has been a fixture in our community—a poignant reminder of religious tolerance and acceptance. Their parish members are dedicated to making a difference in our community and have shown a remarkable dedication to serving those most in need. I am proud to stand today and extend my very best wishes to them as they mark this milestone in their history. Happy 200th Anniversary! 
RECOGNIZING MS. KRISTY IMHOF AS THE 2017 ESCAMBIA COUNTY, FLORIDA, TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Ms. Kristy Imhof as the 2017 Escambia County, Florida, Teacher of the Year. For more than a decade, Ms. Imhof has inspired her students through an enthusiastic teaching style that allows students to engage with their learning materials, develop their skills, and reach their highest potential. Throughout her career as an educator, Ms. Imhof has exemplified many of the most important characteristics of a worldclass educator. Upon graduating from Florida State University, Ms. Imhof began her teaching career at Emerald Coast Academy in Pensacola, developing a curriculum to meet the needs of students with learning disabilities, before joining the Escambia County School District as a seventh grade history teacher at Ransom Middle School in Pensacola. Ms. Imhof was at the forefront of educators integrating new technology into the teaching experience to help better engage her students to connect with our Nation’s storied history, and during this time, she also led workshops with her fellow teachers to help them incorporate technology into their lesson plans. Thanks in large part to her success leading her fellow coworkers at Ransom, Ms. Imhof then joined an educational consulting company, CompassLeaming, where she was responsible for training teachers and administrators from Pensacola to Tallahassee on how to implement new plans to bring computers into the classroom and utilize the expanding array of educational software. Like many great teachers, Ms. Imhof is also deeply committed to serving and improving her local community, as evidenced by her time spent as an English literacy and civics teacher at Santa Rosa Adult School in Milton. In this capacity, she played an integral role in a new district program to improve academic achievement for students from nonEnglish speaking homes, which included her simultaneously teaching civics lessons to nonEnglish speaking parents, to better integrate them into the Northwest Florida community, and tutoring their children during school hours. In this capacity, Ms. Imhof consistently went above and beyond, conducting weekly home visits and serving as a liaison to bridge language and cultural gaps, thereby improving the educational experience, and as a result the academic achievements, of many Northwest Florida students. 
In 2013, Ms. Imhof returned to Ransom Middle School, where she began her tenure in the Escambia County School District. In her current capacity as a seventh grade English teacher, Ms. Imhof strives to challenge and motivate her students to develop a passion for reading and language arts, while also focusing on how to translate their studies into real world writing skills using extensive modeling and mentor texts. In addition to her success in the classroom, Ms. Imhof continues to be a leader amongst her peers, serving as a Mentor Teacher to help pass on the lessons she has learned to those entering the educational field. In addition, she also serves on the Interview Committee, is the Student of the Month Chairperson, Grade Level Treasurer, and Boxtops for Education Coordinator, while also serving the Ransom student body further as the Cross Country Club Sponsor and Assistant Track Coach. Teachers are amongst our Nation’s most valuable public servants. Both in and out of the classroom, they help mentor their students and ensure that our next generation emerges ready to lead our Nation in the future. Ms. Imhof’s assiduous work ethic, unbridled enthusiasm, creativity, and commitment to student engagement exemplify the characteristics of an extraordinary teacher, and her selection as the 2017 Escambia County Teacher of the Year is a welldeserved reflection of her success and leadership in and out of the classroom. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Ms. Kristy Imhof for her accomplishments and her continuing commitment to excellence at Ransom Middle School and in the Escambia County School District. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating Ms. Imhof, and we wish her all the best for continued success. 
CELEBRATING THE ALTOONA CITY PLANNING COMMISSION FOR 100 YEARS OF SERVICE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Altoona City Planning Commission (APC) on its 100th year of service to the Altoona community. The APC was officially introduced in a 1916 ordinance, by thenmayor Charles E. Rhodes, during a message to City Council. Shortly after the official ordinance was introduced, the City Council unanimously passed it, thereby creating the Department of City Planning and the Altoona City Planning Commission. While the ordinance received unanimous backing from the council, it had previously faced political opposition. Thus, a great deal of thanks is due to those who provided concerted support for the planning commission’s creation. Today, the APC consists of a sevenmember Board of area residents, which is appointed by the Mayor. Acting in an advisory role to the City Council, the APC helps direct the short and longterm development of the city. As such, I would like to express my appreciation and that of Altoona’s residents to all those who have served on this Board throughout its 100 years of existence. I believe it is also worth highlighting that the APC is the longest continuously operating planning commission in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. I am privileged to congratulate the APC on a century of history and service to the Altoona community, and to thank all who have helped this commission continue its success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL FUTURE FARMERS OF AMERICA ORGANIZATION WEEK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the young future farmers in the First District of Iowa celebrating the 2016 National Future Farmers of America Organization Week. The National Future Farmers of America Organization, more commonly known as the FFA, formed in 1928 to provide an opportunity for young farmers to develop their leadership skills and embrace their profession in agriculture. Since that time, this organization has grown to be and mean so much more to the students that participate. Through the FFA, middle and high school students are engaged in a wide range of curriculum and activities, preparing them for hundreds of different career opportunities in agriculture. Across the country, the FFA provides a path to achievement for young men and women aspiring to be teachers, scientists, business owners, and other important professions within agriculture. The Future Farmers of America provides the skills necessary for the next generation of farmers to face challenges and develop their talents in an ever changing and dynamic field. The Iowa Future Farmers of America has 14,800 students within 226 chapters across the state. I am proud of the job the Iowa FFA is doing training our young people and setting them on a rewarding path for career success in agriculture. Without a doubt, the FFA is preparing these next generation of Iowans to be innovators and leaders, as farming continues to evolve to meet the requirements of production necessary to feed our country. I recognize them for their passion and achievements, and wish the organization and the students all continued success for many more years. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the late Mr. Charles E. Crowningshield of Port Kent, New York, who was extremely dedicated to community service. Charlie spent 44 years of his life as the dock master for the Lake Champlain Transportation Company and lived his entire life in Port Kent, New York, located in New York’s 21st Congressional District. Charlie will be remembered by the family and friends that surrounded him as a loyal and dedicated man, with a wonderful sense of humor and a deep faith. Charlie devoted many years to organizations in his community including the Au Sable River Masonic Lodge #149, Keeseville Kiwanis, Town of Chesterfield Zoning Board of Appeals, the North Star Underground Railroad Museum and the Keeseville Elks Lodge. Charlie also served as the chair of the Town of Chesterfield Republican Committee and was a member of the Essex County Republican Committee. Charlie often spoke of his two true loves, his wife Sue and politics. Charlie will be missed by many for his dedication to civics through his involvement in many local organizations in Upstate New York and beyond. I thank Charlie’s family for sharing him with the community and send them my most heartfelt condolences on his loss. f 
HONORING JOSEPH CARBONE ON THE CELEBRATION OF HIS 20TH ANNIVERSARY AS PRESIDENT & CEO OF THE WORKPLACE, INC. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, It is with great pleasure that I rise today to join the friends and colleagues gathered this evening to pay tribute to Joseph Carbone as he marks his 20th Anniversary as President and CEO of the WorkPlace, Inc. It is an extraordinary milestone for Joe and this remarkable organization. Under Joe’s leadership, the WorkPlace has evolved into a nationally recognized leader in skill development and worker training. His innovative vision and approach has brought a myriad of unique programs to life, expanding the agency’s capacity to assist our community’s vulnerable populations and transforming countless lives. Successfully pursuing both government and private funding resources, Joe has ensured that the programs and services offered at the WorkPlace continue to meet the everchanging needs of those they serve. Over the course of the last two decades, Joe and the WorkPlace have been at the forefront of innovative programming. The SWCT Works Assisted Services Center is the first of its kind and only one in Connecticut. It focuses on ensuring the American workforce system is accessible to people with disabilities. The WorkPlace has taken the initiative to provide veterans, including those who are homeless or incarcerated, a variety of job training, reemployment assistance and support services with a particular focus on opportunities in the green energy industry. Maturity Works is a program that helps unemployed people 55 or older, gain skills to reenter the workforce through paid community service opportunities. Joe’s crowning achievement is his program Platform to Employment, a privately funded program that created a pathway back to employment for individuals who have exhausted their maximum 99 weeks of unemployment 
benefits. P2E provides customized training in job skills, eight weeks of subsidized employment, personal support, and access to existing jobs open with local employers in several industries, including finance/banking, media, manufacturing, and entertainment. P2E gained Joe and the WorkPlace national attention as it took on a serious problem that impacted communities and families across the country. With programs like these, the WorkPlace is more than simply a job resource center—it is a think tank for workforce solutions. Joe and his team are able to identify the challenges at the root of unemployment and develop programs and services that help them to turn their lives around. Joe is not only an extraordinary leader in our community, and he is more than a dear friend—he is family. Joe and I grew up in the same neighborhood and we have known each other for more years than either of us would care to admit. He has always been a source of inspiration and guidance for me and I am grateful for that friendship. Today, as he marks his 20th Anniversary as President and CEO of the WorkPlace, Joe can look back on his career with pride and know that his dedication, hard work, and compassion have touched the lives of thousands. I am proud to rise today to join the WorkPlace Board of Directors and staff in extending my sincere thanks and appreciation to Joseph Carbone for his invaluable contributions to this outstanding organization and our community. My heartfelt congratulations and very best wishes for continued success. 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. ALBERT F. GIALLORENZI, SCRANTON UNICO’S ‘‘UNICAN OF THE YEAR’’ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Albert F. Giallorenzi who was named the Scranton Chapter of UNICO’s ‘‘UNICAN of the Year,’’ and will be recognized on February 27, 2016 during their Annual Ball. Dr. Giallorenzi is a graduate of the College of the Holy Cross and the University of Pennsylvania School of Dentistry. Following dental school, he interned at the Philadelphia General Hospital and was an oral and maxillofacial surgical resident at Hahnemann Medical College. Dr. Giallorenzi maintained a private practice for forty years in association with Drs. Christopher Kotchick, Mark Giallorenzi, and Justin Burns, with offices in Scranton, Carbondale, and Tobyhanna. In 2013, Dr. Giallorenzi retired from his practice. Licensed in Pennsylvania for dentistry, Dr. Giallorenzi held memberships in a wide variety of professional associations including Chief of Service at Mercy Hospital for thirtyseven years, President and later Chairman of the Scranton Dental Society, Chairman of the United Way Dental Division, and member of the Advisory Committee to the American Board of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery. In addition, Dr. Giallorenzi served as an Examiner for Board Certification for the Committee of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery, and he volunteered his time with the Pennsylvania Department of Welfare, Jewish Federation Indigent Dental Clinic, Third District Dental Society Board of Governors, Pennsylvania Dental Association, and on the dental staff of St. Michael’s School for Boys. Dr. Giallorenzi has received both Diplomate and Fellow Honors from the American Board of Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery, American College of Dentists, American Dental Society of Anesthesiology, the American Dental Board of Anesthesiology, International College of Dentists, and the Pierre Fauchard International Dental Honor Society. In addition, he contributed articles to the Journal of Prosthetic Dentistry, Journal of Oral Surgery and Oral Health, and was an editor for the Bulletin of the Scranton District Dental Society. Today, Dr. Giallorenzi is an active participant in the community, including volunteering service to the American Cancer Society, St. Gregory’s Church, Clarks Green, Cub Scout Pack 152, Abington Junior Soccer League, Waverly Community House, and the Holy Cross Club of Northeastern Pennsylvania. Dr. Giallorenzi also serves on the Board of the Scranton Chapter of UNICO National. He is married to the former Diane Valera, and they have two adult children, Dr. Mark A. Giallorenzi and Christina Giallorenzi. It is a distinct honor to recognize Dr. Albert F. Giallorenzi for his superb service to his profession and community, and I congratulate him on being named Scranton UNICO’s ‘‘UNICAN of the Year.’’ f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of one of my constituents, Becca Pizzi of Belmont, Massachusetts. Becca is a single mother, a child care provider, a local ice cream shop manager, and just recently, a world recordbreaking athlete. In the early hours of January 30, 2016, in Sydney, Australia, Becca became the first woman from the United States to complete the World Marathon Challenge. This international marathon began in Antarctica and is comprised of seven marathons on seven continents, all over seven days. In her race around the world, Becca set two world records: the fastest average marathon time among women at 3 hours, 55 minutes, and 11 seconds, and shortest time frame for a female to complete marathons on all seven continents at 6 days, 18 hours and 38 minutes. Upon her return, Becca’s hometown of Belmont greeted her and her family with a parade in celebration of her accomplishment. Through all of her training and through the grueling race, Becca credited her 8 year old daughter Taylor as her source of inspiration. Becca’s story exemplifies our community’s unique grit and determination to reach the highest heights despite any obstacle. I thank Becca for inspiring athletes around the world and congratulate her on her historic achievement. RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED SERVICE OF MILTON CHIEF OF POLICE GREGORY BRAND HON. JEFF MILLER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Chief Gregory Brand for his dedicated service to the Gulf Coast community on the occasion of his retirement as the Chief of Police from the City of Milton, Florida. Always striving for greatness, Chief Brand earned his Bachelor of Arts Degree from Saint Thomas University in Miami, Florida, where he was elected to ‘‘Who’s Who among students in American Universities and Colleges.’’ Upon graduation, Chief Brand began his law enforcement career in South Florida with the Hollywood Police Department in February 1977. After more than twentyfive years in Hollywood, during which he rose to the rank of Major, Chief Brand retired from the Hollywood Police Department and accepted the position of Chief of Police for the City of Milton in May 2002. Although now retiring, Chief Brand will remain in the city which he has grown to love so dearly. As a former Deputy Sheriff, I understand the important and sometimes underappreciated role that law enforcement officers play in the local community in Northwest Florida and in communities across the country. Each and every day, dedicated law enforcement officers put themselves in danger to protect and serve their community as an officer of the law. Chief Brand has been a true pillar of the Northwest Florida community and exemplifies all of the qualities of a worldclass law enforcement officer. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful community, I am pleased to congratulate Chief Gregory Brand on his wellearned retirement. His decades of service are a testament to his commitment to the State of Florida, and my wife Vicki and I wish him all the best in his wellearned retirement with his wife, children and grandchildren. 
TRIBUTE TO THE SPRING ARBOR UNIVERSITY WOMEN’S SOCCER TEAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Spring Arbor University women’s soccer team on their 2015 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics National Championship. Under the leadership of the NAIA National Coach of the Year, Jason Crist, the Cougars earned the program’s firstever national title on December 5, 2015. Led by a strong defensive effort, the team recorded its 10th consecutive shutout of the season against the defending champs, and topranked, Lindsey Wilson College. With the shutout, Spring Arbor became the only team in NAIA history to make it through the tournament without conceding a single goal. 
From tournament MVP and National Player of the year—Bethany Balcer—scoring two goals, to tournament defensive MVP and goalkeeper—Sarah Yancer—refusing to surrender a single goal, the entire team rose to excellence in their championship victory. The record breaking season for the Cougars concluded with a programbest 23 wins and included a 19match winning streak. The achievements of the team were not only limited to the field of play. Throughout the season, the team carried themselves in a way that proudly represented our community and the university. When faced with adversity, they responded with integrity, character, and selflessness. In the classroom, the team maintained an outstanding 3.5 cumulative grade point average. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Spring Arbor University women’s soccer team on their remarkable accomplishments throughout the 2015 season. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to congratulate my Chief of Staff, Lauryn Schothorst, and her husband, Bret, on the birth of their daughter, Caroline Martin Schothorst. Caroline was born on February 8, 2016 at 1:34 p.m. in Washington, DC. I would also like to congratulate their son, Owen, on becoming a big brother. I have full confidence that Owen will teach his baby sister everything there is to know about dinosaurs and how to cheer for his favorite baseball team, the Washington Nationals. Caroline is welcomed by her grandparents John and Debra Bernier of Strafford, Pennsylvania, and James and Deborah Schothorst of Grand Forks, North Dakota. We’re blessed to welcome Caroline to our extended office family, and I extend my most sincere congratulations to Lauryn, Bret, and Owen on this wonderful addition to their family. 
HONORING LIEUTENANT BOB IRISH ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE EXETER FIRE DEPARTMENT AFTER 38 YEARS OF SERVICE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my congratulations to Lt. Bob Irish on his retirement after 38 years with the Exeter Fire Department, and 36 years as a fire instructor at the NH Fire Academy. Lt. Irish’s continuous progression within the Exeter Fire Department and the NH Fire Academy during his time exemplifies his intelligence, positive attitude, and commitment to protecting and serving his community with the utmost professionalism. Although Lt. Irish will now shift his focus from serving his community to spending more time with his five grandchildren, it’s clear he leaves an example of strong leadership and compassion for others to emulate in his wake. It is with great admiration that I congratulate Lt. Irish on his retirement, and wish him the best on all future endeavors. f 
HONORING THE WEST HAVEN COMMUNITY HOUSE AS THEY CELEBRATE THEIR 75TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to join the West Haven community as they gather to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of an outstanding organization—the West Haven Community House. Over the course of the last seven decades, the West Haven Community House has provided invaluable programs and services to those most in need—touching the lives of thousands and improving not only the quality of their lives but of the community as a whole. The West Haven Community House was a community effort from the very beginning. In 1939, social worker Pauline Lang, a visionary leader, gathered a group of volunteers to facilitate a series of public meetings where residents could talk about what issues they felt were most important to their community. Through these discussions there came a clear mandate for a community center that would enhance the quality of life for all West Haven residents, and would serve as a hub of positive activities for children. Soon after, a capital campaign was undertaken, a Victorian home at 227 Elm Street was purchased, and in August 1941, incorporation papers were signed establishing the West Haven Community House Association. The Community House has always strived to ensure that the programs and services they offer meet the needs of every community member. Since the beginning every effort has been made to create an environment that welcomed children and adults, individuals and families alike. And as the needs and interests of residents have changed over the years, so has the Community House. Teen dances, Saturday cooking classes, afterschool activity programs and children’s day camps were typical offerings in the 40s, 50s, and 60s. Today, the Community House offers a host of programs for children, teens, and parents, and has expanded its outreach to include support for adults with developmental disabilities. Current programs and services include a Head Start Program; before and after school care for elementary school children as well as a summer program; the Positive Youth Development & Kids in the Neighborhood, an after school enrichment program for elementary school children; and Community Connections, integration day activities and residential services for adults with developmental disabilities. It is not an understatement to describe the Community House as the cornerstone social service agency of West Haven. Serving thousands of area residents every year, the Community House stays true to its mission to facilitate healthy, productive, independent and meaningful lives for individuals with disabilities, and children, adolescents, and families. A leading voice of advocacy and quality care, this remarkable organization has left an indelible mark on the West Haven community. I am proud to stand today and extend my sincere thanks and heartfelt congratulations to the West Haven Community House on its 75th Anniversary. Their good work has made a real difference in countless lives and I wish them all the best for many more years of success. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to stand before you and my colleagues today to honor Mr. Robert Nickovich and to wish him well upon his retirement. Since 1981, Bob has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Lake County, Indiana, Parks and Recreation Department. Throughout the years, he has devoted his time and efforts to improving the quality of life for residents and visitors of Northwest Indiana. For his lifetime of service, Mr. Nickovich will be honored at a retirement dinner at Turkey Creek Banquet Hall in Merrillville, Indiana, on Friday, February 26, 2016. Robert began his career with the Lake County Parks and Recreation Department as a recreation supervisor in 1972, at which time there was only one park site managed by the department. Since then, the Lake County Parks land has grown immensely, expanding from 400 to nearly 7,000 acres within eleven parks throughout the county. This land includes nature preserves, historic sites, trails, parks, and familyfriendly facilities. In 1995, Bob played a major role in the creation of Deep River Waterpark in Merrillville. The facility is nationally recognized and continues to be a tremendous asset to the economy of Lake County, generating millions of visitors since its opening. Bellaboo’s Play and Discovery Center was also created under Mr. Nickovich’s direction in 2006. Located at Three Rivers County Park in Lake Station, Bellaboo’s provides a handson early learning experience for children. The award winning facility exhibits the significant connection between play and early learning. Through his work with the Indiana Park and Recreation Association, the National Association of County Park and Recreation Officials, the Great Lakes Regional Council, the Indiana Grand Kankakee Marsh Restoration Project Steering Committee, and the North American Coastal Project, Bob has been an exceptional leader and passionate activist for parks and recreation in Northwest Indiana and beyond. What is little known is Bob’s inestimable help with the creation of the Marquette Plan. At its genesis, if there was a question on a concept or utilization issue, Robert received my first call. The Plan is in every way improved because of his sage counsel. In addition to his work with parks and recreation in Lake County, Mr. Nickovich has also given of his time through his involvement in various community organizations including, but not limited to, Lake County’s Community Foundation—The Legacy Foundation, and 
Waterfowl USA—Northwest Chapter, and he has also served on the board of directors for the Drifting Dunes Girl Scout Council. Bob’s dedication to his community throughout his career is exceeded only by his devotion to his amazing family. Bob and his wonderful wife, Julie, have one son, Jim, and two beloved grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I have known Bob Nickovich for my entire adult life and am lucky to have him as a friend. Our region and state have been enriched because of his life of selfless public service. Future generations will profit from his foresight and exemplary work, and his impact on the region will be witnessed for years to come. For his many contributions, Bob is worthy of our gratitude and admiration. I ask that you join me in wishing him well upon his retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Hershel Solomon Graubard on the advent of his Bar Mitzvah. This is an important milestone in this young man’s life and his family is immensely proud, as am I, to see him cross this threshold. The term Bar Mitzvah originates from the ‘‘son of the commandment,’’ signifying a young person’s coming of age and assumption of full responsibility for performing commandments. It is also at this age that a youngster is first called to bless and recite from the Torah Scroll. For all these reasons, this is a momentous event in Hershel’s journey to adulthood. Mr. Speaker, Hershel Solomon Graubard is growing into a wonderful young man and we are all deeply proud of him. He is someone who cares a great deal about his community and civic engagement— something we would all like to see among more young people. I fully expect that Hershel will do great things in coming years. I am proud to count him and his entire family among my friends. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in wishing Hershel and his family all of the best for a wonderful day and a joyous celebration. May he continue exhibiting wisdom and maturity beyond his years. 
IN HONOR OF THE 104TH BIRTHDAY OF RODGER WILLIAMS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recognize the birthday of Rodger Williams. He turned 104 on October 15th. Rodger was born on October 15, 1911, to Carrie Lee Humphries and Frank Williams in Waverly, Alabama. He was the fourth of five children, William, Mary, Jack and Susie and was the youngest boy. Rodger served in the United States Army in World War II. In 1946, he married Bessie B. Caldwell and they were blessed with eight children. His children include: Eddie James, Dorothy Jean (deceased), Clarence (deceased), Joseph, Marguerite, Jenese, Jacqueline and Christine. Bessie died in 1989. He also had one daughter prior to marrying Bessie, Jean Knight (deceased). Rodger purchased over 100 acres of land after the war and much of his family still resides on the property. After the war, he worked in a steel mill in Chicago and returned to Alabama in 1955 working as a farmer. He also worked as a custodian at Auburn University for 17 years before retiring. Rodger only finished 6th grade, but believes strongly in education. His children and grandchildren have attended Tuskegee College, Miles College, Southern Union, the University of Alabama, Troy University, Faulkner University, Vanderbilt University, Howard College and Alabama State University. Rodger loves spending time with his family and enjoying fresh vegetables. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life and achievements of Rodger Williams and wishing him a happy 104th birthday! f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week my home state of Texas joined the rest of the country in celebration of Future Farmers of America’s annual National FFA Week: recognizing the importance of and advocating for agricultural education and FFA. The tradition was started back in 1947 when the National FFA Board of Directors designated the week of George Washington’s birthday as National FFA Week in recognition of his legacy as an agriculturalist and farmer. Today, thousands of chapters around the country and hundreds of thousands of members celebrate National FFA Week and advocate for increased agricultural education and FFA membership. The Future Farmers of America organization is a staple of our countries agricultural education; it cultivates young men and women into competent leaders who possess an intimate knowledge of agriculture. The organization is rich in history with its foundation dating back to 1928 when 33 students from 18 states congregated in Kansas City, Missouri and constructed the organization. Today, the organization is 629,367 members strong with 7,757 chapters, at least one in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Although FFA membership nationwide is something to celebrate, I want to highlight the state with the largest FFA membership in the country: my home state of Texas. Currently, Texas leads the country in FFA membership with 1021 chapters and 103,379 members. Texas FFA serves as a shining example to the rest of the country as to what membership and participation in FFA should be. Texans understand the great importance of agricultural education and cultivating the next generation into competent leaders; no organization does that better than FFA and no state does FFA better than Texas. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MEDICAL CENTER OF LEWISVILLE’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Samuel and Judith Lorusso on being honored by the Falmouth Education Foundation. This welldeserved recognition comes as no surprise to those closest to the Lorusso family as they have been nothing but a source of positivity and strength in the community for decades. Mr. Lorusso followed in his father’s footsteps in the family business when he and his brothers bought his company Hyannis Sand and Gravel, renaming it Cape Cod Aggregates Corporation, in 1981. Today, Cape Cod Aggregates has six locations across Massachusetts and frequently makes generous contributions to local events and organizations, such as helping to fund a 4th of July fireworks display. 
The Lorussos have been active members of the Falmouth, Massachusetts community, giving back to the education system in the community since 1980. Mrs. Lorusso discovered her passion for supporting our schools and teachers when she began volunteering at Teaticket Elementary School. She eventually went on to serve on the Falmouth School Committee for one term and as the president of the Teaticket Parent Teacher Organization for many years. The Lorussos were also integral to the creation of a walking track at Teaticket Elementary as well as a greenhouse at Falmouth High School. But the Lorussos’ dedication of time and resources does not just stop with our educators. Mrs. Lorusso serves as a Falmouth Town Hall member—sitting on the board of the Falmouth Service Center, as well as the Falmouth Chamber of Commerce. And, three years ago, Mr. and Mrs. Lorusso cofounded the Falmouth Veterans Day Breakfast to honor the service of local veterans through a complimentary reception. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor Mr. and Mrs. Lorusso for their many years of extraordinary service to their fellow citizens and for the sterling example they have set for their friends and family. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating them for being recognized by the Falmouth Education Foundation. 
HONORING THE MILFORD CHAPTER OF THE LINKS INCORPORATED AS THEY CELEBRATE THEIR 30TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to rise today to join all of those gathered in honoring the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Across Connecticut there will be a multitude of events paying tribute to Dr. King, but in Milford, Connecticut a remarkable milestone for an outstanding organization will also be celebrated. With this year’s ‘‘Reflections XXX: A Tribute to Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’’ the Milford Chapter of The Links Incorporated will mark the organization’s 30th Anniversary and it is with great pride that I stand today to extend my deepest thanks and appreciation to them for their invaluable contributions to the Milford community. The Milford Chapter is one of two hundred eighty two chapters of The Links Incorporated throughout the United States and in the Commonwealth of the Bahamas. Established in 1946, this nonprofit organization internationally includes 14,000 professional women of color who are committed to enriching, sustaining and ensuring the culture and economic survival of African Americans and others of African ancestry. For each of the last thirty years, the Milford Chapter has sponsored this remembrance event. In this traditional time of reevaluation and reflection, this annual event reminds us all to consider how we, whether as an individual or in a larger group, can make more of a difference in the lives of others and strengthen the bonds of friendship and sense of harmony within our communities. Yet this is only one of many ways the Milford Chapter supports and enriches our community. The five guiding ‘‘facets’’ for The Links Incorporated include Service to Youth, Health and Human Services, National Trends and Services, International Trends and Services, and The Arts. Throughout the year Milford Links members sponsor and participate in a variety of events and projects that promote these five pillars. From supporting projects to help recovery efforts in Haiti and bring irrigation systems to farmers in Africa to raising awareness on breast cancer and sponsoring scholarships and promoting literacy, Milford Links members are not only making a difference in the lives of others but also inspiring a new generation to give back to their community. Today, a monument stands—the first monument on the National Mall not dedicated to a white man, a war, or a president—a great granite sculpture of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. And in the line of sight just beyond that statue, you can make out the columns of the Lincoln Memorial. In his iconic speech on the steps of that memorial, Dr. King spoke of ‘‘the fierce urgency of now.’’ He did not just mean a moment in 1963. Over the course of its thirty year history, the Milford Chapter of The Links Incorporated has worked with ‘‘the fierce urgency of now’’ to make our community a better place to live, learn, and grow. I am honored to rise today and extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to the Milford Chapter of The Links Incorporated for all of their good work on behalf of our community. Theirs is a legacy of service and generosity that serves as an inspiration to us all. My heartfelt congratulations on their 30th Anniversary and very best wishes for continued success. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in 2010, we saw a similar dip in Boko Haram’s capability. Its founder was killed and many of its fighters wiped out. Boko Haram went into hiding and all was quiet, but that quiet did not last. Boko Haram regrouped, appointed a new leader even more radical than its founder, and came back deadlier than ever. We can’t let that happen again. Boko Haram is still capable of launching deadly asymmetric attacks throughout the Lake Chad Basin. My staff has been tracking their attacks. There is hardly a day that goes by when there is not some sort of Boko Haram attack that kills innocents. Over the past few years, relations between Nigeria and the U.S. have been strained. Joint military trainings were cancelled and the U.S. hesitated to supply weapons to Nigeria’s military citing concerns about human rights abuses. It took the United States 11 years to designate Boko Haram as a foreign terrorist organization. Finally on November 12, 2013, the night before this Subcommittee and the Africa Subcommittee held a joint hearing on why Boko Haram was not on the FTO list, State Department called to say it was designating the group. That was an important step but there are questions about the implementation of the designation. It does not seem that all the tools that a designation carries are being brought to bear on the group, especially when it comes to stopping its financing. The U.S. has started to do more to help Nigeria combat Boko Haram since the election of Nigerian President Buhari in late May of 2015. Infantry training has been restarted and we are seeing an increased level of cooperation between AFRICOM and the Nigerian military. In October, the Administration announced that it was sending troops and drones to Cameroon as well as surveillance aircraft to Niger. But like the FTO designation these are steps that should have been taken years ago, before Boko Haram was allowed to become more lethal than ISIS. Now we must do more to support our African partners to stamp out this Islamist menace once and for all. The fight against Boko Haram is essential to U.S. national security interests. In ISIS, we have already seen what happens when we underestimate a terrorist group. While Boko Haram may not have the capability to attack the United States today, neither did al Qaeda in the years prior to 9/11. We cannot wait for an attack to happen on American soil before getting serious about destroying those who want to destroy us. Now is the time, when it costs far less blood and treasure, to stamp out Boko Haram. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to draw your attention to a special event, Engineers Week, taking place from February 21st through the 27th. This honorary week is a time to recognize the hard work of all engineers and the innumerable contributions they have made, especially within my district and state. The scientific skills and specialized knowledge of the engineers in my district have fulfilled my constituents’ daily needs and resolved some of the major technological challenges of our time. Often referred to as the stealth profession, engineers have influenced nearly everything around us—even when we may not recognize it. Whether designing efficient urban environments, protecting towns from natural disasters, or making simple tasks more accessible, engineers provide the lifeblood that drives our modern societies. Engineers Week is a formal coalition of more than 70 engineering, education, and cultural societies, with more than 50 corporations and government agencies focused on raising public awareness of engineers’ positive contributions to our communities. This week also prompts parents, teachers, and students to consider the importance of a technical education and a high level of math, science and technology literacy, and motivates youth to pursue engineering careers in order to provide a diverse and vigorous engineering workforce. Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor to represent the engineers of my district and their families. I am grateful for their contributions to 
society and benefit daily from their tireless work. I invite everyone to take this week to thank our nation’s engineers for their dedication, to recognize the countless ways they have made our world safer and more efficient, and to encourage the next generation of great engineers in their future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the lifelong service and career of Mr. Vevesi Lemafa, a son of American Samoa. Vevesi, was born in Pago Pago American Samoa, and attended high school at Faga’itua High School, graduating in 1976. Following his academic career; longing to see other parts of the world, Vevesi joined United States Army in March of 1977, and attended Basic Training at Fort Knox, Kentucky. During Vevesi’s time in the military, which spanned 15 years, he served several overseas tours in Germany, and Korea before separating at the rank of Sergeant in 1991. Vevesi, and his lovely wife Matautu E. Lemafa, who also served in the U.S. Army are the parents to three wonderful children; two sons, Evile and Vesi, and their daughter Meleane, as well as their grandson Vevesi TeToa Fiapa’i Lemafa. Following his military career, Vevesi and his wife Matautu continued their service to our nation, and were both employed with the Department of the Army as civilian employees. In his civilian role, Mr. Lemafa has served as the Administrative Officer and Human Resources Specialist for Schofield Barracks in Hawaii for 22 years, which combined with his military service, gives him a total of 37 years of federal service to our nation. As a member of the Mission Support Element (MSE)—Hawaii, under the Senior Commander of the U.S. Army Pacific Command, Vevesi has served as the Administrative Officer/Civilian Human Resources Specialist with the utmost honor, professionalism, dedication and loyalty. Vevesi has assisted managers of the Mission Support Element—Hawaii through his effective programming, and vast knowledge of the many facets of the civilian human resources program. Known to always go the extra mile when performing his duties, Vevesi’s peopleoriented style earned himself the reputation of ‘‘thego toman’’ for his exceptional, customerfirst based service, and accurate analysis with a positive and ‘‘can do’’ attitude. Though Vevesi is retiring, those Mission Support Element employees who have worked with him have truly benefited through his selfless devotion to duty, and he has earned the respect and admiration of his command. Due to his truly remarkable and commendable service to our grateful nation, I want to also state my support for his nomination for the Meritorious Civilian Service Award, and wish him the very best on his retirement. God bless the United States and American Samoa. CONGRATULATING ZANE CLARK ON RECEIVING THE CITIZEN SCHOLAR AWARD FROM MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY HON. BILLY LONG 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Zane Clark, an outstanding student at Missouri State University, on his selection to receive the Citizen Scholar Award. Each year, this prestigious award is given by Missouri State University’s Board of Governors to students who have contributed to the university, furthered the university’s public affairs mission, and have been significantly engaged in extracurricular accomplishments or in important service activities in the community. Since the award was created in 2007, only fortyseven students have been recognized for their stellar achievements. Zane, from Cameron, Missouri, was one of a handful of exceptional students to receive the award this year. He is presently a senior organizational communication major with minors in general business and economics. Zane has been recognized for his social awareness and compassion, along with his undying determination to significantly improve the world around him. Mr. Speaker, Zane Clark’s accomplishments have set a great example of what a Citizen Scholar should be. This award represents a great deal of his hard work and dedication. I am proud to represent students like him and I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on this welldeserved achievement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks in honor of Mr. Madison Marye, who passed away on February 23 at the age of 90. Madison was a longtime state senator from Montgomery County, and I had the honor of serving in the Virginia General Assembly with him. Though we disagreed from time to time, he was always a gentleman and a person I liked very much. Madison loved the communities of Shawsville and Elliston where he grew up. Madison joined the United States Army, and served in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War before he retired as a major, which he said is further than he ever expected to have advanced in the military. He returned to Elliston to farm, and he opened a gas station as well. In 1973, Madison ran for and was elected to the Virginia Senate. While in Richmond, he served on various committees but was most proud of his seat on the Senate Finance Committee as well as his service on the Senate Agriculture Committee. Without a doubt, Madison, for decades, was a feisty legislator and fierce advocate for his rural constituency. Madison is survived by his wife Charlotte; his daughter, Charlotte Hawes and husband 
Michael; his son, James; four beautiful grandchildren, Madison Tyler, Jim, Julia, and Emily; and one greatgranddaughter, Romina. Madison was a great, memorable personality and a good man. He will be fondly remembered and missed by many in Shawsville and the greater New River Valley. While I note with great sadness Madison’s passing, I am confident that his legacy will live on. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and loved ones. 
GETTING THE WORDS RIGHT: OUR NATIONS COURT REPORTERS AND HOUSE CLERKS 
HONORING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF BRIDGE STREET A.M.E. CHURCH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 250th anniversary of the historic and illustrious Bridge Street African Methodist Episcopal (A.M.E.) Church. Reverend David B. Cousin, Sr. and members of the congregation will commemorate this special milestone on Sunday, February 28, 2016 at Bridge Street A.M.E. Church in the Bedford Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, New York. Bridge Street is a church with a rich history that spans two and a half centuries. From its missionary origins in 1766 to its current location at 277 Stuyvesant Avenue in Brooklyn, it continues to be an extraordinary institution deeply rooted in social justice and spiritual transformation. As a stop on the Underground Railroad and platform for speaking out against injustice on both local and national issues, Bridge Street is a voice of conscience representing the least of those in our society. The African Methodist Episcopal Church is a global religious body with over 2.5 million members, who belong to more than 6,000 congregations throughout 20 Episcopal districts across the Americas, Africa, Europe and India. In 1818, Bishop Richard Allen served as the first preacher of the A.M.E. Church, one of the oldest Protestant denominations established on American soil, at Bridge Street. The people of New York are grateful for the exemplary leadership of Reverend David B. Cousin, Sr., who was installed as the Pastor of Bridge Street A.M.E. Church in 1997. Under his guidance, and that of his predecessors, the congregation has touched the lives of countless individuals through their extensive services and wide range of active ministries, which include notable educational, civic engagement, health and wellness, music and youth mentorship programs. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratulating the Bridge Street A.M.E. Church in commemoration of its 250th anniversary. This church community has dedicated itself to serving the people of New York, and those of our country, in pursuit of a just and moral nation. 
COMMEMORATING THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SISTERS OF ST. FRANCIS OF THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION OF PEORIA, ILLINOIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Sisters of St. Francis of the Immaculate Conception on the celebration of 125 years of service by making God’s compassionate presence known throughout Central Illinois. Since 1891, the Sisters of St. Francis have dedicated their lives to serving the people of God through prayer, community activism, and striving to meet the needs of the Peoria and Springfield Diocese. By playing an active role within the Roman Catholic Church, these women have made great strides in promoting public awareness of their mission. Their ongoing efforts make a difference every day in the lives of the people in our community. Their commitment to help the lives of the poor, uneducated, and the hungry embodies the attributes of true servants of Christ. On February 2, 2016, the women of St. Francis celebrated 125 years encompassed in the spirit of charity, religion, and community. As a native of Peoria and practicing Catholic, I consider myself fortunate that our community has women devoted to spreading a ‘‘Caring, Praying Presence’’ and the love of God through compassion and service. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, Margaret Hostetler ends her decades of service to the Committee on Ways and Means. Margaret has served the Committee for many years, first starting in 1987, and will be deeply missed. Most recently, Margaret worked on the Social Security Subcommittee staff, and is the Committee’s alltime expert on budgets, trust funds, debt limits and more. Margaret’s service to the Congress and the Nation extends back even before her time with the Committee to the early 1980s when she served on the House Budget Committee staff for thenChairman Bill Roth of Delaware. She helped design the Thrift Savings Plan for federal workers, the original Gramm Rudman law and the 1986 tax reforms. Margaret is a walking encyclopedia of Committee and Congressional history, and we wish her the very best in the next phase of her life. 
A TRIBUTE ON THE 28TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SUMGAIT POGROMS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 28th anniversary of the pogrom against the Armenian residents of the town of Sumgait, Azerbaijan. On this day in 1988, and for three days following, Azerbaijani mobs assaulted and killed Armenians. When the violence finally subsided, hundreds of Armenian civilians had been brutally murdered and injured, women and young girls were raped, and victims were tortured and burned alive. Those 
that survived the carnage fled their homes and businesses, leaving behind everything they had in their desperation. The pogroms were not an accident. They were the culmination of years of vicious anti Armenian propaganda, spread by the Azerbaijani authorities. The Azerbaijani authorities made little effort to punish those responsible, instead attempting to cover up the atrocities in Sumgait to this day, as well as denying the role of senior government officials in instigating the violence. Unsurprisingly, it was not the end of the violence, and was followed by additional attacks, including the 1990 pogrom in Baku. The Sumgait massacre and the subsequent attacks on ethnic Armenians, resulted in the virtual disappearance of a once thriving population of 450,000 Armenians living in Azerbaijan, and culminating in the war launched against the people of Nagorno Karabakh. That war resulted in thousands dead on both sides and created over one million refugees in both Armenia and Azerbaijan. Time has not healed the wounds of those murdered in the pogroms in Sumgait, Kirovabad, and Baku. To the contrary, hatred of Armenians is celebrated in Azerbaijan, a situation most vividly exemplified by the case of Ramil Safarov, an Azerbaijani army captain who savagely murdered an Armenian army lieutenant, Gurgen Margaryan with an axe while he slept. The two were participating in a NATO Partnership for Peace exercise at the time in Hungary. In 2012, Safarov was sent home to Azerbaijan, purportedly to serve out the remainder of his sentence. Instead, he was pardoned, promoted, and paraded through the streets of Baku as a returning hero. The assault on ethnic Armenian civilians in Sumgait helped touch off what would become a direct conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan over Nagorno Karabakh. And today, Azerbaijan’s dangerous behavior on the Line of Contact threatens peace and stability in the region. Artillery and sniper fire across the Line of Contact has become a fact of daily life for civilians in the Nagorno Karabakh Republic, causing numerous casualties. I have urged the OSCE Minsk Group to deescalate the situation by ending a policy that equates unprovoked attacks by the Azerbaijan with the defensive responses of Karabakh and Armenian troops, and by pressuring Azerbaijan to accept the installation of technological monitoring devices along the border. The anniversary of Sumgait is a reminder of the consequences when aggression and hatred is allowed to grow unchecked. Mr. Speaker, this April we will mark the 101st Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, an event the Turkish government, Azerbaijan’s closest ally, goes to great lengths to deny. We must not let such crimes against humanity go unrecognized, whether they occurred yesterday or 28 years ago or 100 years ago. Today, let us pause to remember the victims of the atrocities of the Sumgait pogroms. Mr. Speaker, it is our moral obligation to condemn crimes of hatred and to remember the victims, in hope that history will not be repeated. TRIBUTE TO AL MANN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, America lost one of her greatest sons this week. Al Mann, physicist, entrepreneur, executive, and philanthropist, spent his more than nine decades on this earth working mostly to help others. At age seventeen, when America was embroiled in the Second World War, Al Mann volunteered for the Army Air Corps, later becoming a pioneer in guidance systems for missiles and solar power for satellites. His technological advances helped us win that war, saving countless lives throughout. Afterward, he resisted pleas to continue his extraordinary work in military hardware, following his heart and turning his mind toward the health of humanity. Al’s ingenuity, insight, and resourcefulness focused on projects to restore sight to the blind, to bring hearing to the deaf, and return mobility to the disabled. He did all this while developing a system to deliver insulin to diabetics without needles and creating pacemakers that those afflicted with heart disease would not need to replace frequently, thus sparing them great expense and disruption of their lives. It has been my honor and privilege to know Al Mann for many years. As he benefited humankind he in turn benefited from a patent system that has been the envy of the world; indeed, he warned against politicians who would tamper with it to advantage powerful business interests against individual innovators like him. Clearly, he wanted other Americans to succeed by their good works just as he had done. Because he was one of the most inspirational men I have ever known, I made a point of introducing my children to him so that they, too, might live by his example. If our country is to know more inspiring individuals like Al Mann, it is imperative that we reclaim and protect the conditions that made his exemplary creativity possible. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as my friend, Ray Laughter, prepares to retire as Vice Chancellor of External Affairs for the Lone Star College system, he is leaving big shoes for his successor to fill. How do you replace a driving force for education and economic development in our district such as Ray? Since 2002, Ray has led the Lone Star College Foundation, the Community Leadership Institute, the Small Business Development Center, as well as the college’s public information and publications, governmental relations, and regional economic development departments. He was also the driving force in the passage of bond issues that ensures the college system is meeting the needs of our growing region. Prior to becoming vice chancellor, Ray served the college system as executive director of the Center for Business and Economic Development and the director of the Small Business Development Center. If you ever wondered why Ray sets such skyhigh goals and achieves them, just remember he was once chief administrative officer for an international helicopter manufacturer. Ray’s community and civic commitments don’t stop with his work at Lone Star. He shared his invaluable experience by serving on numerous national, state and local boards, and various committees focused on economic development and educational needs. Development Councils, Partnerships, Chambers, and boards in The Woodlands and across the state and the south rely on Ray to bring together education and economic development projects in innovative and thoughtful ways. As a military officer’s son who settled in Texas, Ray graduated from the University of Houston, where he also earned his MBA. Ever since then, his days and many nights have been filled helping our community learn, grow and prosper. While his wife and kids are hoping to see more of him now, Ray has already committed to serving as chairman of the Houston Northwest Chamber of Commerce board next year. My friend Ray is a servant leader who has set a high example for others to follow. Many thousands of students and families have lifetimes of opportunities ahead because of Ray’s hard work. I can’t imagine the Lone Star College System without him, but then I know that he is always just a phone call or email away whenever our community needs him. Thank you Ray Laughter, for showing us all that the sky is the limit for a true leader. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Israel is the United States’ most important ally in the Middle East. But the President made a bad nuclear deal with Iran that brought a whole host of new security threats to Israel. H. Res. 551 is about bringing the importance of the U.S.Israel relationship back into focus. While security is the cornerstone of our relationship, many do not realize that we have very strong economic ties to Israel. Bilateral trade and investment has strengthened our partnership in the past and will continue to do so in the future. I look forward to exploring new agreements with Israel in energy, medicine, technology, and security. Fostering deeper economic dialogue will more firmly cement the bond between the U.S. and Israel. I support H. Res. 551 because it recognizes the importance of a strong U.S.Israel alliance. Together with our Israeli allies we can initiate new areas of cooperation. It’s time this Administration shows Israel how much the U.S. values our partnership. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, during Black History Month, we honor the contributions and achievements of AfricanAmericans, and recommit ourselves to achieving the day when no person is judged by anything but the content of their character. Let us stand on the shoulders of individuals like Frederick Douglass, Sojourner Truth, Dr. King, Rosa Parks, Shirley Chisholm, Louis Stokes, and our colleagues, JOHN LEWIS and JOHN CONYERS , who sacrificed so much to secure equal rights for all Americans, including generations yet unborn. However, more progress must be made. We must close the gaps in employment opportunities for AfricanAmericans, eliminate the schooltoprison pipeline, and restore the full protections of the Voting Rights Act. Today, let us resolve to continue to march toward a day when every person is guaranteed the unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, Rep. DUNCAN  HUNTER and I rise today to honor the life of Evelyn Mary LaBrake, Sycuan tribal elder and former Secretary of the Sycuan Tribe. Ms. LaBrake is survived by her nine children, her brother, as well as twentyeight grandchildren and thirtyfive great grandchildren, nieces and nephews. Ms. LaBrake was the granddaughter of Solomon Paipa, an original allottee of the Sycuan Indian Reservation. Evelyn was born on December 22, 1936 at Mercy Hospital in San Diego, to parents Louis Murphy and Martha Paipa, and grew up on the Sycuan Indian Reservation. She was recognized for being a passionate advocate for the causes of Native Americans and a defender of tribal selfdetermination and sovereignty. She was instrumental in the adoption of the tribe’s Articles of Association of 1972 and many other critical tribal government documents. As a former Secretary and Councilwoman of the Sycuan Tribe from the 1960s to the 1980s, Evelyn fought for and obtained major improvements in the tribe’s water, housing and community building needs. She was also a champion of tribal government gaming, and was a driving force in creating the Sycuan Bingo Palace in 1983, the first tribal gaming establishment in the nation. In the words of Cody Martinez, current Sycuan Tribal Chairman and grandson of Ms. LaBrake, ‘‘She was an active participant in our general membership meetings as recently as this month. All Sycuan is today, is from the hard work of her and her contemporaries.’’ Evelyn was a firm believer in hard work and did so all her life, as a Secretary and Councilwoman of her tribe, but also as a machinist at Whittaker Survival System, where she worked for 20 years. She cherished her large family and deeply enjoyed their gatherings. She took special pride in the resurgence of cultural values expressed by her family. I want to commemorate Evelyn Mary LaBrake for her lifetime of service to her community. f 
RECOGNIZING MICHAEL SANBORN AS THE METROCREST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE’S CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Michael Sanborn of Carrollton, Texas, on being named Metrocrest Chamber of Commerce’s ‘‘Citizen of the Year.’’ Michael’s leadership and dedication to the Metrocrest community in the Dallas/Fort Worth area has made a lasting impression that North Texas will not soon forget. I would like to extend my sincere thanks to Michael for his many years of selfless service to our community. Michael has earned recognition as one of the most prominent and influential leaders in North Texas’ medical community. Michael attended the University of Kansas, where he received his undergraduate and Master of Science in Pharmacy Administration. Beginning as a pharmacist, Michael was quickly promoted to System Director of Pharmacy of NCH Healthcare System and eventually Corporate Vice President of Cardiovascular Services for the entire Baylor Healthcare System. In his current position as President of Baylor Scott & White at Carrollton, Michael oversees the 235 bed acute care facility with more than 700 employees and 500 medical staff members. In addition, he is responsible for managing services at several specialty care clinics and diagnostic centers throughout Carrollton and surrounding cities. The ‘‘Citizen of the Year’’ award is presented annually by the Metrocrest Chamber of Commerce to an individual who has made a significant impact in the community. Michael has shown honesty, integrity, and leadership while serving others, which has left a wide reaching and lasting effect on many in North Texas. At Baylor Scott & White Medical Center, Michael has made local healthcare his top priority. Additionally, Michael is actively engaged and regularly works with local nonprofits and service organizations. Michael currently serves on the boards of Metrocrest Services and the Children’s Advocacy Center of Denton County, and is the former Chairman of the Metrocrest Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I recognize Michael Sanborn for receiving the Metrocrest Chamber of Commerce’s ‘‘Citizen of the Year’’ award. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing his contributions to the Metrocrest community. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 26, 2016 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Charro Days Fiesta and commend the 2015 ‘‘Mr. Amigo,’’ chosen by the Mr. Amigo Association of Brownsville, Texas, and Matamoros, Tamaulipas, in Mexico. A talented Mexican actress, singer, and dancer, Itati Cantoral has been selected as the 2015 ‘‘Mr. Amigo.’’ Her style and charisma have won the admiration of audiences across the world. Through her work as a performer, Ms. Cantoral has brought communities together for more than 20 years. She is an excellent choice to represent the spirit of friendship. First awarded in 1964, the title of ‘‘Mr. Amigo’’ is an annual tribute to an outstanding Mexican citizen who has made a lasting contribution during the previous year to international solidarity and goodwill. ‘‘Mr. Amigo’’ acts as an ambassador between the United States and Mexico and presides over the annual Charro Days Fiesta. Charro Days dates back to 1937, when the citizens of Brownsville organized the event in the midst of the Great Depression to celebrate the cultural heritage shared between Brownsville and its sister city across the Rio Grande, Matamoros. The first Charro Days celebration featured a parade with horsedrawn floats and participants dressed in traditional Mexican costumes reminiscent of charros, or Mexican cowboys. From these humble beginnings, Charro Days has evolved into a multiday event, which includes dances, fiestas, a children’s parade, and the Grand International Parade. Thousands of participants from both sides of the border celebrate these traditions each year. The 78th annual Charro Days celebration commenced on February 22nd, with a grito, or celebratory yell. And just yesterday, the Mayor of Brownsville and the Mayor of Matamoros met at the Gateway International Bridge to extend their hands across the border, symbolizing the friendship between the two cities. Mr. Speaker, thank you for the opportunity to honor the Charro Days Fiesta and for joining me in recognizing the importance of this annual celebration, which continues to strengthen the relationship between Brownsville and Matamoros, and the bonds between the United States and Mexico. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, February 29, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 public bills, H.R. 4633–4647; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 120, were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. SHARE Act: The House passed H.R. 2406, to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 161 noes, Roll No. 101. Consideration began yesterday, February 25th.
Rejected the Lawrence motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yeaandnay vote of 165 yeas to 238 nays, Roll No. 100. 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule.
Agreed to: Wittman amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that deletes Title XII which has been enacted into law already, removes outdated year references in short titles, makes expenditures under the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act subject to appropriation, and adds the text of H.R. 3279, as passed by the House, as a new title XVII; 
                                                                                      Pages H962–63 Costa amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–429), as modified, that adds the Administrator of U.S. Small Business Administration or a designated representative to the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council Advisory Committee’s membership;
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that adds a specification that closures of hunter access corridors shall be clearly marked with signs and dates of closures, but shall not include barriers on the corridor;
Meng amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that permits more than one U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Law Enforcement Officer to be placed in a U.S. diplomatic or consular post in an African country with a significant population of African elephants in order to assist local wildlife rangers in the protection of such elephants;
Huffman amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that requires GAO to conduct a study examining the effect of a ban of the trade of fossilized ivory from mammoths and mastodons on the illegal importation and trade of African and Asian elephant ivory within the United States;
Newhouse amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that requires the Chief of the U.S. Forest Service to publish a notice in the Federal Register, with a justification, for the closure of any public road on Forest System lands;
Fleming amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that requires the Forest Administrator to amend the travel plan for the Kisatchie National Forest in Louisiana to allow Utility Terrain Vehicle (UTV) access on roads nominated by the Secretary of 
Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries, except when such designation would pose an unacceptable safety risk; if a road is denied, the Forest Administrator must publish a notice in the Federal Register with a justification for the closure;
Hardy amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that adds the text of H.R. 373, the Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act, to the end of the bill; expedites access to federal lands for volunteer search and rescue groups to assist in recovering the remains of a deceased individual believed to be located on federal lands;
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that prohibits USDA and NFS from issuing restrictions and regulations on hunting and recreational fishing in the Mark Twain National Forest (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 95);
Griffith amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that allows a person who is not prohibited from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm or ammunition to transport a firearm or ammunition for any lawful purpose from any place where the person may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the firearm or ammunition to any other such place if, during the transportation, the firearm is unloaded (by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 165 noes, Roll No. 96);
Ribble amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that reissues the 2011 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service decision to delist the gray wolf in the Western Great Lakes and Wyoming from the Endangered Species Act (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 171 noes, Roll No. 97); and 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that prohibits the Fish and Wildlife Service from issuing a final rule that preempts state management authority which is protected by law in Alaska; withdraws a final rule issued by the National Park Service of the same issue (by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 169 noes, Roll No. 98). 
Rejected: Beyer amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that sought to prohibit an individual who is prohibited from possessing a firearm by the Gun Control Act from using a public target range (by a recorded vote of 161 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 92); 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that sought to strike Title III, exemption to import polar bear trophies taken in sport (by a recorded vote of 159 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 93);
                                                  Pages H965–68, H984–85 Beyer amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that sought to strike language that requires state approval of federal fishing regulations in waters under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service and the Office of National Marine Sanctuaries (by a recorded vote of 169 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 94); and
Huffman amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that sought to designate the Coastal Plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge as wilderness and a part of the National Wilderness Preservation System (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 99).
Withdrawn: Lowenthal amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 114–429) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have authorized the Department of Interior, after public comment and if approved unanimously by the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission, to raise the price of the Migratory Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamp (‘‘Duck Stamp’’) by the rate of inflation, in order to preserve waterfowl habitat.
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make technical and conforming changes to reflect the actions of the House.
H. Res. 619, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2406) was agreed to yesterday, February 25th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, February 29th for Morning Hour debate.
Quorum Calls—Votes:One yeaandnay vote and nine recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H984, H984–85, H985–86, H986, H986–87, H987, H988, H988–89, H990, and H990–91. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:51 p.m. 
APPROPRIATIONS—USDA NATURAL RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on USDA Natural Resources and Environment. Testimony was heard from Jason Weller, Chief, Natural Resources Conservation Service; and Michael Young, Budget Officer, Department of Agriculture. 
APPROPRIATIONS—ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development held a budget hearing on Army Corps of Engineers. Testimony was heard from JoEllen Darcy, Assistant Secretary, Army for Civil Works, Army Corps of Engineers; and Lieutenant General Thomas P. Bostick, Chief of Engineers, Army Corps of Engineers. QUALITY OF LIFE IN THE MILITARY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held an oversight hearing on quality of life in the military. Testimony was heard from Command Sergeant Major Daniel A. Dailey, Sergeant Major, U.S. Army; Master Chief Petty Officer Michael D. Stevens, Master Chief Petty Officer, U.S. Navy; Sergeant Major Ronald L. Green, Sergeant Major, U.S. Marine Corps; and Chief Master Sergeant James A. Cody, Sergeant, U.S. Air Force. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 2017 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BUDGET REQUEST AND READINESS POSTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readiness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Army 2017 Operation and Maintenance Budget Request and Readiness Posture’’. Testimony was heard from General Daniel B. Allyn, USA, Vice Chief of Staff, U.S. Army; Lieutenant General Joseph Anderson, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Plans (G3/5/7), U.S. Army; and Lieutenant General Gustave F. Perna, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–4, U.S. Army. ENSURING MEDICAL READINESS IN THE FUTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Military Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Medical Readiness in the Future’’. Testimony was heard from Major General Joseph Caravalho, USA, Joint Staff Surgeon General, Department of Defense; Rear Admiral Terry J. Moulton, Deputy Surgeon General, U.S. Navy; Major General Dorothy Hogg, Deputy Surgeon General, U.S. Air Force; Brigadier General Robert Tenhet, Deputy Surgeon General, U.S. Army; Colonel Linda Lawrence, M.D., U.S. Air Force; Lieutenant Colonel JeanClaude G. D’Alleyrand, M.D., U.S. Army; and Lieutenant Colonel Robert L. Mabry, M.D., U.S. Army. DISRUPTER SERIES: 3D PRINTING Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: 3D Printing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. FOOD FOR THOUGHT: EFFORTS TO DEFEND THE NATION’S AGRICULTURE AND FOOD Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a hearing entitled ‘‘Food for Thought: Efforts to Defend the Nation’s Agriculture and Food’’. Testimony was heard from R. Douglas Meckes, D.V.M., State Veterinarian, North Carolina Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, Veterinary Division; and public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF FEDERAL VEHICLES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Federal Vehicles’’. Testimony was heard from Lori Rectanus, Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office; and Bill Toth, Director, Offices of Fleet Management, General Services Administration; and public witnesses. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, budget hearing on General Services Administration, 3 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, February 29 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 524, Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, February 29 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E239 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E243 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E235 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E241, E242 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E232, E238 Capps, Lois, Calif., E233 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E236 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E236 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E237 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E232, E234, E235, E237, E239 Farr, Sam, Calif., E231 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E240 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E237 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E233 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E241 Keating, William R., Mass., E233, E238 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E241 Lewis, John, Ga., E240 Long, Billy, Mo., E233, E240 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E243 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E232, E234, E236 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E231 Poe, Ted, Tex., E238, E239, E241, E242 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American Samoa, E240 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E231, E238 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E242 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E241 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E231 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E235 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E235 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E243 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E243 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E238 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E237 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E236 