Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give some thanks to some of my fellow Members of Congress for coming to my hometown of Flint, Michigan, yesterday. Specifically, I want to thank Democratic Whip STENY  HOYER , Congressman E LIJAH CUMMINGS , Congresswoman BRENDA LAWRENCE , Congresswoman DEBBIE DINGELL , and my friend and classmate Congressman SCOTT PETERS , who spent the day with me yesterday in Flint. I want to thank them for having the back of the people of my hometown who are suffering right now with a water crisis that makes their water, the water for 100,000 people, not just undrinkable, but very dangerous. I also want to thank my Michigan colleagues Congressman SANDER LEVIN and Congressman JOHN CONYERS for their many visits to Flint. The people in Flint are victims of a form of neglect that is almost unimaginable: neglect by their own government, by the State of Michigan, which was operating the city of Flint and failed to protect those citizens by ensuring clean and safe drinking water. 
This is a crisis that demands a response equal to the gravity of this crisis. It demands a Federal response. It clearly demands a response from the State of Michigan far greater than what it has been given. 
IN MEMORY OF LEROY ‘‘SLICK’’ SEAL (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dedicated public servant of Louisiana, Mr. Leroy ‘‘Slick’’ Seal, who passed away recently. He was 95 years old. Mr. Seal was born on September 2, 1920, in Varnado, Louisiana, where he was a lifelong resident and law enforcement officer. Leroy began his career in 1950 when thenGovernor Earl K. Long appointed him to serve as the first marshal in Varnado. When he left that post in 1954, he went on to work for the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries until 1979. During that time, Leroy was selected by his peers as top woodsman and earned the position of major. Mr. Seal moved from the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to serve as chief deputy of the Washington Parish Sheriff’s office from 1981 to 1991. He was elected chief of police in his hometown of Varnado in 1992, where he served until 2008, though he continued to serve Varnado as a police officer until 2012. Mr. Seal committed 60 years of his life to protecting the people of Louisiana. While in the line of duty as a law enforcement official, he was inducted into the Louisiana Justice Hall of Fame in 2010. In 2013, he was duly recognized by the Louisiana State Legislature where they declared September 2 Leroy ‘‘Slick’’ Seal Day. Mr. Seal is survived by his children, Eathel Seal, Stanley Seal, and Randy Seal, as well as his 15 grandchildren and numerous greatgrandchildren, nieces, and nephews. I commend Mr. Seal for all the work he has done for Louisiana. May he rest in peace. 
TRIBUTE TO BUNNY STEINMAN (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, when you run for public office, you get to meet amazing people passionate about politics at every level. But the best ones, the ones who inspire you, are the ones who remind you why you got involved in the first place: to help others. Today I rise in memory of one of the best. Bunny Steinman passed away on January 20, but her impact on the Florida Democratic Party and our community will surely last for decades. Bunny was a born trailblazer. Long before retiring to south Florida, she graduated from Syracuse. She earned a master’s at Queens College. She worked in public education for over three decades, all while raising three kids with her late husband, Joseph. As her family mourns the loss of a mother and a grandmother, our community mourns the loss of a friend, a leader, and a mentor. Indeed, Bunny was so many things to so many people all at once. She was a teacher who never stopped teaching, an activist who never stopped organizing, a Democrat who never stopped believing that America is strongest when the right to vote is protected, when equal rights are respected, and when every child has the chance to thrive. Bunny Steinman, it was an honor to know you, to work with you, to represent you, and, most of all, to be your friend. We will honor your memory by carrying forward your passion for progress and the betterment of all. You will continue to inspire us for years to come. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1602 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 4 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2109) to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to develop an integrated plan to reduce administrative costs under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2109 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Directing Dollars to Disaster Relief Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 2109. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In the last 12 years, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, has provided almost $100 billion in disaster relief and disaster assistance. However, a significant and increasing amount of these funds have gone to cover FEMA’s administrative costs that support the delivery of disaster assistance. The Government Accountability Office, or GAO, has been looking into this for some time and found that, between fiscal year 1989 and fiscal year 2011, the percentage of disaster assistance spent on administrative costs doubled from 9 to 18 percent. While FEMA has tried to implement internal controls to keep these costs to a minimum, GAO has found that FEMA’s administrative costs have not decreased. In fact, GAO estimates that internal controls could save hundreds of millions of dollars in administrative costs. S. 2109, the Directing Dollars to Disaster Relief Act of 2015, seeks to control and reduce rising administrative costs from major disasters by requiring the administrator of FEMA to develop and implement a plan to control and reduce its internal administrative costs. I would like to commend and thank the chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs for introducing this important oversight measure, which will save taxpayer dollars. I would also like to thank the Senate chairman for working with us to ensure that the legislation includes a sunset provision and is consistent with our House protocols. As disasters become more frequent and severe, it will become critical to keep administrative costs in FEMA to a minimum, increase efficiencies, and ensure that resources are directed toward disaster victims and the restoration of infrastructure. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2109, the Directing Dollars to Disaster Relief Act of 2015, requires the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, to develop a plan to control and reduce its disasterrelated administrative costs and other activities. The GAO has noted that FEMA’s costs incurred in administering disasterrelated activities have increased substantially. FEMA has acknowledged the increase and has struggled to address this issue. Most recently, in 2014, the GAO recommended that FEMA develop an integrated plan to control and reduce disasterrelated administrative costs. GAO also recommended that FEMA assess the feasibility of tracking administrative costs by disaster program, such as public assistance and individual assistance. Finally, GAO recommended that FEMA clarify its guidance and minimum documentation requirements for State and local governments with respect to their direct administrative costs. This bill, Mr. Speaker, will codify these recommendations and statutorily require FEMA to take these actions. I appreciate the improvements this bill will make toward reducing overall disaster costs and losses, but this is not enough. We must do more to reduce these costs and losses, Mr. Speaker. There is no better way than to invest in predisaster mitigation. I introduced H.R. 830 to reauthorize the predisaster hazard mitigation program. We consistently talk about the potential to reduce disaster costs and save taxpayers money through predisaster mitigation. In fact, our subcommittee has noted the reports by the Congressional Budget Office and the National Institute of Building Sciences Multihazard Mitigation Council, which found that predisaster mitigation saves $3 to $4 for every dollar spent on mitigation activities. But there is more. Predisaster mitigation activities save lives and reduce injuries. It is time to stop talking and do more. Let us, Mr. Speaker, reauthorize the predisaster mitigation program at levels sufficient to significantly reduce disaster costs and save lives. Our citizens deserve this. I look forward to working with my good colleagues on the other side of the aisle to make sure that these strides will come to fruition. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2109. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3584) to authorize, streamline, and identify efficiencies within the Transportation Security Administration, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3584 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Administrator shall, on a periodic basis, brief the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the status of efforts to enhance initial and recurrent training of Transportation Security Officers. TITLE II—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AND OTHER MATTERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3584, the Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act. This critical bipartisan piece of legislation ensures several congressional oversight priorities for the Transportation Security Administration are addressed, including the authorization of the PreCheck program, the advancement of riskbased security initiatives, the enhancement of aviation worker vetting, and the improvement of airport screening technologies. H.R. 3584 also takes numerous steps toward augmenting the effectiveness and efficiency of various TSA security programs within both the surface and aviation transportation sectors, and it requires the administrator to conduct an efficiency review of the entire agency. 
Since assuming the chairmanship of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security at the beginning of this Congress, I have worked tirelessly with my colleagues to conduct rigorous oversight of this troubled agency. This bill is a direct result of our bipartisan efforts, and I am pleased to stand before you and have the House consider this important legislation. If signed into law, this legislation will make a direct impact on the safety and security of the traveling public and America’s transportation systems. In an era of pronounced and evolving threats to the homeland, Congress must not wait to act in the best interests of transportation security. Further, the often misdirected nature of the TSA requires that we, as legislators and overseers, fulfill our obligation to reform this fledgling agency into an intelligencedriven organization. When I came to Congress, I pledged to my constituents that I would work hard to deliver results. I am proud of all the work the Committee on Homeland Security has done over the past year. I am honored to have the privilege to sponsor so many pieces of legislation that are helping to keep our country safe. I would like to thank Ranking Member RICEand Ranking Member T HOMP SONfor their time and attention to this important piece of legislation. I would also like to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the full committee, for his continued support of the subcommittee’s oversight efforts and for ensuring important pieces of legislation, such as H.R. 3584, are considered on the House floor. The Committee on Homeland Security’s legislative results under the leadership of Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member THOMPSON are proof that, by working together in a bipartisan fashion, not only can we improve the security of our country, but we can demonstrate to the American people that Congress can actually work together and deliver results. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 3584, the Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that H.R. 3584 includes language authored by Ranking Member BENNIE THOMPSON to direct TSA to move away from how it identifies lowrisk passengers for expedited airport screening. In recent years, both the Department of Homeland Security’s inspector general and the comptroller general have been very critical about the security risks of the socalled managed inclusion process. In response, Ranking Member THOMPSON introduced the Securing Expedited Screening Act, which was included in this measure. We all have an interest in TSA effectively managing airport screening. Ensuring that a robust knowntraveler program for lowrisk travelers is built into TSA’s concept of screening operations just makes sense. That is why I support the expansion of the PreCheck program, under which expedited screening is provided to travelers who have been fully vetted prior to arriving at the airport. I am pleased that H.R. 3584 includes provisions to expand the public’s enrollment in the PreCheck program by, among other things, coordinating with the private sector to deploy TSAapproved online and mobile enrollment centers. Another key to the effective management of airport screening is the maintenance of the security equipment. I am pleased that H.R. 3584 includes language authored by Representative RICE, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, to ensure that TSA puts in place systems to ensure that when it comes to securityrelated technologies at our Nation’s airports, timely maintenance is done and documented. According to the DHS inspector general, without proper maintenance and documentation thereof, the TSA could possibly have to resort to using alternate screening methods, which could lead to the traveling public being less safe. H.R. 3584 also includes language adopted in the full committee to help businesses, particularly small businesses, to be able to create innovative security technologies through public private partnerships. b1615 Over the years, we have seen the limitations of various security technologies in use at our airports. It is crucial that innovators continue to push the envelope in terms of detection and mitigation capabilities. Finally, as the Representative of a jurisdiction that relies heavily on mass transit, I am pleased that the bill seeks to ensure that frontline workers in our transportation sectors have the training needed to react in worstcase scenarios. The thwarted terrorist attack on a train traveling from Amsterdam to Paris last year underscores that mass transit continues to be a terrorist target. Mr. Speaker, these are only a few of the examples of provisions within this bill that will help to improve TSA operations and bolster the security of the American people. I urge support for this measure. I want to close by noting the bipartisan work that went into this legislation. There is still much to be done in the transportation security space, but the legislation before us represents a step in the right direction to address issues within the surface and aviation transportation sectors. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the issues addressed in H.R. 3584 are of vital concern to the safety of our Nation’s security, and it is imperative that we send this bill to the Senate today. Congress cannot afford to wait to address critical issues that help advance and improve our security. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R. 3584, the Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act, which would authorize, streamline, and identify efficiencies within the Transportation Security Administration. As a Senior Member of the Homeland Security Committee, I served as chair of this subcommittee and continue to support its work to improve transportation security. I currently serve as the Ranking Member on the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations. The work of the TSA is a front line Department of Homeland Security and it is not easy—it can in fact be very dangerous. Like many of my Colleagues, I recall the shooting incident at LAX last year that killed Gerardo Hernandez, who became the first TSA officer killed in the line of duty; and the machete attack at the Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport earlier this year that resulted in injuries to Senior Transportation Security Officer Carol Richel. Each day, TSA processes an average of 1.7 million passengers at more than 450 airports across the nation. In 2012, TSA screened 637,582,122 passengers. The Bush Intercontinental and the William P. Hobby Airports are essential hubs for domestic and international air travel for Houston and the region: Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through William P. Hobby (HOU). More than 650 daily departures occur at IAH. IAH is the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for total passenger traffic. IAH has 12 allcargo airlines handling more than 419,205 metric tons of cargo in 2012. I believe that Congress has not done all that it could to make employees’ work easier—Sequestration, a government shutdown, and a delay in fully funding the Department of Homeland Security was not in the security interest of the nation. Reports issued by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General (OIG) have identified shortcomings within the Agency, raising questions how effectively TSA is fulfilling its mission. Allegations about mismanagement, wasteful procedures, retaliation against whistleblowers, low morale, and security gaps within the Agency are causes for concern. Other issues related to inconsistent requirements between what is written and what employees are told is essential for them to successfully meet the agency’s standards for good performance needs work. 
The need for attention to TSA administrative procedures and due process within the agency to backstop decisions regarding reprimands or negative actions toward employees can be an essential step in addressing some morale issues that are related to uncertainty regarding the successful performance of duties. In other words, the same conduct by persons holding the same level of responsibility or positions within an airport results in the same positive or negative outcome. TSA is charged with: The protection of America’s transportation systems; monitoring the movement of people and supplies during their use of our transportation systems; and ensuring the effectiveness and integrity of government agencies. H.R. 3584, directs the TSA to: ensure that all screening of passengers and their accessible property will be done in a riskbased, intelligencedriven manner with consideration given to the privacy and civil liberties of such passengers; and operate the ‘‘TSA PreCheck’’ program in a manner that provides expedited screening for lowrisk passengers and their accessible property based on a comprehensive and continuous analysis of factors. More needs to be done to support the men and women working on the front lines of our nation’s domestic security and that includes those who work at the TSA. I will continue to seek out opportunities to promote the mission of the TSA and role that TSA professionals fill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3584, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL STRATEGY TO COMBAT TERRORIST TRAVEL ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4408) to require the development of a national strategy to combat terrorist travel, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4408 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as a former Federal prosecutor, I have spent much of my life focusing on keeping Americans safe; but when I assumed office, I was taken aback by the lack of a coherent strategy to stop terrorists from infiltrating our country and to keep Americans from being lured to fight with jihadists overseas. That is why I gladly accepted the opportunity to lead the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel. I worked closely with my colleagues to identify our Nation’s top vulnerabilities and to close them quickly. Last September, we issued the Task Force’s final report, marking the most 
extensive public review since the 9/11 Commission of U.S. efforts to fight foreign terrorist travel. We made 32 key findings and more than 50 recommendations in that report for enhancing our security. I am proud to say that, as of today, we have acted on almost half of those already, including with several of the bills we are considering today. H.R. 4408 would implement one of our top recommendations. It would require the President to send to Congress a National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel and an actionable plan to implement it. It has been nearly 10 years since the White House produced such a strategy, and since then, the threat has changed dramatically. Terror has gone viral, and violent extremists are recruiting at the speed of a retweet. The consequences for U.S. and international security have been enormous. We have seen terrorist groups balloon into terrorist microstates capable of fielding their own armies. In fact, today in Syria and Iraq, we are witnessing the largest convergence of Islamist terrorists in history. Reports indicate nearly 40,000 individuals from more than 120 countries have traveled there to join jihadist groups, including thousands from Western countries, like the United States. Many of these individuals have easy access to our country and could potentially return undetected to launch attacks, just as we saw happen in Paris. Yet, many of the counterterrorism programs we created after 9/11 are not suited for this new era and have not kept pace with the evolving threat. What is worse, there is no regular process in place in the executive branch for reviewing all of our defenses against terrorist travel to find security gaps and develop a plan to close them. Agencies are operating without clear, strategic guidance, and programs to counter terrorist travel are often not fully coordinated across the government spectrum. The result is that not only are we at greater risk that terrorists will slip through the cracks, but we also are at greater risk of government waste, overlap, and duplication. This bill would force the administration to assess all of the efforts in place to stop terrorists from crossing borders, streamline them, identify security gaps, and prioritize taxpayer dollars where they are needed most. It would also, for the first time ever, require the White House to produce a plan for intercepting foreign fighters. After 9/11, we spent a lot of time focused on keeping terrorists from getting into our country, but we did not spend enough time focused on stopping terrorists from recruiting our citizens to leave it and become overseas operatives. Once they travel to terrorist safe havens, these individuals become a triple threat. They strengthen jihadist groups on the ground, incite followers back home to conduct attacks, and can return battlehardened and prepared to carry out their own acts of violence on their homeland. Make no mistake: we are at war. ISIS has already been linked to nearly 75 plots against the West, including more than 20 against the U.S. homeland. Our adversaries are clearly dead set on attacking this country. We need to show the American people that we are dead set on defending it. I am proud of the bipartisan work of the task force and grateful for the close collaboration of Mr. KEATING , Mr. PAYNE , and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California on the Democratic side. I would like to especially thank Mr. VELAfor his continued support and significant contributions. I am, of course, indebted to my Republican colleagues on the task force for their hard work as well. I also want to thank my personal office assistant Tim Wang and committee staff Tyler Lowe and Katy Flynn for their excellent work on this as well. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4408, the National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016. H.R. 4408 requires the development of a national strategy to combat terrorist travel by bolstering efforts to intercept terrorists and foreign fighters, while also constraining their domestic and international travel. I applaud the work of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel. One of the many findings of the task force’s final report was that it has been a decade since the executive branch produced a governmentwide plan to constrain terrorist travel. In the years since the issuance of the last governmentwide plan in 2006, many programs aimed at restricting or preventing terrorist travel have changed or ended and new programs have been created. The task force found that hundreds of programs, projects, and initiatives have sprouted up to combat terrorist travel since 9/11, but there is no overarching strategy to coordinate them. Importantly, H.R. 4408 requires that the strategy include an updated, full accounting and description of America’s terror travel preventative and protective measures. This accounting should provide a valuable baseline for future efforts to prevent terrorist travel. H.R. 4408 requires the President to submit to Congress a national strategy focused on disrupting and intercepting terrorists and foreign fighters. The strategy is to include an accounting of all U.S. Government programs to constrain terrorist travel, identify gaps and how they will be closed, and describe actions to eliminate waste, overlap, and duplication of efforts. The evolving nature of the terrorist threat demands a wholeofgovernment approach. A national strategy with implementation plans for each Federal agency involved, as H.R. 4408 requires, has the potential to deliver real security advances. As such, I support H.R. 4408, and I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill, H.R. 4408. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4408, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on that, I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DHS ACQUISITION DOCUMENTATION INTEGRITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4398) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for requirements relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4398 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Acquisition Documentation Integrity Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4398, the Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Documentation Integrity Act. This legislation requires the Department of Homeland Security to improve management of its major purchases of systems to secure the border, better screen travelers, protect our shores, and other vital missions. Too often DHS has failed to document what these programs will cost, when they will be complete, and what they will deliver. It is unacceptable to spend billions of taxpayer dollars and not document this important information. H.R. 4398 will help our committee and congressional watchdogs hold the Department accountable, and ensure taxpayers dollars are being spent in an efficient and effective manner. This bill uses language similar to H.R. 3572, the DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act, which also includes language that would comprehensively reform DHS’ acquisition process. H.R. 3572 passed the House unanimously in October of last year, but has yet to be acted upon in the Senate. This important, bipartisan legislation will improve the oversight and management of billions of taxpayer dollars. It would empower DHS leaders to hold programs accountable, increase transparency for Congress, and require DHS to articulate a roadmap for how it spends billion of dollars to secure America. Safeguarding Americans’ hardearned taxpayer dollars is why our constituents sent us to Washington. I urge the Senate to act swiftly on these bills to improve the management of the Department of Homeland Security. I commend Ranking Member WATSON  COLEMAN for her leadership on this issue, and I ask all Members to join me in support of this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4398, the DHS Acquisition Documentation Integrity Act of 2016. I introduced this legislation to ensure that, when it comes to managing acquisitions, the Department of Homeland Security gets the fundamentals right. H.R. 4398 would require ‘‘complete, accurate, timely, and valid’’ documentation to be maintained for each of the Department’s major acquisition programs. A major acquisition program is defined as one with a lifecycle cost estimated at $300 million or more. Later this week, the subcommittee on which I serve as ranking member will be conducting an oversight hearing about an acquisition that is, to my mind, a textbook case of why my legislation is so critical. After more than 12 years of effort at delivering a Departmentwide human resource IT system and the expenditure of hundreds of millions of dollars, DHS has virtually nothing to show for it. b1630 That acquisition, the Human Resource Information Technology program, or HRIT, lacked basic acquisition documentation, including a valid cost estimate and schedule. Under H.R. 4398, DHS would have to maintain current cost estimates and schedules for major acquisition programs. These sources of critical information for acquisition decisionmakers would have to conform to best practices, as identified by the Government Accountability Office. Additionally, each component head within DHS would be obligated to submit acquisition documentation to the Secretary for the production of an annual comprehensive report to Congress on the status of the acquisition. Under H.R. 4398, the Secretary could only waive these requirements in very limited circumstances. Mr. Speaker, for the reasons I have outlined here, I urge support for H.R. 4398. Mr. Speaker, anything less than an uptodate acquisition documentation increases the odds of cost and schedule overruns. It also risks delayed delivery of critical capabilities and wastefully depletes resources that could be put to better use to protect the homeland. The Homeland Security Committee favorably reported H.R. 4398 on February 2 by a unanimous vote, and I thank my colleague for being a part of that. The fact that this legislation is cosponsored by Representatives MCCAUL and THOMPSON , the chairman and ranking member of our committee, reflects a strong commitment to bolstering the effectiveness of DHS acquisition programs. I urge passage of H.R. 4398, a bill that will help ensure that DHS is a good steward of taxpayer dollars and can provide DHS operators in the field with the tools they need to protect the American people. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4398. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4398, ‘‘DHS Acquisition Documentation Integrity Act of 2016.’’ I support this bill because it requires the DHS to produce cost estimates and schedules for all major acquisition programs and to maintain complete and accurate documentation of these projects. Specifically, for all programs expected to cost $300 million or more over its lifecycle, the department must maintain complete, accurate, timely and valid acquisition documentation. This bill will set a standard for all programs under DHS to follow and will save programs money and time. Government Accountability Office (GAO) reviewed 22 major programs in DHS and out of 22 major programs: 1. GAO was unable to access six programs (including four in Customs and Border Protection). 2. The remaining 14 programs experienced schedule slips and cost growths. On average, these program milestones slipped more than three and a half year, and their lifecycle cost estimates increased by $9.7 billion, or 18 percent. 
As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, I believe this act will maintain a standard across the board for programs to follow the Government Accountability Office’s (GAO’s) best practices. The Department of Homeland Security is constantly changing to fit the needs of our everchanging world and there is a need of transparency between the DHS and GAO. This bill further requires that cost estimates and schedules for major acquisition programs be consistent with best practices as identified by GAO. Finally this bill limits the Secretary’s authority to waive acquisition documentation requirements for a report to Congress on the status of major acquisition programs. This sets forth narrow conditions where waivers could be granted for a fiscal year, and requiring the Secretary to report annually to the Congressional homelandsecurity committees on each use of waiver authority during the preceding fiscal year. This bill creates an accountability model for the DHS which creates transparency between GAO and DHS and saves programs time and money, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4398. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FOREIGN FIGHTER REVIEW ACT OF 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4402) to require a review of information regarding persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist organizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4402 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there have been over 250 cases of Americans attempting to travel to Syria and Iraq in order to support terrorist groups since 2011. Overall, 85 percent of Westerners attempting to join groups like ISIS are succeeding without being apprehended by law enforcement officials. The ability to make it to a war zone has grave consequences. Those who have been radicalized gain firsthand knowledge and training, making them an even greater threat. There is a clear breakdown in our ability to identify and then prevent these individuals from leaving the country in the first place. That is why I introduced the Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016. The bill requires the Department of Homeland Security to study and identify all known foreign fighter travel in an effort to highlight the specific challenges and impediments that law enforcement faces in its attempts to stop individuals from joining terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria. DHS should already be collecting this kind of data and conducting this type of analysis. The findings from this type of study are crucial to informing Congress on additional steps we can take to improve the security of our Nation. This was a key finding in the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, of which I was a member. It is imperative that we get the right information to the right people at the right time to catch those who have been radicalized before they leave the country, not after they have gained combat experience and returned to the homeland. The Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016 is the first step towards getting our law enforcement agencies the tools that they need to do just that. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4402, the Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4402 requires the President, through the Department of Homeland Security, to review information regarding persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to Syria and Iraq since 2011 to support terrorist organizations. This legislation reflects a recommendation issued by the Committee on Homeland Security’s Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel in its final report. The report found that a large number of U.S. persons have been able to travel to dangerous terrorist safe havens in Iraq and Syria and return to the United States without interdiction. I believe there is a lot to be learned from the instances where we failed to interdict persons who traveled to terrorist safe havens. These ‘‘lessons learned’’ could reveal systematic weaknesses in our security programs and highlight areas for enhancements. While many Federal agencies have completed individual reviews of cases within their purview, a coordinated and comprehensive interagency after action review has never been undertaken. H.R. 4402 would require just such a review. 
H.R. 4402 has the potential to strengthen coordination across the Federal Government to help prevent U.S. persons from exploiting vulnerabilities in our security apparatus to travel under the radar to terrorist camps and safe havens in the future. As such, Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4402. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). Mr. KATKO. I thank the distinguished gentleman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, after having spent much of the last year heading a bipartisan task force with the author of this bill, Mr. HURD, it became clear that we are not winning the fight to keep Americans from being recruited by terrorist groups. The majority of our citizens who have tried to go to join ISIS have succeeded in doing so. They were not stopped by law enforcement. And while authorities have worked hard and have disrupted serious plots, we have got to do more to shut down the foreign fighter pipeline. On the House Homeland Security Committee, we are constantly briefed about the new threat streams, the soaring number of terror investigations here at home, and the Americans being lured to fight in places like Syria alongside ISIS. We cannot simply listen to this information and sit on our hands. We need to act. I commend my colleague for this bill and for implementing one of our important task force recommendations. We need to conduct a toptobottom review of instances where Americans were recruited to fight with jihadist groups abroad, and we need to figure out where we could have done more to stop it. This is why I rise in strong support of H.R. 4402, the Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016. This legislation will ensure that our government takes a hard look at how to better deter, detect, and disrupt terrorist travel, especially when it involves our own citizens. But this will not be some review that is ordered and then forgotten. The administration is required to return to Congress with the ‘‘lessons learned’’ from these recent cases so that we can fix the problem, rather than allow it to persist. My colleague has a wealth of knowledge that proved to be invaluable during the past year on the task force when we focused on these issues. I would like to conclude by thanking Mr. HURDfor his steadfast leadership, especially on national security issues. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I again urge passage of H.R. 4402, a bill that seeks to improve the Federal Government’s understanding of the circumstances surrounding travel or attempted travel from the U.S. to terrorist safe havens in Syria and Iraq. Under this measure, the review is to be submitted to Congress within 120 days of enactment. The findings of that review have the potential to inform policymakers as we work to strengthen our ability to prevent travel to terrorist sanctuaries and terrorism at large. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4402. I would like to thank both the gentleman from New York for his leadership on the task force and my colleague from New Jersey for her work on the Homeland Security Committee. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4402 the ‘‘Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016,’’ which requires the president, acting through the Homeland Security Secretary, to initiate a review of known instances since 2011 in which a person has traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization. As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and Investigations, I take seriously threats to the security of the homeland and our responsibility to put in place adequate measures to defeat them. That is why in the first session of this Congress I introduced H.R. 48 ‘‘No Fly for Foreign Fighters Act,’’ which reviews the completeness of the Terrorist Screening Database and the terrorist watch list utilized by the Transportation Security Administration. I support H.R. 4402 because it would evaluate any flaws in existing programs or procedures that aim to prevent such travel and identify ways to improve their effectiveness. Since 2011, more than 30,000 foreign fighters from over 100 different countries have traveled to Syria and Iraq to fight for ISIL. In the last 18 months, the number of foreign fighters traveling to Syria and Iraq has more than doubled. In the first six months of 2015, more than 7,000 foreign fighters have arrived in Syria and Iraq. According to a report issued last year by the Committee on Homeland Security’s Foreign Fighter Task Force, U.S. officials apprehended less than 20 percent (28/250) of Americans who sought to travel to the region. The report also found that while information sharing had improved, there is currently no comprehensive global database of foreign fighters. It is estimated that at 250 persons who have traveled to Syria or Iraq to join ISIS hold American citizenship. Since these persons who identify with the terrorist aims of ISIS can leave and enter the United States, it is critically important that American customs and security officials have the most accurate and effective terrorist screening tools available. H.R. 4402 helps address this problem by identifying areas for improvement to prevent additional travel by ‘‘Foreign Fighters’’ to conflict zones in areas such as Iraq, Syria, or other terrorist safe havens abroad, to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization. Specifically, H.R. 4402 directs the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to conduct a review and report to the Congress on the following: 1. Relevant unclassified and classified information held by the U.S. government related to each instance: 2. The factors including operational issues, security vulnerabilities and systemic challenges that may have undermined efforts to prevent the travel of such persons to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria, including the timely identification of suspects, information sharing, intervention and interdiction. 3. The lessons learned and areas for improvement to prevent additional travel by such persons to conflict zones or other terrorist safe havens. The bill also requires the President to direct the heads of relevant federal agencies to provide to the Homeland Security Secretary the information needed to complete the review, which is due within 120 days of enactment. Mr. Speaker, it is encouraging that progress has been made in preventing individuals inspired by the Islamic State and other Islamic extremist groups to either travel to Syria and Iraq or carry out attacks on U.S. soil, but we need to do more and remain ever vigilant to protect the security of our homeland. H.R. 4402 is a positive step in the right direction and I urge all Members to support this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4402, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 83 on February 23, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 83. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4408—National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016, as amended. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR VICTIMS OF KALAMAZOO SHOOTINGS (Mr. UPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, Michigan has had some tough times lately—Flint and now Kalamazoo—which was rocked this past weekend by terrible random acts of violence that took six lives. I rise today with my Michigan colleagues to offer support and encouragement for the victims’ friends and families. We should continue to keep them in our hearts and in our minds. I want to thank the countless folks on the front lines who helped prevent this tragedy from, yes, even being worse. The swift actions of those on the ground deserve to be commended, particularly the Kalamazoo Sheriff’s Department, led by Sheriff Richard Fuller, Kalamazoo Public Safety Chief Jeff Hadley, and Mayor Bobby Hopewell. I ask my colleagues and those who hear this message across the country to pray for the families of the six victims and the recovery of the two injured, including 14yearold Abigail Kopf of Battle Creek, who is fighting for her life, and Tiana Carruthers of Richland Township, who put herself in front of two children and was shot multiple times. It is heartbreaking, but we know that our Kalamazoo community can and will recover from this tragedy. We will never forget what happened. We remember the lives of Mary Lou Nye of Baroda; Mary Jo Nye, Dorothy Brown, and Barbara Hawthorne of Battle Creek; and Tyler Smith and his dad, Richard Smith, of Mattawan. This tragedy will not define us, it will not divide us, and it will not defeat us. We are Kalamazoo. I ask that the House pause for a moment of silence in honor of those impacted by the tragic events in Kalamazoo. 
FOREIGN FIGHTER REVIEW ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4402) to require a review of information regarding persons who have traveled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist organizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 397, nays 0, not voting 36, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Babin Blackburn Buchanan Butterfield Byrne Cicilline Clyburn Cook Cummings Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Fattah Fincher Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Herrera Beutler Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Kelly (IL) Marchant Napolitano Neal Perry Poe (TX) Price, Tom Roby Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Vela Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 84 on February 23, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 84, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 84. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4402—Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016, as amended. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 83 and 84, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall vote No. 83 (H.R. 4408) and rollcall vote No. 84 (H.R. 4402). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on both missed votes. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3624, FRAUDULENT JOINDER PREVENTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–428) on the resolution (H. Res. 618) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3624) to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2406, SPORTSMEN’S HERITAGE AND RECREATIONAL ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–429) on the resolution (H. Res. 619) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2406) to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
EXPRESSING THE CONDOLENCES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES ON THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE ANTONIN SCALIA, ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. MCCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 620 Resolved, That the House has heard with profound sorrow of the death of the Honorable Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Resolved, That the House tenders its deep sympathy to the members of the family of the late Associate Justice in their bereavement. Resolved, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions to the Senate and to the Supreme Court and transmit a copy of the same to the family of the late Associate Justice. Resolved, That when the House adjourns today, it adjourn as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Associate Justice. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. MCCARTHY. Madam Speaker, we are adopting this resolution today in honor of Justice Antonin Gregory Scalia. His passion, his eloquence, his intelligence, and, indeed, his courageous defense of our Constitution was unmatched. He exemplified how principles should be practiced and served as an irreplaceable beacon and guardian of federalism, of the separation of powers, and of liberty throughout his service on the bench. Our country has not only lost a great man but a profound man, a principled man, and a good man. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL COLLECTIVELY TO THE 65TH INFANTRY REGIMENT, KNOWN AS THE ‘‘BORINQUENEERS’’ Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 113, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 113 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE BORINQUENEERS. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on April 13, 2016, for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collectively to the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers’’, in recognition of its pioneering military service, devotion to duty, and many acts of valor in the face of adversity. Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Eden Prairie Girls Hockey Team for winning the Minnesota High School State championship last weekend. The Eagles prevailed in a tight contest over Maple Grove in the title game when Lauren Eberle scored the game winning goal in overtime. The 3–2 victory marks the third State title for Eden Prairie in the last 11 years. Eden Prairie was led by goals from Anna Gravelle and Rachel Werdin, along with a strong performance between the pipes by Alexa Dobchuk. Madam Speaker, it takes commitment, it takes hard work, and it takes teamwork and dedication to achieve a State championship. This is even more especially impressive with the amount of time that these student athletes spend together in their studying, excelling in school, and participating in other extracurricular activities. Congratulations to the players, to the coaches, to the families, and to the fans of the Eden Prairie Girls Hockey Team. Our community is very proud of you. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, there is senseless gun violence. Over the past weekend in our community, a young man who was 19 years old, who worked in a pizzeria, was gunned down. The story says that, during this robbery, he attempted to respond to the killer’s demands. In spite of that, he was gunned down—murdered. We have listened to the sad but eloquent comments of our colleagues from Michigan of vicious gun violence—of a person with 11 guns in his home. Yes, as many say, people kill; guns don’t— but they use guns to kill. It is time for this Congress, as many police officers have said to me, to get its hands around the rampage of guns and gun violence, of senseless killings, of bad guys—some good guys—killing people with guns. It is important to close the gun show loophole, to be able to use and to demand science and safety restraints. I am appalled, but I am outraged. Enough is enough of innocent people being killed by gun violence. f 
THE HOUSE WILL STOP THE CLOSURE OF GUANTANAMO BAY (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, today, our administration announced that they would go against the American people and shut down Guantanamo Bay Cuba, GTMO. The detainees being held at GTMO are there for one reason—our Constitution. The administration wants to give the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the same constitutional rights he took from nearly 3,000 innocent Americans whom he killed on September 11, 2001. All of the detainees at GTMO were captured by our military on the battleground, not by the police. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was never told he had the right to remain silent when he was captured. Does he go free? Is there another loophole to his freedom? Our administration’s actions are against the will of the American people and are dangerous. This House and I will stop them. 
BOKO HARAM (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Wear Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. Right now, many female victims in Nigeria escaped the sexual violence of Boko Haram only to face ill treatment and mistrust in their communities. Even worse, the children who are the result of rape are scorned, deemed born of bad blood. We must do what we can to ensure that the next generation of Nigerians 
is free of Boko Haram. I am pleased I will be joining the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade of the Committee on Foreign Affairs tomorrow as it holds a hearing on Boko Haram. I hope the rest of the Congress will also wake up to Boko Haram’s atrocities. The girls are still alive, but are still missing. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls and to tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. Remember to wear something red every Wednesday. It can be shoes, a belt, a flower, a tie, a handkerchief, jewelry—anything. Just wear something red. We cannot forget the violence in Nigeria by Boko Haram. 
HONORING PENN STATE DANCE MARATHON (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the annual Penn State Dance Marathon, or ‘‘THON,’’ which was held over the past weekend on Pennsylvania State University’s main campus in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. THON is the largest studentrun philanthropy in the world, raising funds and awareness for the battle against pediatric cancer. Since 1977, THON has raised more than $127 million for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children’s Hospital. Each year, people from across Pennsylvania and even the Nation gather at the Bryce Jordan Center for THON, including Penn State students, university alum, and the parents and the children who have been impacted by childhood cancer. To the organizers of this wonderful event, I want you to know just how proud I am of your efforts. It was just announced that this year’s dance marathon raised nearly $9.8 million. I continue to be amazed by the good works of this studentrun organization, and I wish them the best of luck in their planning for next year. 
b1915 CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD (Mr. LARSON of Connecticut asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the Bipartisan Policy Center for establishing the Congressional Patriot Award and naming SAMJOHNSON and J OHNLEWIS as its first recipients. On March 15, at the Library of Congress, with David Rubenstein presiding, we will talk about their extraordinary lives and their contributions to this institution; wherein, they will be given a medal in their names which forevermore will be perpetuated by this body where both a Democrat and a Republican will receive this distinguished award based on the patriotism that they provided to their Nation. I cannot think of two more exemplary figures in this body than SAM JOHNSON , who was nearly beaten to death in the Vietcong and imprisoned for 7 years, 42 months of solitary confinement, and JOHN LEWIS, who was nearly beaten to death by the Alabama police after crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge. Please join us at the Library of Congress. We will be here on the floor every day with my cochair, TOMCOLE, to talk about this great event in their honor. 
SUPPORTING GUARDIAN HANDS FOUNDATION’S 3RD ANNUAL WALK AGAINST RARE DISEASES (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to support the Guardian Hands Foundation in its 3rd Annual Walk Against Rare Diseases, taking place this Sunday, February 28th, in Hialeah Gardens. In the United States, a disease is considered rare if it impacts less than 200,000 people, but there are over 7,000 recognized rare diseases. So, when taken as a whole, nearly 1 in 10 Americans are living with a rare disease. Nearly 50 percent of those, Mr. Speaker, are children with rare diseases. How tragic. The Guardian Hands Foundation continues to raise awareness about the unique experiences of South Floridians impacted by rare diseases, and it serves as an important voice of hope and inspiration for families across our area. So please come and enjoy some wonderful exercise this weekend. Join our community at the 3rd Annual Walk Against Rare Diseases. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today is our first opportunity to remember and honor the life and legacy of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, with a further tribute tonight by Congresswoman BARBARA  COMSTOCK of Virginia. I am grateful for Justice Scalia’s lifetime of service to our country and his dedication to protecting and defending the Constitution. In the nearly three decades he served on the Supreme Court, he was renowned for his brilliant opinion, sharp wit, and engaging debate with attorneys. His dedication to a strict interpretation of the Constitution never wavered, and he was beloved by his colleagues on the Court. He promoted the real constitutional intent, for judges to interpret the law, not legislating undermining democracy. Nominated by President Ronald Reagan in 1986 and confirmed unanimously by the Senate, Justice Scalia was the Court’s voice for opinions that upheld conservative values, such as the District of Columbia v. Heller, defending the right to bear arms by the Second Amendment. Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Maureen, their children, and grandchildren. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
GUANTANAMO BAY (Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in response to President Obama’s announcement of his plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility and transfer the detainees to the United States. We, as a Congress, made our position on the closing of Guantanamo Bay clear when we passed—and the President signed—the defense authorization and appropriations bills for 2016, which explicitly prohibit the President from closing the facility or transferring any of the detainees to the United States. Additionally, on October 1, I joined 15 of my House colleagues who have served or continue to serve in the military in sending a letter to the Joint Chiefs of Staff requesting that they acknowledge that the execution of any proposal put forth by the President to close GTMO would be in violation of Federal law. In response to the letter, the Joint Chiefs of Staff confirmed that the ‘‘current law prohibits the use of funds to ‘transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release’ of detainees from Guantanamo Bay to or within the United States’’ and that they ‘‘will not take any action contrary to those restrictions.’’ Mr. Speaker, the President’s primary function is to enforce the law, not break it. Moving KSM to the United States and availing him to our courts to fulfill personal, political goals is not only irresponsible, but potentially extremely reckless. 
AMERICAN HEART MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize February as American Heart Month. Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States. Every 43 seconds, someone in the United States 
dies of a heart attack. Fortunately, research has determined actions we can take to prevent this disease and other heart conditions. As a member of the Fitness Caucus here in the House of Representatives, I work to promote an active lifestyle as a preventive measure for many diseases, including heart disease. High blood pressure often shows no signs or symptoms, which is why having your blood pressure checked regularly is very important. It is easy to get your blood pressure checked. You can get it screened at your doctor’s office and drugstores. You could even check it yourself at home using a home blood pressure monitor. The CDC and their Million Hearts effort is aiming to prevent 1 million heart attacks and strokes in the United States by 2017. To do that, they are encouraging Americans to make control their goal. If you know you have high blood pressure, ask your doctor what your blood pressure should be and set a goal. Together we can raise awareness and save lives. 
PHILLIP RIGGS RECEIVES MUSIC EDUCATOR AWARD (Mr. WALKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand today to recognize my constituent, Phillip Riggs, who was the recipient of the third annual Music Educator Award presented by the GRAMMY Foundation. The Music Educator Award was established to recognize current educators who have made a significant contribution to the field of music education. Phillip was selected out of 4,500 nominations submitted from all 50 States. Phillip is a native of Mount Airy, North Carolina, and is currently the music instructor at the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics in Durham, North Carolina. Phillip was exposed to music in other traditional ways as well. His father was a leader of the church choir during childhood. Phillip is also the recipient of the Exceptional Contribution in Outreach Award presented annually by the University of North Carolina Board of Governors. Thank you, Mr. Riggs, for representing North Carolina honorably, for your tremendous career in music education, and for inspiring musicians across our State and our Nation. 
GUANTANAMO BAY (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the safety and security of every single American, and I stand in opposition to the President’s plan to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Let me be clear. Bringing the world’s most dangerous terrorists to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, or anywhere in the United States is a request that Congress cannot and shall not honor. The President, however, continues to try to move forward on this in spite of vocal American opposition and bipartisan legislation that this Congress has passed and that this President has signed into law which prohibits bringing these known terrorists onto American soil and closing the facility in Cuba. Mr. Speaker, nothing changes today. We will not put our national security at risk. We will not unilaterally disarm ourselves in the war on terror, voluntarily giving up intelligencegathering capabilities and putting our communities in the crosshairs of terrorists. What we simply ask is that the President, as Commander in Chief, execute the law and follow the Constitution. That’s why, as a Congress, we must stand up and do everything in our power to stop the administration’s transfer of these terrorists to American soil and to stop the President from closing the Guantanamo Bay facility. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF SUPREME COURT JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, this Special Order is meant to honor the life and three decades of service of Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia was a person of great joy, great intellect, great wit, and great faith. Our Nation suffered a tremendous loss on February 13 with the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia. My husband Chip and I, my parents, and our children are deeply saddened by the passing of our friend, our neighbor, and, of course, a legal legend. He was a courageous advocate for the rule of law and the Constitution. Justice Scalia and his wife, Maureen, raised an incredible family of 9 children and 36 grandchildren, and we have been so privileged to know and love them. Justice Scalia was both a larger thanlife Justice, who leaves a profound legacy in the law, as well as a downtoearth husband, father, grandfather, and absolutely delightful friend who loved his Lord and God, his wife and family, the law, the opera, his country, hunting, and a good laugh. We have all heard the stories of his friendship across the ideological spectrum, none more famous than his friendship with Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Justice Scalia explained: ‘‘If you can’t disagree ardently with your colleagues about some issues of law and yet personally still be friends, get another job, for Pete’s sake.’’ Justice Ginsburg explained: ‘‘As annoyed as you might be about his zinging dissent, he’s so utterly charming, so amusing, so sometimes outrageous, you can’t help but say ‘I’m glad that he’s my friend or he’s my colleague.’’’ Justice Scalia was a shining example of fidelity, as he was everfaithful to his oath to the law, to his family, and to his God. He was celebrated by so many in the legal community. He was a revered mentor to the dozens and dozens of clerks who lined the steps of the Supreme Court last Friday in his honor. And every one of them, no doubt, had a story that had profound legal discussions in it but also ended with a good laugh. He simply will be irreplaceable and leaves a legacy that will be consequential, discussed, and debated for the ages. On the personal front, his life was also a great and consequential life. Justice Scalia married his wife of over 55 years, Maureen, in 1960. They were set up on a blind date. He told one author that Maureen was ‘‘the product of the best decision I ever made.’’ His nine children—nine, how appropriate for a Supreme Court Justice— were split five and four, five boys, four girls. They became lawyers, a priest, a poet, an Army major, and parents themselves of those wonderful 36 grandchildren. Justice Scalia proudly gave the lion’s share of the credit for raising this large brood to the resourceful, talented, and very smart love of his life, Maureen, who, as her son Paul said in the homily, matched him at every step. Justice Scalia said about his children ‘‘and there’s not a dullard in the bunch.’’ His son, Father Paul Scalia, was the celebrant for his father’s beautiful funeral mass with the assistance of dozens of priests at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception this past Saturday. Father Paul began his moving homily saying: ‘‘We are gathered here because of one man, a man known personally to many of us, known only by reputation to many more; a man loved by many, scorned by others; a man known for great controversy and for great compassion. That man, of course, is Jesus of Nazareth.’’ 
b1930 Father Paul continued: ‘‘In the past week, many have recounted what Dad did for them. But here today we reflect what God did for Dad, how He blessed him.’’ Father Paul explained how his father understood that the deeper he went into his Catholic faith, the better a citizen and public servant he became. That faith now inspires his children and grandchildren and generations to come of the Scalia family and the so many lives he touched and influenced. Justice Scalia also had a rich tenor voice that intimidated many who came before the Court in front of him, but as his son Christopher explained, it was also perfect for reading stories to his grandchildren. His rendition of ‘‘The Night Before Christmas’’ was an annual tradition. He also led many sing alongs at parties, played the piano, and also that singing would go on and on for their long car rides. Pictures with his children and grandchildren cover the walls and the end tables and the piano of the Scalia home, and in any picture with one or more of those children or grandchildren or with his beloved Maureen, Justice Scalia would always be beaming whenever he was around his family. An only child himself, he loved that he gave his children the gift of many brothers and sisters. No doubt that is a great solace to all of them now, as well as a source of great strength and support for their mother. May God bless Justice Antonin Scalia, a good and faithful son, and may God bless his wife, Maureen, and their entire family, and the scores and scores of their friends and his colleagues and the millions more of admirers, and may God bless the country that he so loved. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the distinguished chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I especially thank Congresswoman COMSTOCK for leading this tribute to Justice Scalia. The Nation’s legal lights faded recently with the loss of the great Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, but they will not be dimmed for long, for Justice Scalia left a legacy of illumination that will continue far beyond his mortal years. Although Justice Scalia is no longer with us on Earth, his cogent, witty, and plainspoken writings will continue to educate law students and good citizens everywhere for centuries to come. Justice Scalia was no mere legal technician. He was a deep thinker who had an uncommon knack for crystallizing powerful ideas into trenchant, lasting prose. The journey on which he led his readers was always a joy, always compelling, because Justice Scalia always made clear where the path started. He once said: ‘‘More important than your obligation to follow your conscience, or at least prior to it, is your obligation to form your conscience correctly.’’ And for Justice Scalia, as with morality, so it was with the law. Justice Scalia always made sure he built his argument on a solid foundation: the Constitution, the supreme law of the land. As a strong defender of the rule of law, he was a gentle legal giant. Like all great educators, Justice Scalia was respectful of others, regardless of their differing views. ‘‘I attack ideas,’’ he once said. ‘‘I don’t attack people. And some very good people have some very bad ideas. And if you can’t separate the two, you gotta get another day job.’’ That is a life lesson for all of us who engage in any debates and the ideas that undergird them. In that spirit, Justice Scalia often said: ‘‘My best buddy on the Court is Ruth Bader Ginsburg, has always been,’’ and Justice Ginsburg’s moving tribute to her own best buddy should reduce every bitter partisan to tears. Throughout his life, Justice Scalia correctly inveighed against the notion of a living Constitution, the misguided idea that the Constitution’s text and original meaning somehow shifted this way and that with changes in popular attitudes. Justice Scalia said: That’s the argument of constitutional flexibility and it goes something like this: The Constitution is over 200 years old, and societies change. It has to change with society, like a living organism, or it will become brittle and break. But . . . the Constitution is not a living organism; it is a legal document. It says some things and doesn’t say other things. 
As a lifetimeappointed Supreme Court Justice, Justice Scalia, like all other lifetimeappointed judges, had the opportunity to effectively alter the meaning of the Constitution if he wanted and could garner the support of four of his colleagues. But like George Washington refusing the crown offered him, Justice Scalia rejected the notion the Supreme Court should impose its own preferred policies on the country through strained constitutional interpretations. Instead, Justice Scalia was an ardent defender of democracy, representative democracy. As he said: ‘‘If you think aficionados of a living Constitution want to bring you flexibility, think again. You think the death penalty is a good idea? Persuade your fellow citizens to adopt it. You want a right to abortion? Persuade your fellow citizens and enact it. That’s flexibility.’’ Justice Scalia’s respect for article I of the Constitution, the article that begins with these words, ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives,’’ that article, which clearly sets forth the powers of the Congress to legislate, not the executive branch and not the courts, is one of Justice Scalia’s greatest legacies. As much as Justice Scalia will be remembered as an able critic of the notion of a living Constitution, he will be remembered for his own living dissents, and many majority opinions, which will live forever in the hearts and minds of lovers of the law in America and around the world. Thank you, Justice Scalia. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentleman for his remarks. I yield to my friend, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from Virginia, BARBARA  COMSTOCK , for organizing this Special Order and for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, Father Paul Scalia said in his beautiful eulogy of his father, Justice Antonin Scalia, on Saturday: ‘‘We give thanks that Jesus brought him to new life in baptism, nourished him with the Eucharist, and healed him in the confessional. God blessed Dad with a deep Catholic faith, the conviction that Christ’s presence and power continue in the world today through His body, the Church.’’ Mr. Speaker, last week our country lost one of its most outspoken and dedicated defenders of faith and liberty. For nearly 30 years, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia stood as a monument to a faithbased viewpoint on the Constitution that will be sorely missed. There is no one in the history of our country who better protected the original intent of our Constitution and upheld the Godgiven rights of all Americans than Justice Scalia. Shown by his fierce dedication to defending our Constitution, from protecting Americans from government intrusion to protecting the rights of the unborn, Justice Scalia was a man of conviction, a man of passion, and a man of integrity. His honor and vigilance toward the original meaning of the Constitution and his historic dissents will ring throughout history. Every single ounce of Justice Scalia’s heart and soul was devoted to our country, his faith, and his family. His wit, his candor, and his character will be missed on our Nation’s highest Court. The legacy of Justice Scalia must never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I stand committed today to ensure we continue to prioritize faith and freedom in this country, protecting our naturalborn rights as citizens of the United States of America. It is simply the right thing to do. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentlewoman for her remarks. I yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ). Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. When I was informed of the Justice’s death, it came across my electronic devices. I texted my wife back home, and I said: I just want to cry. I had the extraordinary privilege of getting to know the Justice on a more personal basis. In western Nebraska there is a large outcropping. It is called 
Chimney Rock. Chimney Rock was the place that marks the halfway point across America. When the settlers crossed the great country, when they got to Chimney Rock, they knew that they were halfway along their journey. In the shadow of that rock, just this last December, I was in a duck blind with Justice Scalia who, as we all know, had that as an avocation. When you spend a couple of days in a duck blind with somebody, it is a bonding experience. You get to know them more personally. In my own reflections about what Chimney Rock meant to the country, a bridge between the past and the future, I thought it appropriately captured the character, the nature, the wisdom of the great Justice. He was a great student of American history, our legal system, a great protector of the Constitution and precedents. He understood how important it was to act in a consistent manner with principle while looking forward and applying that principle in everchanging circumstances of American life. Because he did so with continuity and with consistency, he was a man of great integrity. His inner voice matched his outer voice. When we saw this beautiful outpouring of support at his funeral from people all across the political aisle, I think the common narrative there was a deep respect for this great man. Mr. Speaker, when he died, I felt like America lost her grandfather. He was a soaring intellect, had an incisive wit, and had in a certain sense a humble personality. He loved to share a joke. For me to have the privilege of spending some time in a personal intimate setting with him I count as an extraordinary privilege of my time in public service. May God rest his soul. May God grant him peace. May God continue to bless the United States of America and give us all the strength to continue to think through how we are going to elevate and form the next generation of Americans who can apply themselves in such an extraordinary, sacrificial way as Justice Scalia did. I remember one other comment I wanted to leave with you. I remember when the Justice asked me: How many children do you have? You beautifully talked about how he was so devoted to his family and faith. He asked me, knowing that I knew he had nine, he asked me how many children. I said: I have five. He paused. He said: Respectable. That was it. I thank the gentlewoman from Virginia for her beautiful remarks and for giving me this moment to honor this great American. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentleman for his lovely remarks. Five is a good start, right, getting to that nine. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING). Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I especially thank her for arranging this Special Order tonight in memory of Justice Scalia, who was truly a legal giant. He was a man who surpassed all of the intellects that I have been aware of in my lifetime. Certainly no one in the legal profession has demonstrated more of a love for the law, more respect for the law, and more respect for the original intent of the Constitution. Now, I have nowhere near the personal contact with Justice Scalia that the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) did or the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ). I did meet him on a number of occasions. I had the opportunity to speak with him. Usually our conversations consisted of talking about the fact that we lived in working class neighborhoods in Queens. We grew up about a mile apart from each other. We both attended Jesuit high schools. That is about where the comparison ended as far as the Jesuit high schools, because he was valedictorian and I was far from it. He was a person who had the strength of somebody from the neighborhood, but he had the scholar’s intellect. b1945 He had an intellect that went beyond tremendous intelligence. It was an intellect that was shaped and framed by his deep religious faith and a belief in undiminished, lasting, and immutable principles. That is what reflected throughout his opinions. Yet he never let his own feelings or prejudices influence his thinking. That was certainly proven in the flag burning case. If there is anyone who loved his country and would oppose the concept of the act of flag burning, it was Justice Scalia. Yet he upheld the act as an expression of free speech, as much as it pained him. Something that many of us in politics and government have a hard time doing is following the letter of the law, following the intent of the law, and following the meaning of the law. Somehow, we like to put in our own feelings and beliefs. The fact is Justice Scalia told us that there is a higher principle than that. Also he had such a respect for language. There were no easy words thrown about. There were no escape clauses or phrases. There was an intent and purpose and meaning to everything that he did. To read his opinions, whether in the majority—and knowing that he was in the majority made us feel much better—or in his dissents, you realized, again, how determined he was, how forceful he was, and how committed he was to arriving at the correct decision—one which, again, followed the original intent of the Constitution. There were several references by BARBARA COMSTOCK to his funeral service on Saturday. Again, it was an expression by so many people of their love and respect for such an outstanding human being, a person whom I doubt we will ever see the likes of again—certainly, in our lifetimes. He was a giant of the law. He was a giant of his faith. He was a giant of his country. I am proud to join with all of my colleagues tonight—especially BARBARA COMSTOCK , who arranged this Special Order—in honoring the memory of Justice Scalia and hoping that that memory lives forward to carry out his unmatched love for the law, love for his country, and love for his family and his religion. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentleman from New York for his kind words and for bringing a New York flavor here to such a wonderful man. I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Virginia for taking the initiative to honor such a great man. In 1986, Antonin Scalia was nominated. I was a junior in high school. I am not sure it really resonated to me at the time what the next 30 years would entail. I believe it is safe to say that not only is he one of the strongest conservative voices of our day, but he could be of all time. I think of his life and I think of the example that he left for all of us, whether in politics or not. It is one thing to be conservative; it is another thing to effective. He showed with his life that he did not have to compromise his principles or his values to be effective. When I look at his peers around him, Justice Ginsburg many times talked about the friendship and the relationship she had with him. It was genuine. He took Justice Kagan hunting. He taught her how to hunt. She killed her first big deer with Justice Scalia at her side. What does that tell me? It tells me something that we need to remember: you can connect with people, you can hold your values, but you can have a genuine love for your fellow man. There is much to be said about Antonin Scalia’s faith. Obviously, he lived it, but he lived it in a way that set an example for all of us. Yes, we get frustrated. It is okay to be angry— sometimes vertically, but never horizontally—with our coworkers, our friends, our neighbors, and our family. He set the mark. He set it high. He was someone that could work in, arguably, the toughest environment in the world, yet still gain the respect of his political archrivals. For that, I thank him. Tonight, I honor him for showing us how to be both conservative and effective. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentleman for his remarks. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ). Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative COMSTOCK for organizing this tonight. I just have a quick personal story, Mr. Speaker. Justice Scalia’s daughter, Ann, lives in my neighborhood. I served in the State legislature, and I learned that this woman whose last name, obviously, was no longer Scalia, was the 
daughter of Justice Scalia. So I called her up, and I said: If your dad is ever in town, I would love to meet him. I was that guy, Mr. Speaker, who made that call, and she was very gracious. Sometime later, she called me up and said: PETER , my dad is coming in. Why don’t you and your family stop by. So the Roskams ran around the corner. My wife, Elizabeth, myself, and my four children, who were young at the time, went over and spent a few minutes on a Sunday afternoon with Justice Scalia. He was very magnanimous and very gracious in his blue jeans and sweatshirt, getting up off the couch, but extending himself to us. A couple of years later, I won a seat in the U.S. House. I thought: Well, I have got a little bit of a connection. I will reach out and call him and try to make a courtesy call. I made some contact with his chambers and his staff and they said: Well, would you like to come over and listen to an argument? As a new Member of Congress, I said: I would love to go over. So, over I go and listen to an argument in the Supreme Court. It is very dramatic, as you know. I was walking out feeling a little bit let down because I actually wanted to say hello to Justice Scalia. But not to be disappointed, his staff said: Come on with us. So I went up to his office, and there in his chambers he set out a lunch. The two of us had lunch together. Now, who I was having lunch with was not lost on me. The magnitude, the scale, the capacity of this man and his ability to influence things on a grand scale was not lost on me. Yet he was really willing to spend some time with me that day. I have got to tell you one other quick story. A few years ago, I invited him to dinner. I said: Justice Scalia, I have got a number of my colleagues that would love to have dinner with you. Would you be willing to come out? Of course, he did. I told my wife afterward: This guy is so interesting and so charming, if he had a radio show, you would listen to it. You would set your timer so that you could listen to him. He was so interesting, so cleaver, and so quick and willing to take all kinds of questions and all kinds of debate and so forth. I just want to close by saying this. There are many, many times when we feel overwhelmed by events that are before us in our public life. There are many times when our constituents feel overwhelmed and they get this sense of: Is there anybody out there that has got some level of judgment and wisdom and capacity here? Are there any examples and role models? The answer is: Justice Scalia. He is an example. He is an example that we are all the beneficiaries of: his clear mind; his capacity to disagree without being disagreeable; his capacity to build people up; his capacity to articulate a world view; his capacity to be a faithful and vocal follower of his savior, Jesus, and not be defensive about it; and to basically invite people along to celebrate and to participate in this great gift, which is our democracy. Even in these short interactions that I had with him, you always got the sense—or, I did—that he got the joke. In other words, there was a twinkle in his eye. This is a democracy and we have got roles to play. His role on the Court was to do his thing. Our role, Mr. Speaker, is to legislate with that same sense of commitment and character and tenacity and clarity that Justice Scalia brought to his role on the judiciary. So, I want to honor Justice Scalia. I want to honor his wife, Mrs. Scalia. I want to honor his children and grandchildren. I thank them, because it is a sacrifice for them to have someone of that caliber and that capacity in that role for our country. It is not a burden that is easy, but they have been willing to bear that burden. Our country is better off for it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentleman for those lovely memories. In the outpouring that we saw in his passing, one of the pictures that I saw from a neighbor was a picture of Justice Scalia, who was probably coming home for a long day at work, and some children on our street had a lemonade stand. He had stopped and gotten out there to support those little entrepreneurs. The mom came out and took a picture of them. He was there beaming with those kids, in his suit, all dressed up, and these little kids are there with their lemonade stand and so proud. He really did take the time that my friend, Mr. ROSKAM , spoke about and really just engaged and loved life so much. I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). Mr. DESANTIS. I thank my colleague from Virginia for organizing this fitting tribute to somebody who really, really did make a difference. Very few people who serve not only in the judiciary, but really at any level of government, leave the lasting mark that Antonin Scalia did. He will join the likes of John Marshall, Joseph Story, and Robert Jackson as one of the alltime greats in American law. I think of all the great things you can say about him. He was sharp, he was witty, and he wrote brilliantly. I think the reason why he is a titan of modern American law is because he insisted on discharging the judicial duty in a way that strengthened our overall constitutional order. He insisted on textualism when you are interpreting statutes. He had an originalist outlook when you are talking about the constitutional interpretation. Those frames of reference really vindicated the separation of powers. The judicial power under Article III is to decide cases and controversy. So you have cases before you that you have got to decide. It is not to go out and be a roving superlegislature. It is not to impose your philosophy on society. You decide cases. So, once judges free their decisionmaking from the objective meaning of the law in the Constitution, they are taking away power belonging to the American people that should be exercised through their Representatives. Justice Scalia always understood that. He was always insistent that judges have an objective standard when they are discharging their duty. When you talk about textualism, you read the statute for what it says. You don’t correct the statute. You don’t amend the statute. You don’t find subjective views of some random legislature who happened to say something in a committee hearing. You actually apply the words as written. That is the judicial task. When you do that, you are basically vindicating the power of the Congress and of the people’s elected Representatives, because they are the ones that wrote the law. If the courts depart from that, then they are departing from what the elected Representatives did. I am sure he saw countless statutes that were asinine as a matter of policy, but he said: That is not my job to correct that. So he is absolutely vindicating the separation of powers in the constitutional order. The same thing with constitutional interpretation. Before Justice Scalia took the bench, this was a freewheeling thing. Judges would say: Society matures and it is up to us to, effectively, update the meaning of the Constitution. That means you have five lawyers— unelected, unaccountable—that serve as an effective roving constitutional convention that can change the Constitution based on one case that happens to come in front of them. That was something that Justice Scalia thought was totally outside the bounds of the proper judicial role. He says the Constitution has a fixed, enduring meaning, and it is our job as judges to ascertain that meaning and apply it to the cases and controversies before us. So, if you look at a figure that has had more impact on how we think about the law and the Constitution over the last 50 years, you are not going to find one that surpasses Justice Antonin Scalia. He was a great American in every respect. He fought the good fight. He finished the race. He kept the faith. What a good guy. What a life. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank my colleague, the gentlewoman from Virginia, for organizing this Special Order on behalf of this remarkable, remarkable American. On February 13 of this year, our country lost a giant. His legacy will 
never fade. Justice Scalia influenced countless jurists, attorneys, law students, and everyday Americans. My thoughts and prayers have been with his wife, Maureen, Father Paul, and the entire Scalia family since the passing of this outstanding American statesman. Regardless of whether one agreed with his opinions on the Supreme Court, this man’s consistent integrity and admirable character cannot be denied. In both word and action, he was a man of the strongest character and deepest virtue. b2000 This was evident in the commencement address he gave to the graduating class of the College of William and Mary in 1996, when he said: ‘‘Bear in mind that brains and learning, like muscle and physical skill, are articles of commerce. They are bought and sold. You can hire them by the year or by the hour. The only thing in the world that is not for sale is character.’’ The way he lived out the virtues of integrity and humility did not go unnoticed. Several weeks ago, we here in Washington had the opportunity to go to the National Prayer Breakfast, which attracted Members of Congress, the President, Senators, Ambassadors, people from all over the world, and we were treated with an appearance by famed tenor Andrea Bocelli. I think that Justice Scalia would have enjoyed his appearance and his appreciation for opera. In addition to his wonderful renditions of ‘‘Panis Angelicus,’’ which, again would have been another treat for Justice Scalia, and ‘‘Amazing Grace,’’ Mr. Bocelli lamented the dark shadow that war casts on the world and expressed concern for its victims, identifying war as a major problem in our world today. But then it was interesting. Mr. Bocelli stated: ‘‘There is that small, hateful word, ‘hubris,’ already known in antiquity.’’ The ancient Greeks used it to define pride and the arrogance it entails. Bocelli’s use of the word ‘‘hubris’’ was compelling in that he spoke it in the center of power here in the United States. That word conjures a theme that we have seen in Justice Scalia’s work. Justice Scalia went about his task of considering significant constitutional and legal issues of the day with a profound and seldom seen humility about the role of courts in our country. They are not there to impose their own beliefs on the people, but to adjudicate competing claims in the context of a Constitution that has enduring meaning. To interpret the law in any other way otherwise aggrandizes power to a select few, a power that was never intended by the Founders. This humility of position that Justice Scalia had I believe will be a lasting legacy. Regardless of whether one agrees with Justice Scalia from a policy perspective, his writings reflect a profound respect for an understanding of our system of government and an unparalleled respect for an interpretation of the Constitution grounded in text and in history. For this our Nation should be forever grateful. May he rest in peace. Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the gentleman, and I thank all of my colleagues for their comments. Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate this opportunity for all of our colleagues to join us in celebrating the life of this great man, Justice Scalia, who so many of us were privileged to know and count as a friend. For anyone who would like to view the beautiful mass of Christian burial for Justice Scalia that was presided over by his son, Father Paul Scalia, who gave a beautiful homily, that can be found on C–SPAN. I appreciate that that was covered. I also, again, appreciate this opportunity to celebrate this beautiful life, this family. I yield back the balance of my time. 
WATER QUALITY AND SUPPLY ISSUES IN THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the earlier discussion about one of America’s most longstanding and most noted Justices. His passing is mourned by all of us. I do, however, today want to move to a different subject. I want to talk about, I think, one of the two most essential things that a human being needs to live. That is water and air. But today we are going to take the former of those two subjects and really talk about water. Two weeks ago I put this up for all to see. This is tap water from Flint, Michigan. There has been a lot of discussion over the last month, month and a half, almost 3 months now, about Flint, Michigan, about the water supply in Flint, Michigan, lead in the pipes, lead pipes, about the public health emergency that exists there, and about what we could and should do about dealing with Flint, Michigan. However, Flint, Michigan is not unique. This is how they get water in East Porterville. In the Central Valley of California, the San Joaquin Valley, just south of Fresno, California, the water supplies in the East Porterville area ran dry, in part, because of the drought, in part, because of inadequate water systems. So the residents of East Porterville were required to get water from a cattle water trough, pretty much like I have on my ranch, although, hopefully, this water is a whole lot cleaner. Porterville, California. Now we have two examples, one from the Midwest, another one from the Far West. Any other problems about water supply? Well, yes. There are other problems about water supply. This is a list of problems that we know exist in the United States—or most recently existed: Flint, Michigan, we just saw that picture. Toledo, Ohio, you remember, had to shut down the water system because of problems from algae blooms. Sebring, Ohio; Baltimore, Maryland; Brick Township, New Jersey; Washington, D.C., lead release. Wayne County, North Carolina; Greenville, North Carolina; Lakehurst Acres, Maine; Chicago, Illinois. I decided not to put them all up there because it would take the rest of the evening to list all the communities in America that have water issues. And certainly we do in California. I could put up another—well, maybe I will. Let me just put up a map of California. This is the largest population in the United States, approaching 40 million people. And far north, the Pacific Coast, San Francisco Bay, Los Angeles, down here, Santa Barbara, and way down here, San Diego, and somewhere over here, Arizona and Nevada, the Sierra Nevada mountains, the coastal range, and the great Central Valley of California, where a whole lot of America’s food and food exports come from. Down here in the Tulare Lake Basin, there are well over 100 communities who have contaminated water from nitrates and other harmful substances. So the issue of clean water, you know, shortage of water down here, and contaminated wells up and down—oh. The Salinas Valley. Monterey Bay and the great Salinas Valley, many, many of the wells in that area are also contaminated. So we have got a water quality problem really throughout the United States, and we certainly have one in California. We have another problem in California. Let me put this up, a little different map. The previous map, that one, nice and green. That is not California today. We may be and probably are in the fifth year of the great California drought. This is a picture of the California drought situation. The yellow is a little less than normal. The red, far less than normal. This brown is really the way California will be as soon as this summer comes on. And that is called exceptional drought. So the great Central Valley of California, the coastal range down into Los Angeles, even over to the east side of the Sierras, an exceptional drought. So the green California is really not so green. Today we are about halfway through the rainy season in California, and the 
current rain for the entire State is about 75 percent of normal. That is why you see this extreme drought occurring even as of February 18, 2016. The Sierra snowpack is less than normal but is still a whole lot better than last year, when it was zero, as in no snow. So what are we going to do? Well, we need to do something. Otherwise, we are going to have a whole lot more pain in California. So what Senator FEINSTEIN and I have been doing over the last several months is trying to develop a solution for the immediate drought, to make the most of the water that is available, while still protecting the endangered species, the great salmon runs of the Central Valley of California, and the coastal rivers, as well as the species that live in the delta of California. So we have been working, trying to put together a piece of legislation that would provide as much flexibility as possible, while still protecting the fish species and the flora and fauna of the State. We think we have done it. We think we do have a piece of legislation that will do that. We call that the operational portion of the legislation. Senator FEINSTEIN has already introduced that legislation. I intend to do so in the very near future here in the House of Representatives so that we can have a statement from the House of Representatives about how we can solve the drought problem—well, not solve it—do the very best we can in an extreme circumstance to deliver as much water as possible to the farms and the cities of all of California, while also protecting the endangered species. Let me just put this up. This is the essence of the legislation. I am going to start here at the bottom and work towards the top. This is the shortterm provision of the bill. I will go into this in more detail in a few moments. The bill also has what we call long term infrastructure needs. Those long term infrastructure needs are storage reservoirs, aquifers beneath the surface of the earth, where we have groundwater—or we used to have groundwater, surface storage. There are several new and expanded reservoir opportunities available in the State, some of them on the streams and rivers—and, of course, those will be controversial—and one or two that are offstream, in the valleys and the mountains where there are no active rivers, those being somewhat less controversial. So there is surface storage. There is underground aquifer storage. That is this one right here. Authorized $600 million for water storage projects, both aquifer as well as surface storage. We also have this thing called conservation. Conservation is where you can get the most water. For every gallon of water that you conserve, that is a gallon of water that would be available for other purposes or to extend what little you have available. So conservation plays a major role. In this legislation, there is money for conservation. There is also money for this recycling. Now, much of the Midwest recycles water. In fact, the entire Mississippi River system is recycled water, water that is used upstream by some city, cleaned, put back in the river, reused again as it flows down the Mississippi River and its tributaries. California doesn’t do much recycling. I don’t have a map here of the—no, I don’t. But if one were to take a look at the whole Pacific Coast of California and the United States and Alaska and Central America and South America—so from Alaska all the way south to Chile on the West Coast, the Pacific Coast, of the Western Hemisphere—you would find that the fifth biggest river in all of that vast stretch—the great rivers of Alaska and Canada, the Columbia River, the Sacramento River, the Colorado River down here, and the rivers of Central and South America—the fifth biggest happens to be right here, here, here, and here. b2015 The fifth biggest rivers are the sanitation plants of California that take water from up and down the entire area and from the Colorado all the way from the Rockies, use it, clean it to a higher standard than the day it arrives in the great cities of California, clean it to a higher standard, and then they dump it in the ocean. This is utter foolishness. So in the GaramendiFeinstein legislation, we have $200 million for water recycling so that we can recycle that water, reuse it, and make use of water that is already available. We know, for example, that in Los Angeles there are approximately 1 million acrefeet of water that is not now being used. In fact, it is being dumped into the ocean. With this recycling program, 1 million acrefeet of new water can be available in southern California. And, by the way, for those of you who are not familiar with California, we are talking about the Los Angeles basin here. So the recycling in this basin can deliver 1 million acrefeet of water over the next decade or so, and that water can be put back into the great aquifers of southern California and even down into the San Diego area. These aquifers are now largely contaminated with various contaminants, but they can be cleaned and the water recycled, put back in the aquifers, taken out, cleaned, and round and round it goes. One million acrefeet: What does that mean to northern California, to Colorado, our friends in Arizona, New Mexico, and Nevada? It means that that is a million acrefeet that Los Angeles, the great basin down here, does not need to take from the Sacramento River in northern California or from the Colorado River, taking pressure off those rivers. And as you saw from the drought map, those rivers are in severe trouble. So that is kind of a strategy that we put in place. Now, we are not geniuses—well, maybe—no. We are not geniuses. But what we do know is that the State of California has already figured this out. So what our legislation does is to tie directly to, mirror, augment, and push forward what California did in the 2014 election, which is to pass proposition 1, an almost $7 billion proposition for the development of water supplies for California. So, look at this: Water conservation, storm water recapturing, increase local and regional supplies, $810 million. Our legislation would fit right in there with conservation and these other programs. Safe drinking water. Remember talking about Porterville and water troughs for cattle from which the kids were taking water? Here you have the Safe Drinking Water Program. And guess what. It is in the Feinstein Garamendi legislation. Yes. There it is, money to help small communities through the Bureau of Reclamation expanding their WaterSMART and other programs so that we can mirror, augment, supplement, and advance what California already wants to do when proposition 1 goes into effect. Let’s see. Water recycling. Didn’t I just talk about that? Yes, I did. So in the legislation that Senator FEINSTEIN  has already introduced and what I will soon introduce here, we will be once again working with the water recycling. Not as much money, but still a major Federal effort to work with the State to maximize the water recycling. This is also not on this list, but also desalinization, which happens to work for some parts of California as well as other parts of the United States. I talked about groundwater. Yes. Our legislation mirrors the groundwater program that is in proposition 1, adds some additional money, and directs the Federal Government to work directly with the State on advancing the groundwater issues. Now, for those of you that have been following the drought in California over the last several years—actually, the last several decades—California has been excessively using its groundwater so much so that, in parts of the great Central Valley of California—maybe I will put that map back up here—in the great Central Valley of California, particularly in this part of the Central Valley and the Fresno area and south, we have seen a significant fall in the surface of the Earth. It is literally sinking as a result of the groundwater being pumped out. In many places, you can go down through this area and you will see wells that are way, way above the ground and the ground is down here maybe 10, 20 feet. You have seen subsidence in the area. So the overdrafting in this area and some in the Sacramento Valley as well as in the Salinas Valley is a serious problem. Part of what we want to do, mirroring what the State has already decided to do with proposition 1, is to 
have the Federal Government work with the State on addressing the aquifers in this region to find ways to recharge the aquifers. There are many different ways that that can be done. Some of it is simply pumping the water back into the ground rather than pumping it out. In other areas, the geology in various parts, particularly along the coastal mountains as well as along the Sierra Nevada mountains, there are gravel channels, old river channels that have historically recharged the groundwater basins in parts—actually, along most of the Central Valley. So it has to be done. This is what we are trying to do with this legislation: Desalination research, which I discussed earlier, $100 million; water storage, $600 million; water recycling, $200 million; and $55 million for specific protections for the fish and wildlife species. There is a whole series of projects that would fit into that. Once again, all of this infrastructure work is designed to coordinate specifically with what the State of California is doing with their multibilliondollar proposition 1. This isn’t in effect yet, but this money is now working its way through the various environmental studies and various levels of government so that very soon these projects will be underway. If we are able to pass the legislation that we want to introduce, we are going to see the Federal Government working very, very closely with the State government in addressing the California problem. Now, who cares about California? If you care about food, your fresh veggies, you had better care about California. Over here in the Salinas Valley where lettuce comes from? Drought problems. In the Central Valley, let’s see. You name the crop, everything from rice to walnuts—oh, wine grapes are very, very important if you like your wine. In the central coast down here, the same thing. So what we are trying to do with the legislation is to provide a longterm fix to California so that we can increase the supply of water, increase the storage during the wet years, put the storage in reservoirs and in the aquifers so that, when the dry years come, then we will do it. There was a fellow by the name of Steinbeck. He wrote a book, ‘‘East of Eden.’’ In that book, he talked about the California droughts. This is not a new situation, although 5 years and 4 years is definitely new. Usually, the droughts would be 1 or 2 years. But now we are looking at quite possibly a 5year drought. Steinbeck said this. It is not the exact quote, although I wish I had it. It was like this: 
In the dry years, they worried about where their water would come from. Then the wet years would come and they forgot about the dry years. That has been the story of California for too many—too many—decades. Certainly Steinbeck saw that in the early part of the 20th century. We are now in the 21st century and we cannot—we cannot—relive that old adage that Steinbeck wrote about. So we need to build for the future. We need to be able to address this in the immediate as best we can and put in place the water systems. I am going to describe those water systems to you just very briefly. Here in the north we have the great Shasta Reservoir up here on the Upper Sacramento River. It could be raised. It could be increased. There are some environmental and certainly some cost issues associated with raising Shasta. That is one of the proposals of possibilities in our legislation. The other one sits right about in here off stream. The Sacramento River flows down through the middle of the valley here, but offstream over here in my district actually is a potential reservoir that has been talked about for maybe 50 years now called Sites Reservoir. It stores about 1.8 million acrefeet of water. It could deliver annually 500,000 acrefeet of water. That is a lot of water. That is 1 foot of water across 5,000 acres. Did I say 5,000? It is 500,000 acres. So that is the Sites Reservoir over here. That reservoir also does something really unique. Since it is offriver, it will take the water flowing down the Sacramento River during the heavy storms, put that water into the reservoir, and then, when summer comes or the drought comes, that water can be released back into the Sacramento River, providing water quality issues here in the Delta of California—and I will come to that in just a few moments—creating flexibility on the great reservoirs—Shasta, the Yuba system, the Folsom Reservoir here in Sacramento, and the big California reservoir in Oroville—allowing the operations of those reservoirs to be modified in such a way that they are able to store water rather than releasing it down the river for fish and wildlife. It would then be able to release water from Sites Reservoir and keep that water back in these reservoirs. A major problem in Sacramento is that the Folsom Reservoir is at low tide. I will have tomorrow representatives from the east Sacramento area in my office, all of them saying: Oh, my goodness. We don’t have enough water in Folsom Reservoir for our cities of Rancho Cordova, Roseville, and the like, east of Sacramento. So Sites Reservoir could provide more water in the Sacramento region by keeping that water in the Folsom Reservoir. Let’s talk a little bit about the delta. I guess I had better finish the other reservoirs. Down here in the Fresno area on the San Joaquin River we have the big Friant Reservoir on the San Joaquin. There is a bit of a problem with Friant. It managed to dry up the San Joaquin River, creating a big, big problem for the salmon. They don’t do very well in dry rivers. So there is an effort underway to try to restore some of the salmon on the rivers in the San Joaquin Valley, the Stanislaus, the Merced, and the other rivers as you move down towards the San Joaquin. There would be a new reservoir that is proposed here at Temperance Flat. Is it possible? Yes. Is it environmentally controversial? Oh, yeah. No doubt about that. And it is expensive. But, nonetheless, our legislation would authorize a continuation of the studies to see if it is worth doing. So that would be the Temperance Flat. Over here on the hills to the east of Oakland there is another storage reservoir offstream, and that one is called Los Vaqueros. Los Vaqueros is a reservoir that is controlled by the Contra Costa Water District. They now have agreements with other water districts in the bay area to increase the size of that reservoir to store more water at that area. Again, that is offstream. It would take the high winter flows and put that water in storage off stream as with Sites Reservoir to the north of it, all very, very important. So these are the essential projects that would be long term for California. Again, they would be the surface storage reservoirs, two offstream and three potentially onstream. They would be recharging the aquifers and the various infrastructure needed to do that, recycling in the great cities of Los Angeles, San Diego, and in the bay area to recycle water and, also, dealing with the contamination that occurs in many of the cities in the Central Valley, the San Joaquin Valley particularly, a little bit up here in the Sacramento Valley, and a lot of problems in the Salinas Valley in this area. So those are the essential elements of the long term—I forgot conservation and desalination. So those are the longterm projects that are both in proposition 1 of the California water bond of 2014 and, also, in our legislation. The second piece of the legislation deals with the operation of the two great water projects. These are the largest water projects in the world, although China is building one that might actually be bigger. But, as of today, the largest water projects in the world are in California. What they basically do—maybe I will back up here a bit. It would be great if my colleagues here really had a sense of what is happening. The basic water projects of California take the water from the Sacramento Valley, the Sacramento River, Mount Shasta up here, and the Trinity River, bring that water in through the Shasta Reservoir, hold the water there, and then send the water down the Sacramento River to the delta. 
b2030 From the delta, that water is picked up in canals—two of them, one operated by the Federal Government, the other one operated by the State of California—and brings that water—the Federal Government—down into the San Joaquin Valley, where it provides hundreds of thousands of acres of irrigated agricultural production. The other part of that project is here on the San Joaquin. That takes water down the east side of the valley, all the way to Kern County, down here in the Bakersfield area, and north up into the Madera County area here. That is called the FriantKern system. That is the Federal water project. The State water project, like the Federal, takes the water out of the delta here and brings it down in the canal, all the way down here, providing water to Kern County, and then pumps that water 2,000 feet over the Tehachapi Mountains through tunnels and canals into southern California. It flows down through the western part of the Mohave Desert down here, and then flows into the Los Angeles area, and also into the Palm Springs area all the way over here. That is the California water project. Some of that water flowing into the Metropolitan Water District is then available for the cities and water districts of southern California, all the way down to San Diego and into the Coachella Valley over here in the Palm Springs area. It is one huge water project, all of it dependent on the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. There is no other estuary anywhere from Chile to Alaska as large and as important to the aquatic species and birds as the great delta of the SacramentoSan Joaquin River system. Unlike many deltas, this is an inland delta. This is the beginning of San Francisco Bay here. It goes on out. The Golden Gate Bridge and San Francisco are just further to the west. Once again, the water flows southward down the Sacramento River, past the city of Sacramento, and flows down through the delta, picked up by the great pumps here at Tracy into the canals, and down the canals to the San Joaquin Valley and on to southern California. Here is the problem: the pumping has significantly altered the ecology of the delta and, when coupled with the drought, has created a situation that has led to a very serious potential of the extinction of species in the delta, particularly the delta smelt. Because of the alteration of the Sacramento River system’s normal flow, the salmon, which would normally migrate up the Sacramento River all the way to Mount Shasta and beyond or down the San Joaquin River system to Fresno, that migration pattern has been seriously altered. In normal years, the management of the river is such that the salmon are able to get along, not as well as they once did when it was said you could walk across the river on the back of salmon—you can’t do that today for sure—but, nonetheless, in a normal year these river systems, excluding the Lower San Joaquin, are able to produce a significant salmon run. In the delta, the delta smelt have been under great pressure since the pumps were put in. The smelt is a little, tiny fish, but it happens to be like the foundation fish—all the bigger fish eat it. And it is also what we call the canary in the coal mine. If you remember what that is all about, you use canaries in a coal mine. When the canary keels over, you have got a serious problem because you are the next to keel over—bad air. Well, here these delta smelt are considered to be the canary in the water. When they are in deep trouble—and they are today—the question arises: Is the entire ecosystem of the delta going to collapse? We think not. But California is severely stressed. California is still in drought. Today, the rainfall in California is 75 percent of normal. That is for the entire State. For the Sacramento region, February is 22 percent of normal, and I think we are rapidly approaching the end of February. What that means for the delta is extraordinary stress—extraordinary stress—and a monumental California water fight. My greatgrandfather came to California in the 1860s to mine for gold. During that time, there was a fellow out there by the name of Mark Twain, who was writing about the gold rush and other things that were going on in California. He said a couple of things that are really interesting. About San Francisco, he said that the coldest winter he ever spent was summer in San Francisco. I think he was referring to the fog. He also said that in California in the 1850s, 1860s, and 1870s, he said: ‘‘Whiskey is for drinking; water is for fighting over.’’ So it has been. During the Gold Rush period, it was all about water. You couldn’t mine for gold unless you had water, and people fought over water. They built incredible systems to get their hands on the water that came out of the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Today, it is the same. We still fight about water. What Senator FEINSTEIN  and I are trying to do is to reduce the friction, reduce the fighting that has been going on for the last decade, or last 5 years, about water as it flows through the delta. My San Joaquin Valley colleagues, Democrat and Republican, have put forth two pieces of legislation that they believe would solve the water problem for them. What they have managed to do with that legislation is to basically wipe out the environmental protection for the species— salmon, smelt, and other species in the delta—and simply say: Turn the pumps on. We need the water. We have got the votes. We are going to get the water. Those two pieces of legislation have not become law, and they never should become law, because if they did, the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere would be in serious jeopardy. What we propose is to work within the environmental laws and the biological opinions that have been put forth by the Federal and State fish and wildlife agencies and the National Marine Fisheries Service—the National Marine Fisheries Service concerned about the salmon; the fish and wildlife agencies concerned about the endemic species of the delta—to work within those biological opinions which are designed to protect those species and say the flexibility that is allowed under the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Water Act, and the biological opinions are sufficient to allow for the maximum amount of pumping to the south from the delta consistent with the protection of the species. In order to accomplish that, we need to use science. The biological opinions are based on about 13 to 15yearold science. What we are saying in our legislation is ramp up the science. Senator FEINSTEIN was able to deliver $100 million to California fish agencies to put in place realtime monitoring. She was not able to write how that could occur, so in the legislation we would direct the agencies to conduct realtime monitoring, daily monitoring. As the winter flows—and there have been winter flows thus far this year, not enough, but they are there. As those winter flows enter the delta from the north and the south, the fish agencies study where are the smelt, where are the salmon coming down the Sacramento River, and also from the San Joaquin River. If they are near the delta pumps, reduce the pumping, or don’t pump at all, depending where those fish are. If they are not, if they have moved away from the pumps and there is water in the system, then turn the pumps on. Pretty simple: if the fish are endangered, reduce the pumping; if the fish are not endangered, then increase the pumping. That is essentially what our legislation would accomplish. There are other elements to it, for example, putting in fish screens at the Delta Cross Channel on the Georgiana Slough, and also to improve the levee system within the delta. We will see. We will see what happens here. We have a choice as Members of Congress and men and women that are supposed to solve problems. We can go the way of my San Joaquin Valley colleagues and simply push aside, negate, the environmental laws that provide for the protection of the salmon, the great fishing industry of California, the salmon runs up and down the coast. By the way, the salmon that come out of the Sacramento River provide salmon all the way to the Columbia River in Oregon. So it is not just about San Francisco Bay. It is about the salmon and the fishing industry for much of the West Coast, also south through Monterey Bay. 
Can we wipe out the environmental laws and simply turn the pumps on? Yes, if that legislation were to pass that has been offered by my colleagues from the San Joaquin Valley. Or we can work within the environmental laws, achieving maximum flexibility, understanding the science: Where are the salmon or the salmonoids? Those are the salmon that have hatched and are coming back down the river, little, tiny salmon. Where are they? Are they coming down the river and getting sucked to the pumps, or are they coming down the river and heading out to the bay? We don’t know today. We are not doing realtime monitoring. If we did realtime monitoring, we would know where they are. We would know where the delta smelt are and other species, and we could adjust the pumping to protect the species and to take advantage of the high flows that occur during the normal winters and also this year, even though it is well below normal. I have confidence. I have confidence in the wisdom of the Californians who decided that they would pass a water bond to put in place longrange solutions for California—recycling, conservation, storage systems, underground aquifers—and to develop safe drinking water. I have confidence in the wisdom of California because they voted by over 60 percent for this project. I have confidence in the Congress. I have confidence in the Senate. Senator FEINSTEIN has come up with a good bill. I had the honor to work with her on that bill, and I will soon introduce that bill here in the House. I have confidence that we have the wisdom and we have the understanding of the systems of California water to maximize over time the water potential of California. And in the near term, in the near term when California, this great State that we would like to see as green, when California is faced with this, I have got confidence that we are wise enough and we are smart enough politically to maneuver ourselves into a situation where we can address the current drought to the maximum extent possible, delivering water to the San Joaquin Valley and on into southern California without harming the fish, without destroying the salmon of California and the fishing, the multibilliondollar fishing industry that goes with it, and without jeopardizing the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. That is our challenge. This is what we are going to try to accomplish. Senator FEINSTEIN ’s bill has been introduced. That version will be introduced over here in the next several days as we develop a better understanding among my colleagues of what we are trying to accomplish here. b2045 I have confidence that the representatives of the southern California area will see the wisdom of putting aside what Mark Twain said we always do in California: Fighting over water and getting about drinking more whiskey. Probably a pretty good idea. I think we are going to get southern California support for this. I think the San Joaquin Valley folks will look at this and say: Well, we can continue fighting as we have for the last 5 years with no progress, none, nada, zero. Let’s see if we can figure out how to do this in a way that protects the species, the salmon, the other fish, that protects the largest estuary on the west coast of the western hemisphere, and that provides the maximum amount of water that is available to California, which, by the way, has an economy that is ranked seventh in the world. So water is really important. I know we can do better. I know that this Nation doesn’t have to have this kind of water in Flint, Michigan. I know that this Nation doesn’t have to have children in the Central Valley of California getting their water out of a cattle water trough. I know that this Nation doesn’t have to destroy the largest estuary and all of the fish, all of the salmon, and all of the industry that goes with that in its quest for water and that what little is available can be shared and maximized. That is what we are going to try to do with the FeinsteinGaramendi legislation. I know we can do it. I know we have to do it. I know, at the end of the day, we are not going to destroy. We are going to build, we are going to create, and we are going to solve the problem. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
IN TRIBUTE TO UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA, A PREEMINENT MIND The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight in tribute to one of the greatest jurists in this Nation’s history. Justice Antonin Scalia had a preeminent mind following an excellent education. He has a beautiful family and has already been very sorely missed. I thought it might be helpful, Mr. Speaker, to get a sense of the man and how profoundly concerned he was with the place in which this country finds itself after world wars, after depressions, after all kinds of threats: a massive civil war in the 1860s, all kinds of things that have threatened this Nation, even the War of 1812 during which this Capitol was set on fire. There were all of these threats; yet, at this time in which we live, he could see and he tried to sound the warning alarms for what the majority of the Supreme Court was doing to this country. It seemed to be encapsulated rather well back in the June 12, 2008, decision in the case of Boumediene vs. George W. Bush, President of the United States, combined with another case. The decision of the majority of the Court, as Justice Scalia pointed out, was so totally inconsistent with the majority’s own majority opinion in a prior case regarding people who were captured on the battlefield and who were clearly at war with the United States. Throughout the history of warfare at least among civilized nations during the period of warfare, the civilized thing to do was to hold those who were at war with you until such time as the groups they represent, they come from, declare they are no longer at war with you. Then they can be released unless they have committed some heinous crime for which they should account beyond that of being part of the war against the Nation. The Supreme Court majority had previously said basically that, of course, the Constitution gives the Congress the power to create tribunals, to create courts. As my former constitutional law professor said, there is only one Court in the whole country’s Federal system that owes its creation to the U.S. Constitution, and that is the U.S. Supreme Court. All other Federal courts, tribunals, owe their existences and their jurisdictions to the United States Congress. So the majority Court had previously said, in effect, that Congress could, in cases where enemy combatants are seized on the battlefield, hold them without right of writ of habeas corpus, because that has basically been the history of civilized warfare. Obviously, in uncivilized warfare, people were taken, abused, tortured, made slaves. That has happened throughout the history of mankind. But for nations that were civilized, you simply held them, hopefully, in humanitarian conditions. In the Boumediene case, Justice Scalia starts his dissent by writing: ‘‘I shall devote most of what will be a lengthy opinion to the legal errors contained in the opinion of the Court. Contrary to my usual practice, however, I think it appropriate to begin with a description of the disastrous consequences of what the Court has done today.’’ Justice Scalia goes on: ‘‘America is at war with radical Islamists. The enemy began by killing Americans and American allies abroad: 241 at the Marine barracks in Lebanon, 19 at the Khobar Towers in Dhahran, 224 at our embassies in Dar es Salaam and Nairobi, and 17 on the USS Cole in Yemen. ‘‘On September 11, 2001, the enemy brought the battle to American soil, killing 2,749 at the Twin Towers in New York City, 184 at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C., and 40 in Pennsylvania. ‘‘It has threatened further attacks against our homeland; one need only 
walk about buttressed and barricaded Washington or board a plane anywhere in the country to know that the threat is a serious one. Our Armed Forces are now in the field against the enemy, in Afghanistan and Iraq. Last week, 13 of our countrymen in arms were killed. ‘‘The game of baitandswitch that today’s opinion plays upon the Nation’s Commander in Chief will make the war harder on us.’’ What comes next is, perhaps, one of the most profound statements that any Justice on the Supreme Court ever put in writing, but he was right. And being right in his discernment of the Supreme Court’s decision, he knew he needed to put this next sentence in print. So, in talking about the majority opinion, Justice Scalia wrote this: ‘‘It will almost certainly cause more Americans to be killed.’’ He wrote: ‘‘That consequence would be tolerable if necessary to preserve a time honored legal principle vital to our constitutional Republic. But it is this Court’s blatant abandonment of such a principle that produces the decision today. The President relied on our settled precedent in Johnson vs. Eisentrager’’—this was back in 1950— ‘‘when he established the prison at Guantanamo Bay for enemy aliens. Citing that case, the President’s Office of Legal Counsel advised him ‘that the great weight of legal authority indicates that a federal district court could not properly exercise habeas jurisdiction over an alien detained at Guantanamo Bay.’’’ Further down, the Justice writes: ‘‘In the short term, however, the decision is devastating. At least 30 of those prisoners hitherto released from Guantanamo Bay have returned to the battlefield. ‘‘But others have succeeded in carrying on their atrocities against innocent civilians. In one case, a detainee released from Guantanamo Bay masterminded the kidnapping of two Chinese dam workers, one of whom was later shot to death when used as a human shield against Pakistani commandos. ‘‘Another former detainee promptly resumed his post as a senior Taliban commander and murdered a United Nations engineer and three Afghan soldiers. Still another murdered an Afghan judge. It was reported only last month that a released detainee carried out a suicide bombing against Iraqi soldiers in Mosul, Iraq. ‘‘Their return to the kill illustrates the incredible difficulty of assessing who is and who is not an enemy combatant in a foreign theater of operations where the environment does not lend itself to rigorous evidence collection.’’ Justice Scalia goes on: ‘‘During the 1995 prosecution of Omar Abdel Rahman, federal prosecutors gave the names of 200 unindicted coconspirators to the ‘Blind Sheikh’s’ defense lawyers; that information was in the hands of Osama Bin Laden within two weeks.’’ Justice Scalia went on to write page after page, explaining the perils that the overzealous and underthinking majority of the Court had imposed on the United States, on our military. Justice Scalia made clear, when it comes to war, the decision that the majority made was to basically tell our military: Instead of protecting yourselves and protecting your brothers and sisters in arms, we are going to require you to go out there, gather up DNA evidence, get blood evidence, maybe just drive a forensic wagon out there onto the field of battle. Start gathering evidence because some moronic person in a palace in Washington—‘‘palace’’ being what some of the Justices who first went through the new Supreme Court building said about it back in 1935, that palace in which they reside—has said that, in a time of war, we have lost our mind in America, and we are going to now start putting our military at risk of their very lives so they can go gather up evidence to satisfy some bloated judge in a palace in Washington. That is why he made the profound statement that he did in this dissent. b2100 His words will almost certainly cause more Americans to be killed. That is extraordinary. Dear Justice Scalia finished the dissenting opinion by saying: ‘‘Today the Court warps our Constitution in a way that goes beyond the narrow issue of the reach of the Suspension Clause, invoking judicially brainstormed separationofpowers principles to establish a manipulable ‘functional’ test for the extra territorial reach of habeas corpus (and, no doubt, for the extraterritorial reach of other constitutional protections as well). It blatantly misdescribes important precedents, most conspicuously Justice Jackson’s opinion for the Court in Johnson v. Eisentrager. It breaks a chain of precedent as old as the common law that prohibits judicial inquiry into the detention of aliens abroad absent statutory authorization. And, most tragically, it sets our military commanders the impossible task of proving to a civilian court, under whatever standards this Court devises in the future, that evidence supports the confinement of each and every enemy prisoner. ‘‘The Nation will live to regret what the Court has done today. I dissent.’’ What a magnificent man. What a brilliant man with extraordinary common sense. So, Mr. Speaker, my staff helped me. We have all been picking out favorite quotes that Justice Scalia has provided, both in written opinion and in speeches. One of Justice Scalia’s statements was: ‘‘Never compromise your principles, unless, of course, your principles are Adolph Hitler’s, in which case you would be welladvised to compromise them as much as you can.’’ Another statement by Justice Scalia was: ‘‘More important than your obligation to follow your conscience, or at least prior to it, is your obligation to form your conscience correctly.’’ Justice Scalia said: ‘‘You think there ought to be a right to abortion? No problem. The Constitution says nothing about it. Create it the way most rights are created in a democratic society. Pass a law. And that law, unlike a constitutional right to abortion created by a court can compromise.’’ Justice Scalia said: ‘‘A Constitution is not meant to facilitate change. It is meant to impede change, to make it difficult to change.’’ Brilliant statement. Some think the Constitution is a living, breathing document. I have discussed this over at the Supreme Court palace with him, and I have discussed it with him at lunches, breakfasts. There are a handful of special privileges that I count myself blessed to have been able to enjoy, and one of those handful has been time spent with Justice Scalia. He had an incredible sense of humor. He could crack me up. Most of the time, he meant to. Sometimes his sarcasm was just too humorous not to laugh. And he attacked himself with selfeffacing humor. He said this: ‘‘I attack ideas. I don’t attack people. And some very good people have some very bad ideas. And if you can’t separate the two, you’ve gotta get another day job.’’ He was a funny man, but a brilliant man. God blessed that man with wisdom. Justice Scalia said: ‘‘I love to argue. I’ve always loved to argue. And I love to point out the weaknesses of the opposing arguments. It may well be that I’m something of a shin kicker. It may well be that I’m something of a contrarian.’’ He said: ‘‘Well, we didn’t set out to have nine children’’—talking about his beautiful family. He said: ‘‘We’re just oldfashioned Catholics, you know.’’ Justice Scalia said: ‘‘I think Thomas Jefferson would have said the more speech, the better. That’s what the First Amendment is all about.’’ Today I see around our college campuses conservatives like me are often shunned. I am grateful to have been invited to speak at Oxford in England and at Cambridge. But it is amazing that places like my conservative Texas A&M, there are students there—much fewer there, but all over the country at what are supposed to be enlightened universities—that don’t want to hear any view different from themselves. When I was at A&M, I mean, I helped host Ralph Nader. I didn’t agree with him on much, but I loved the exchange with him, the thoughts that went back and forth. He was a very intriguing man. We weren’t afraid of discussions with liberals. It is one of the things I loved about Justice Scalia. He was so brilliant, so 
grounded. His faith was so strongly standing on God’s Word, the Bible. He knew who he was. He knew whose he was, and he knew whose was his, and he loved his family dearly. Justice Scalia said: ‘‘Undoubtedly, some think that the Second Amendment is outmoded in a society where our standing army is the pride of our Nation, where welltrained police forces provide personal security, and where gun violence is a serious problem. That is perhaps debatable, but what is not debatable is that it is not the role of this Court to pronounce the Second Amendment extinct.’’ It was absolutely a great dissent. Pointing out the hypocrisy, the flawed thinking, the incredible poor quality of the writing in the majority opinion in the ObamaCare decision, Justice Scalia said: ‘‘This Court, however, concludes that this limitation would prevent the rest of the act from working as well as hoped. So it rewrites the law to make tax credits available everywhere. We should start calling this law SCOTUSCare instead of ObamaCare.’’ The Supreme Court of the U.S. care, how about that? He went on to say: ‘‘Under all the usual rules of interpretation, in short, the government should lose this case. But normal rules of interpretation seem always to yield to the overriding principle of this Court: The Affordable Care Act must be saved.’’ He goes on. It says: ‘‘If a bill is about to pass that really comes down hard on some minority and they think it’s terribly unfair, it doesn’t take much to throw a monkey wrench into this complex system. Americans should appreciate that; they should learn to love the gridlock. It’s there so the legislation that does get out is good legislation.’’ Mr. Speaker, it brings to mind a discussion I heard him have with some people from my district, some senior citizens that were coming to Washington, 50 or 60. They had asked me: They say you are friends with Justice Scalia. Do you think we could meet him? I felt comfortable enough to call him. He said: Sure. Bring them. So we worked it out, brought them through the side entrance, came into a meeting room. They were all seated there when Justice Scalia came walking in. He leans up against the table in front of them, and they were kind of in awe because they knew how brilliant Justice Scalia was. He said: Well, you wanted to meet me. Here I am. What questions have you got? It kind of took the group aback, so people were struggling to try to come up with a question. Finally, one of them said: Well, Justice Scalia, wouldn’t you say that we are the freest Nation in the history of the world because we have the best Bill of Rights? In typical Scalia style, he said: Oh, gosh, no. The Soviet Union had a much better bill of rights than we have got. It guaranteed a lot more freedoms than we have. And I’ve forgotten, but in college I made an A on a paper that discussed the Soviet constitution and the bill of rights. He was right. That old Soviet bill of rights guaranteed all kinds of rights, but it didn’t protect them. He went on to say—and I am not quoting exactly—but the gist of what he had to say is, now, the reason America is the most free Nation in the history of the world is because the Founders didn’t trust the government, so they made it as difficult as they could to pass a law. It wasn’t enough to have one House; they wanted two Houses, and not like England where one of them doesn’t have all that much authority. They wanted two Houses where either one of them could stop a law from being passed. So even if one House were successful in finally getting a majority of people to agree on a law, then the other House would have to agree, and they could stop it completely in its tracks. That wasn’t good enough. They wanted another check and balance, another way to stop law. They wanted to create gridlock. So they said: You know what? We don’t want a parliamentarian system where the legislators elect a prime minister. No. We want an executive elected totally different from the legislature. So we will have him elected in a whole different way, and then he can stop any law they may try to pass. And that is not good enough. Let’s create another branch, the judiciary branch, and then they can nix anything that is passed. No, we are the most free Nation in history because the Founders didn’t trust government and they made it as hard as possible to pass laws. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. Justice Scalia says in one of his dissents: ‘‘I have exceeded the speed limit on occasion.’’ He said: ‘‘A man who has no enemies is probably not a very good man.’’ He said: ‘‘If you read the rest of the section, you would say, to find a way to find a meaning that the language will bear that will uphold the constitutionality. You don’t interpret a penalty to be a pig. It can’t be a pig.’’ He did know how to bring things back to tangible terms. He said: ‘‘If you’re going to be a good and faithful judge, you have to resign yourself to the fact that you’re not always going to like the conclusions you reach. If you like them all the time, you’re probably doing something wrong.’’ I’ve experienced that myself. There were times I disagreed with the law, but it was constitutionally made and passed, and I followed the law as a judge and chief justice. That is exactly what he did. In a dissent in 1996, Justice Scalia said: ‘‘The Court must be living in an another world. Day by day, case by case, it is busy designing a Constitution for a country I do not recognize.’’ Ten years later, in 2006, he says: ‘‘So the question comes up, is there a constitutional right to have homosexual conduct? Not a hard question for me. It’s absolutely clear that nobody ever thought when the Bill of Rights was adopted that it gave a right to homosexual conduct. Homosexual conduct was criminal for 200 years in every State. Easy question.’’ He made those statements in remarks at the University of Fribourg, Switzerland, back in 2006. In 2009, he said: ‘‘The Court today continues its quixotic quest to right all wrongs and repair all imperfections through the Constitution. Alas, the quest cannot succeed.’’ He also said: ‘‘This case, involving legal requirements of the content and labeling of meat products such as frankfurters affords a rare opportunity to explore simultaneously both parts of Bismarck’s aphorism that ‘no man should see how laws or sausages are made.’’’ He said: ‘‘God has been very good to us. One of the reasons God has been good to us is that we have done him honor.’’ Certainly, Justice Scalia did God honor. A lot of people don’t realize what a tenderhearted man he was as well. After the horrendous murder of Justice Michael Luttig’s father and the assault and attempted murder of his mother in their own garage, two streets over from my house, the family did not want to call Michael and describe the horrors that had been inflicted on his father and mother. b2115 Middle of the night, Justice Scalia is in bed. Justice Scalia gets called, would he go out to Michael Luttig, Judge Luttig’s house, and let him know in the wee hours of the morning that his father had been killed. Justice Scalia, for whom Judge Luttig had clerked, he knew Michael Luttig loved him. He put on his warmup suit and went out in the middle of the night many miles away because he cared. As I conclude, Mr. Speaker, I thought about the words of John Quincy Adams in the Amistad case. He didn’t think he had won the case. He was finishing. He was afraid he had not done an adequate job defending these Africans who should be free and should be free to go where they wanted without chains, without bondage. So he finished his argument by saying, and this is John Quincy Adams, 1841, in the Supreme Court: ‘‘As I cast my eyes along those seats of honor and public trust, now occupied by you, they seek in vain for one of those honored and honorable persons whose indulgence listened then to my voice. Marshall, Cushing, Chase, Washington, Johnson, Livingston, Todd— where are they? Where is that eloquent 
statesman and learned lawyer who was my associate counsel in the management of that cause, Robert Goodloe Harper? Where is that brilliant luminary, so long the pride of Maryland and of the American Bar, then my opposing counsel, Luther Martin? Where is the excellent clerk of that day, whose name has been inscribed on the shores of Africa, as a monument of his abhorrence of the African slave trade Elias B. Caldwell? Where is the marshal? Where are the criers of the Court? Alas, where is one of the very judges of the Court, arbiters of life and death, before whom I commenced the anxious argument, even now prematurely closed? Where are they all? Gone. Gone. All gone. Gone from the services which, in their day and generation, they faithfully rendered to their country. I humbly hope, and fondly trust, that they have gone to receive the rewards of blessedness on high.’’ In taking, then, his final leave of the bar there at the Supreme Court, John Quincy Adams said he hoped that every member of the Supreme Court may go to his final account with as little of earthly frailty to answer for as those illustrious dead. And he said: ‘‘That you may, every one, after the close of a long and virtuous career in this world, be received at the portals of the next with the approving sentence: ‘Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.’’’ Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt whatsoever that Justice Antonin Scalia, my friend, our friend, the luminary of the Supreme Court, heard those words days ago: ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. PERRY (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of attending a funeral. Mr. HASTINGS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through February 26. Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2451. An act to designate the area between the intersections of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, Northwest and International Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 644. An act to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 19 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pursuant to House Resolution 620, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., for morninghour debate, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States of America. 
RULES AND REPORTS SUBMITTED PURSUANT TO THE CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT 
[Omitted from the R ECORD of February 8, 2016] 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
to better assist small business customers in accessing broadband technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. KENNEDY , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ARBANES , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 4588. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide the same level of Federal matching assistance for every State that chooses to expand Medicaid coverage to newly eligible individuals, regardless of when such expansion takes place; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 4589. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the cap on the Medicare Advantage star rating bonuses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4590. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appropriations are being made for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4591. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into agreements with certain health care providers to furnish hospital care, medical services, and extended care to veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. NEAL (for himself and Mr. ROONEYof Florida): H.R. 4592. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th Anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4593. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a payroll tax exemption for hiring longterm unemployed individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. REED): H.R. 4594. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make college affordable and accessible; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. BENISHEK , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. HIGGINS , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. KIND, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. JOYCE , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. L IPINSKI ): H.R. 4595. A bill to authorize the Director of the United States Geological Survey to conduct monitoring, assessment, science, and research, in support of the binational fisheries within the Great Lakes Basin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and Mr. CARSON of Indiana): H. Con. Res. 117. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. FORBES: H. Res. 615. A resolution expressing support for the Senate regarding the importance of selecting a Supreme Court Justice, and urging the Senate to only consider a nominee who will uphold the integrity of the Constitution in judicial decisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself and Ms. LEE): H. Res. 616. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the necessity to publically exonerate the African American sailors of the United States Navy who were tried and convicted of mutiny in connection with their service at the Port Chicago Naval Magazine in Concord, California, during World War II in order to further aid in healing the racial divide that continues to exist in the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H. Res. 617. A resolution providing for authority to initiate litigation for actions by the President or other executive branch officials inconsistent with their duties under the Constitution of the United States with respect to the unlawful transfer of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 620. A resolution expressing the profound sorrow of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable Antonin Scalia, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H. Res. 621. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the future of the Supreme Court; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mrs. DAVIS of California): H. Res. 622. A resolution encouraging people in the United States to recognize March 2, 2016, as Read Across America Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. BARTON , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. COSTA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. HONDA , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. PETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. RUSH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. T ONKO ): H. Res. 623. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Engineers Week; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
172. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Resolution No. 128, urging the United States Congress to overturn recent executive actions put forth by the President concerning gun control; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 173. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 7, urging the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and the United States Congress to create a pilot program in Michigan instituting a flexible Veterans Choice Card system structured similar to a traditional health care program for all veterans in Michigan; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 4580. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 4581. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 4582. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (relating to regulating commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 4583. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 4584. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8, ‘‘. . . to provide the common defense and general welfare of the United States’’ By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 4585. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DOLD: H.R. 4586. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GIBSON: H.R. 4587. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 4588. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 4589. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the United States Constitution By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4590. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 4591. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4592. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulsate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;’’ By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4593. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 4594. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 4595. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mrs. B LACK and Mr. Z INKE. H.R. 131: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 210: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 249: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 267: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 448: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 546: Mr. BUCHANAN and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 563: Mr. VARGAS , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 581: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 592: Mr. LAMALFA and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 605: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida and Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 624: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 654: Mr. CRENSHAW , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 664: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 711: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 764: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 775: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. CRENSHAW . H.R. 799: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 814: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 841: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 864: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 865: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 911: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 921: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. H OLDING . H.R. 927: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 997: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 1088: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1093: Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 1095: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 1098: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 1171: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 1188: Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Mr. H IGGINS. H.R. 1218: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 1221: Mr. FORBES . H.R. 1247: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 1301: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 1343: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 1391: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 1457: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. NADLER . H.R. 1475: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. HIGGINS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. TURNER , Mr. L AHOOD, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. BUCHANAN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 1559: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 1567: Mr. RANGEL and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 1655: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 1686: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 1718: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1763: Mr. MCDERMOTT and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1769: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1854: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 1887: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 1941: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 1943: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2102: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2156: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2170: Mr. LEVIN and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. H.R. 2191: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2193: Mr. CA´RDENAS and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2218: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2236: Mr. GRIJALVA and Ms. J UDYCHU of California. H.R. 2257: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts and Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 2278: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 2404: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 2500: Mr. GRIFFITH and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 2515: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 2516: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 2539: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 2540: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2622: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 2633: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2646: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 2656: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2680: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 2711: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 2715: Mr. VELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. CLEAVER , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 2745: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 2759: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2799: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 2802: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 2805: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 2846: Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 2867: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 2894: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 2896: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 2901: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2903: Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. C OOK, Mr. FARR, and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 2911: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 2939: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 2956: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 2972: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3012: Mr. MESSER and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 3026: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 3029: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 3080: Mr. PAULSEN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. REED. H.R. 3119: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and Mr. RIGELL . H.R. 3123: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 3137: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala bama, and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 3150: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 3151: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 3193: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 3225: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3299: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 3308: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 3326: Mr. PITTENGER and Mrs. B LACK BURN . H.R. 3351: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 3355: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 3381: Mrs. LOWEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. PITTENGER , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3399: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 3439: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 3541: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 3542: Mr. RANGEL and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 3556: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 3643: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 3655: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 3687: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3694: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3706: Ms. TSONGAS and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 3710: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 3713: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 3779: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3790: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3799: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3805: Mr. HINOJOSA . H.R. 3817: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 3892: Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. M ICA, Mr. PETERSON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 3924: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 3926: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 3946: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 3977: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3978: Mr. VELA. H.R. 4007: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 4013: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4018: Mr. CUELLAR and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4063: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 4089: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 4116: Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 4126: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. FLORES , Mr. M ICA, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. SALMON . H.R. 4138: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 4140: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4144: Mr. KILMER and Mr. M CDERMOTT . H.R. 4160: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 4165: Mr. HANNA . H.R. 4167: Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 4172: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 4183: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 4184: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4212: Mr. PETERS and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 4219: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 4223: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4230: Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 4238: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 4247: Mr. HUNTER and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 4249: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4262: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia and Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 4263: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 4278: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4293: Mr. PAULSEN and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4294: Mr. MACARTHUR , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. PAULSEN , and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4298: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4336: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. COLE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, and Mr. S MITH of New Jer sey. H.R. 4352: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. RIGELL , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. KEATING , Mr. S ALMON , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C OFFMAN, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 4362: Mr. OLSON and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia. H.R. 4364: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 4371: Mr. HOLDING , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. WALKER . 
H.R. 4377: Mr. M ULVANEY . H.R. 4380: Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4381: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. LOVE, and Mr. K LINE. H.R. 4390: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4398: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 4400: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4401: Mr. HIGGINS . H.R. 4402: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4403: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 4408: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4420: Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 4424: Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. POCAN , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 4430: Ms. SPEIER and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 4448: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4456: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4461: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 4465: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 4471: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 4479: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. KAPTUR , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 4480: Mr. KILMER and Mr. F ARR. H.R. 4488: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , Mr. FATTAH , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4491: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. NORTON , Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4502: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 4519: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 4521: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. CLYBURN , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Mr. GOWDY . H.R. 4525: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 4534: Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 4537: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 4539: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 4543: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4550: Mr. BRADY of Texas. H.R. 4552: Mr. CRENSHAW . H.R. 4555: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 4570: Mr. ROKITA and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4578: Ms. HAHNand Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.J. Res. 23: Mr. PASCRELL . H.J. Res. 50: Mr. WENSTRUP . H. Con. Res. 19: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. CONAWAY and Mr. C ULBERSON . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. MULVANEY . H. Con. Res. 101: Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Res. 28: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 112: Mr. RANGEL . H. Res. 148: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. TEDLIEU of California, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mrs. L OWEY . H. Res. 214: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. V EASEY . H. Res. 289: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H. Res. 428: Mr. ELLISON . H. Res. 540: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 541: Ms. MOORE and Ms. N ORTON . H. Res. 551: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ROWLEY, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. CRENSHAW , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. SARBANES , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. SCHIFF , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. LEVIN. H. Res. 565: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H. Res. 569: Mr. O’ROURKE and Mr. L EVIN. H. Res. 591: Mr. VELA, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. VALADAO , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. E MMER of Min nesota, Mr. GROTHMAN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. CLEAVER , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. U PTON , Mr. MULLIN , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H. Res. 593: Mr. LOEBSACK . H. Res. 608: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. VARGAS . H. Res. 610: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BUCK The amendment to be offered by Representative Buck, or a designee, to H.R. 3624, the ‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act,’’ does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. WITTMAN  My amendment to H.R. 2406 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S925 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2016 No. 28 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 