Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor an extraordinary public servant, Anita Datar, who was tragically killed late last year during the despicable terrorist attack at the Radisson Blu Hotel in Bamako, Mali. Anita, only 41 years old, was senior director for field programs for the international development firm, Palladium. She went to Mali on a USAID supported research project focused on women’s reproductive health. Raised in New Jersey, Anita devoted her entire career to international public health and development. She started as a Peace Corps volunteer in Senegal, and then continued to travel throughout subSaharan Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean, helping vulnerable communities escape poverty and disease. Anita founded a nonprofit organization that connects lowincome women in developing countries to quality 
health services. She was especially committed to expanding access to family planning services and treating and preventing HIV. Anita’s son, Rohan, is in the gallery today with his father, David. They will join Anita’s friends and colleagues at a reception this evening at the U.S. Institute of Peace to remember Anita and celebrate the mark her work left on so many. Rohan recently moved to my home district in New York. Rohan, we are proud and honored to have you in our community. Your mom made the world a better place through her passion, spirit, and dedication to helping others. Her selfless commitment to service is one of the many indelible legacies Anita bestowed on Rohan and all those who had the honor of knowing her. I would also note that the Senate passed, on February 1, 2016, a bipartisan resolution, S. Res. 347, honoring the memory and legacy of Anita Ashok Datar; condemning the terrorist attack in Bamako, Mali, on November 20, 2015; and extending heartfelt condolences and prayers to the family, friends, and colleagues of Anita Ashok Datar, particularly her son, Rohan; and the individuals touched by the life of Anita Ashok Datar or affected by her death, including the dedicated development professionals and volunteers that continue to selflessly engage in critical humanitarian and development efforts. The text of S. Res. 347 can be found on pages S134–S135 of the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD , dated Wednesday, January 20, 2016. We will continue to be inspired by Anita’s dedication to helping others. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O merciful God, for giving us another day. In these days after Memorial Day, we thank You again for the ultimate sacrifices of so many of our citizen ancestors. Bless their families with Your consolation. Bless, as well, the men and women who serve our Nation this day in our Armed Forces. O God, You have blessed every person with the full measure of Your Grace and given us the bounty of Your Spirit. We pray, especially today, for Your children here in the U.S. but also across the world who are lacking in the nutrition to develop and grow as human persons, fully alive. May we who have so much work to provide bread for the world, especially for those in the first 1,000 days of their lives, from conception to early childhood. As the Members of this people’s House return from the Memorial Day adjournment, bless them with the wisdom and perseverance to attend to the pressing needs of all who hunger and thirst, for sustenance, and for justice. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
REMEMBERING A TRUE MINNESOTAN (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember the life of St. Cloud native Wheelock Whitney. Mr. Whitney devoted his life to the State of Minnesota and to our community. Wheelock Whitney was born in St. Cloud, Minnesota, and joined the Navy following high school. After serving his country, he attended Yale University and went on to become the successful CEO of J.M. Dain & Company until he retired in 1972. Wheelock’s passions, however, expanded far past business. He served as the mayor of Wayzata, Minnesota, and ran for the U.S. Senate in 1964. He also ran for Governor of the State of Minnesota in 1982. Wheelock was active in politics throughout his long life. He was also a baseball enthusiast and was instrumental in bringing our beloved Twins to Minnesota. While Wheelock will, undoubtedly, be remembered for his successful career and many endeavors, many of us will remember him for his charity. Among his many charitable efforts, Wheelock served as the chairman of the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence, and he cofounded the Johnson Institute, which helps fight addiction. Wheelock Whitney was a man with a great heart. He lived to help others and strived to make Minnesota a wonderful place to live, and we will all miss him. f 
THE FAILURE OF HOUSE REPUBLICANS IN CONGRESS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, Republicans in Congress have failed to pass a budget or to adequately address the health crises that we have brewing in this country, including one in my own hometown of Flint, Michigan. Now, this week, Speaker RYANis trying to distract the focus from Republican Party leader and presumptive nominee Donald Trump’s racist and bigoted remarks toward Mexican Americans and Muslim Americans. Releasing white papers is not enough to offset what the leader of your party is saying every day about American citizens. Last week, for example, Donald Trump questioned the ability of an American Federal judge to do his job— this is a direct quote—because ‘‘he’s a Mexican.’’ He even doubled down on this extreme position, questioning whether a Muslim American judge could also properly do his job based on his religion, based on his beliefs. These are deeply troubling, racist, unAmerican comments that cannot be tolerated, that cannot be accepted. Honestly, if I felt as if the leadership in the House were doing its job to overcome that so as to do its own job and not align with those sorts of statements by allowing its own legislation to fail because of the willingness to fly the Confederate flag, it would be far more acceptable. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia). The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities towards presumptive nominees for the Office of the President. 
SPEAKER RYAN’S ‘‘A BETTER WAY’’ AGENDA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week, Speaker of the House PAUL DAVIS RYAN presented a positive program on what Republicans support—A Better Way—which is our vision for a confident America. Speaker RYANhas outlined a bold Republican agenda that advances meaningful reforms to address poverty, to protect national security, to grow our economy and create jobs, to defend the Constitution, to improve health care, and to reform the Tax Code. The A Better Way program will provide positive opportunities for American families 
and will chart the course that challenges all Americans to reach their full potential. The American Dream should be true for everyone. All should have a chance to make the most of their lives no matter how they start. The optimistic agenda of creating jobs will get America back on track while addressing some of the most serious challenges of our time. I appreciate Speaker RYAN’s work to make this a positive and inclusive process by collecting feedback from citizens across the country for A Better Way. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
REMEMBERING COY LUTZ (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the tragic loss and in memory of 19 yearold Coy Lutz, a young man from my hometown of Howard, Pennsylvania, who was killed in a New Jersey rodeo accident. Coy was a fourtime national qualifier and a twotime Pennsylvania State champion in High School Rodeo Associations. He was also a 2015 graduate of the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology. He continued his education at the University of Tennessee at Martin, where he was majoring in criminal justice. At the University of Tennessee, Coy was also pursuing his passion for rodeo. Following his death, the university’s rodeo coach, John Luthi, said, ‘‘Even though he was only here for 1 year, his impact will always be felt here at UT Martin. He was a super human being who always took care of his business. It’s hard to imagine why something like this had to happen, but we have faith that God is in control.’’ My thoughts and prayers remain with the Lutz family, including Coy’s parents, Doug and Sabine, along with his sisters, Melanie and Laura. 
PFEIFER KIWANIS CAMP AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR SANFORD TOLLETTE (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the dedicated and exceptional work of Mr. Sanford Tollette, the executive director of the Joseph Pfeifer Kiwanis Camp in Arkansas. The camp provides atrisk and underprivileged children throughout Arkansas with the opportunity to enhance their education while experiencing nature and the great outdoors. Originally a summer camp, Mr. Tollette has transformed it into a yearround residential academic intervention program. A grateful mother from Arkansas recently shared with me the powerful impact that the camp has had on her daughter’s development, allowing her to better interact with her friends and her classmates. Further, the camp has provided critical guidance and information to the mother to help her with her child’s development. Under his leadership, the camp has provided thousands of young Arkansans with the opportunity to grow, learn, and build lasting friendships. I commend Mr. Tollette for his fruitful efforts, and I look forward to his continued success. f 
b1545 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) at 3 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5338) to reduce passenger wait times at airports, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5338 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act of 2016’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that airport checkpoint wait times should not take priority over the security of the Nation’s aviation system. 
For purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘aviation security stakeholders’’ shall mean, at a minimum, air carriers, airport operators, and labor organizations representing Transportation Security Officers or, where applicable, contract screeners. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing or directing the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to prioritize reducing wait times over security effectiveness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We have all seen, heard about, or even experienced for ourselves the recent crisis of wait times at TSA checkpoints at airports across this great Nation. With record passenger volumes, inefficient staffing models, and collaboration challenges with airports and airlines, the TSA has found itself stretched way too thin. The fact of the matter is that security effectiveness and efficiency are not mutually exclusive. Now that the summer holiday season is upon us, it is imperative that we move to alleviate the nightmarish scenarios that have been playing out at airports across the United States in recent months. Passengers should not be missing flights due to long security lines when they are arriving to the airport 2 hours prior to their flights. Similarly, airports should not be approaching an operational ground stop related to TSA checkpoint lines. Also, they should not be having to sleep overnight on cots, in airports, because of TSA snafus. The House has already passed important legislation to expand TSA PreCheck, which is still awaiting passage in the Senate. Getting more passengers enrolled in PreCheck is essential to security and efficiency by identifying lowrisk travelers and expediting them through screening. Today, we have the opportunity to act again and swiftly. When I came to Congress, I made a commitment to my constituents to tackle problems headon and get things done. A few weeks ago, my colleagues and I had convened representatives from airports and airlines from across this country to discuss this wait time crisis and to hear directly from them what they think needs to be done to help. The message was consistent, and it was loud: the TSA needs to collaborate with individual airlines and airport authorities to coordinate sufficient staffing levels on a local basis. We heard their message. This bill will require the TSA to maximize all of its available resources and give airports, airlines, and labor organizations a seat at the table to ensure those resources are being utilized and allocated in the most effective and efficient manner. The Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act will make a meaningful impact in shortening the burdensome security wait times being experienced by Americans who travel through airports across this country. It is critical that Congress act to swiftly get this bill to the President’s desk. Specifically, this legislation redeploys TSA assets, such as behavior detection officers, of which there are 3,000, and K–9 teams so that more personnel are made available to perform screening functions. Further, the bill grants additional flexibility to local TSA supervisors in order to empower them to make decisions on an airport byairport basis, rather than a top down approach from TSA headquarters. This bill will also direct the TSA to undergo a comprehensive workforce assessment and report to Congress to ensure that the agency is deploying personnel in the most riskbased manner. The TSA must also share its staffing practices with airport operators, airlines, and labor organizations in order to enhance the coordination between peak travel times, flight schedules, and TSA checkpoint staffing. Mr. Speaker, this wait time crisis is an issue that touches airports across this great country, and a swift response to problems like this is what the American people sent us here to accomplish. This legislation implements commonsense practices while preventing a onesizefitsall approach to aviation security. Above all, the bill explicitly states that security is paramount and that wait times should not be prioritized at the expense of effective security screening. I thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. MCCAUL, for his strong support of this legislation and for ensuring that it was a top priority for the committee. Additionally, I thank Ranking Member RICE and Representative KEATING for their bipartisan support on this bill. I also thank the ranking minority member on the Homeland Security Committee, my colleague who works with us hand in hand again and again on these matters, Mr. THOMPSON . We are here, before Congress, passing yet another bill in a bipartisan manner. This is what Congress is supposed to do, and I thank Mr. THOMPSON for his support. I also express thanks to each of the bill’s cosponsors for recognizing the importance of this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5338, the Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act of 2016. Over the past few months, the Transportation Security Administration has been scrutinized and criticized regarding wait times. As the peak travel season began, there were several reports of wait times that exceeded 2 hours. Those lengthy waits caused anxiety and disappointment among travelers. At times, the prolonged wait times caused many passengers to miss their flights. In response to this crisis, the Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administration took a series of actions. The TSA deployed additional K–9 teams to screen passengers at checkpoints; it intensified its efforts to promote participation in the PreCheck program; it partnered more closely with airlines and airports; and it increased research and development efforts for technologies that will improve screening. This bill codifies many of those actions. However, it does not encompass 
the entirety of the Department’s efforts to address the wait times crisis. DHS Secretary Johnson also requested that $34 million in appropriations be reprogrammed from other TSA accounts to help cover the costs for overtime, converting parttime workers to fulltime, and expediting the hiring of new transportation security officers. DHS’ request was approved. Just 2 weeks after the reprogramming, Secretary Johnson requested an additional infusion of cash to TSA operations of $28 million. That reprogramming request is pending. The infusion of $34 million in additional resources into TSA security operations has had a tremendous impact on wait times at the Nation’s airports. In fact, during the Memorial Day weekend, most airports reported wait times of less than 30 minutes during peak time. If the TSA is to maintain the operational gains that have been realized in recent weeks and keep wait times down, it will require Congress’ stepping up and providing resources. Even though the measures within this bill will codify much of what the TSA and the DHS are already doing to address the issue, the only way to achieve long term, measurable success is by giving the TSA the resources it needs on an ongoing basis. The TSA’s current staffing is out of step with its own projection for volumes in fiscal year 2016. As you can see from the poster, the TSA’s staffing in fiscal year 2016 was 42,525 TSOs, which is nearly 2,500 fewer frontline staff than in fiscal year 2011. The TSA is expected to screen nearly 100 million more passengers in FY 2016, with about 2,500 fewer staff. That is why I joined with Representative DEFAZIO and Representative DOLD in introducing H.R. 5340, the FASTER Act, which is bipartisan legislation that directs the money that is collected from the flying public through the September 11 Security Fee to actually be used to secure the Nation’s commercial aviation system. Unfortunately, a significant portion of the funds collected, which has totaled $12.6 billion over 10 years, is being diverted to offset the Federal budget. I urge Members to support H.R. 5340, the FASTER Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOYCE ). Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5338, the Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act of 2016. Every week, when I come and go from the Cleveland airport, I worry about the chaotic lines and the long wait times in security. I am glad for the opportunity to speak in support of legislation that intends to alleviate this evergrowing problem. I am increasingly hearing from constituents about the frustration of subjecting oneself to air travel. Traveling with children is even more stressful, as my wife and I can empathize with. Missing a flight because of ridiculously long lines at security is unacceptable. At the same time, we need a system that guarantees passenger safety. It is all of our jobs here in Congress to ensure that our constituents are safe, and it is the responsibility of TSA officers to ensure travelers are thoroughly screened. This legislation will boost their efficiency in doing so. Reviewing the TSA’s staffing model is necessary to determine best practices and implement them as soon as possible. This legislation increases transparency and accountability. Examining bigpicture problems with the current system and tackling the issues at the source will help to reduce passenger wait times and will ensure the safety of all of our constituents. This legislation presents a commonsense approach in addressing the airport wait times issue, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5338. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD). Mr. DOLD. I, certainly, thank my good friend from New York for yielding the time. I thank my friend from Mississippi, who talked a little bit before about the bill that we are working on together, that being the FASTER Act, which I do believe is a step in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, I represent a district just north of Chicago, so the airport that I go in and out of right now is Chicago’s O’Hare—the busiest airport in the country. In fact, we believe about 77 million passengers are going to go through O’Hare this year—77 million. It is not uncommon, obviously, for me to go there and have extremely long wait times at the TSA. Unfortunately, what we have seen more recently is these wait times continuing to build— to build so much that, actually, the wait time is longer than the flight, itself, which, to me, is completely unacceptable. Frankly, the American public deserves a little bit more accountability. Over the past few weeks, these long wait times, obviously, have been exacerbated, so we have put on a Band Aid—a patch—to try to make sure that we have a little bit more staffing at some of these busiest of airports around the country, and we have seen those wait times come down. Yet what we do know is that people are missing their flights. People who have missed their flights, at least in the last couple of weeks, have been able to be put on flights without too much inconvenience. If this were to happen this summer, the chances are, at least from the airlines, they wouldn’t be able to get on their flights for a week or more, which could completely disrupt family vacations and the like. The current screening procedures need to be updated to ensure that we protect passengers from terrorist threats and to make sure that passengers are screened in the most efficient manner possible. This is, really, a twopronged approach. In one, my friend from Mississippi talked about the FASTER Act, which is, again, trying to make sure that the resources that passengers pay are actually going toward the TSA to make sure that it has the manpower necessary to do the screening. Today’s bill, the Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act, will go a long way towards ensuring that the TSA updates the screening procedures to improve customer service at the Nation’s busiest airports. This bill will ensure that TSA position screeners are where they are needed most, which, I think, is absolutely critical. The bill will allow the TSA to reallocate K–9 teams to the Nation’s busiest airports or where they are needed. K–9 detecting teams are a vital tool in ensuring the quick and effective screening of passengers. Mr. Speaker, just this last week, I was at O’Hare. I went down and had an opportunity to talk with some of the K–9 screeners in Chicago. One actually came from Fairbanks, Alaska, and the other one came in from Cincinnati. b1600 There is no question that there was a huge issue at O’Hare that needed to be rectified, and what this legislation does—and the gentleman from New York proposes—will allow that flexibility to happen. Finally, I want to just talk about the TSA’s Federal Security Directors and making sure that they are placed at the busiest airports and have some of the flexibility that they need to make the staffing decisions that are best for the people. The bill today, I believe, will go a long way toward alleviating the crisis at our busiest airports around the country and will help make sure that our hourslong wait times will be reduced and diminished. I certainly hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will support this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, the measure under consideration will codify much of what the Department and TSA have been doing to address wait times at our Nation’s airports. Thankfully, through bipartisan negotiations on this measure, we were able to ensure that when local airport working groups are stood up, the voices of the airport operators, air carriers, and those who represent the men and women on the front lines of aviation security would be heard. Also, I am pleased that the bill, as amended, takes a broader view on how behavior detection officers could be used at our airports. I have long been skeptical of TSA’s investment in the Behavior Detection Officer program, 
given the risks of racial or ethnic profiling and the lack of science to back TSA’s claim of this security effectiveness. I am pleased that Chairman KATKO  was receptive to repurposing this position, at the Federal Security Director’s discretion, to any alternate position within TSA’s checkpoint screening functions. I, once again, urge Members to support H.R. 5340, the FASTER Act, as it will ensure that TSA receives funding it needs to acquire and maintain staff and resources to efficiently carry out its mission without compromising security effectiveness. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. The threats facing our Nation’s aviation system are constantly changing and adapting. For this reason, TSA’s mission is not only difficult, but critical to the national security of the United States and the safety of traveling Americans. I, again, wish to thank all of the bipartisan cosponsors of this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, the traveling public is suffering from staggeringly long airport wait times. As the busy summer travel season has begun, I am consistently hearing reports of missed flights, delays, and twohour plus wait times at TSA security checkpoints. This bipartisan legislation includes meaningful reforms that the Homeland Security Committee has identified to address wait times, while making sure that the traveling public remains safe. I also want to encourage the Senate to act on other Housepassed bills that would help alleviate checkpoint wait times. TSA’s Admiral Neffenger testified before my committee that the provisions outlined in H.R. 5338 would help optimize checkpoints and reduce the burden on TSA and passengers. Our bill has also received overwhelming support from transportation stakeholders, such as the airport and airline community. The Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act redeploys TSA personnel to enhance staffing and increase operational capability, allowing more screening lanes to be open. The bill ushers in a new era of transparency and accountability between TSA and its airport and airline stakeholders, while pushing continued expansion of TSA’s PreCheck program, which the House has already sought to expand with the passage of the TSA PreCheck Expansion Act. Mr. Speaker, the President’s recent budget requests have failed to predict the resources that were needed to mitigate this problem before it started. In fact, last year, TSA gave $100 million back to the U.S. Treasury. Now, Secretary Johnson has had to ask Congress for reprogramming requests to alleviate the burden placed on TSA operations. While these reprogramming requests were necessary, I am pleased that this legislation will go a step further by reallocating existing assets in a much more effective manner. I wish to thank Chairman KATKO for his leadership on this important issue, as well as each of the cosponsors of the bill. In particular, I wish to thank Ranking Member RICE and Representative KEATING for lending their support to the bill and for their engagement and work on enhancing transportation security. I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5338, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HELPING HOSPITALS IMPROVE PATIENT CARE ACT OF 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5273) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for regulatory relief under the Medicare program for certain providers of services and suppliers and increased transparency in hospital coding and enrollment data, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5273 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
10–PCS.—The term ‘ICD–10–PCS’ means the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision, Procedure Coding System, and includes a subsequent revision of such International Classification of Diseases, Procedure Coding System.’’. 
of 0.4590 percentage points for discharges occurring during fiscal year 2018 and 0.5 percentage points for discharges occurring during each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. TITLE II—PROVISIONS RELATING TO MEDICARE PART B 
PROFESSIONALS ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘No payment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5273. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today I rise in support of H.R. 5273, the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act, or ‘‘HIPC’’ Act. This bill truly represents a bipartisan effort, and I want to thank the distinguished gentleman from Washington State (Mr. MCDERMOTT ) for working with me on this bill. The bill also fully represents what the Speaker has often called true regular order. Prior to introducing H.R. 5273, the Ways and Means Committee held three hearings on topics included in the bill during the 114th Congress, and the committee recently marked up the bill in a unanimous way. H.R. 5273 strikes the right balance of preserving siteneutral payment policy, which I support, and providing essential relief for hospitals that were caught up in this policy change from last year’s budget deal. Specifically, this bill helps many hospitals around the country and in my State of Ohio, including a facility by OhioHealth and Nationwide Children’s Hospital that was started a year ago, last summer, and will benefit from full outpatient payments under the bill, as they had planned to when they dug the hole for their facility. Further, the James Cancer Hospital, part of my alma mater at Ohio State University, will have their cancer designation protected under the bill, along with other designated cancer centers. The bill also touches on three very important themes in the Medicare program: One, giving providers regulatory relief; two, ensuring access in rural areas; and three, protecting Medicare beneficiaries’ access to that important service that people like my mom and dad count on. Under the topic of regulatory relief, we have included three Ways and Means member priorities: Representative DIANE BLACK ’s bill that provides physicians who primarily practice medicine in ambulatory surgical centers relief in the electronic health records program; Representative VERN BUCHANAN ’s bill, ensuring full access to Medicare advantage plans; and finally, Representative MIKE KELLY ’s bill requiring fair and transparent reporting by congressional district on the enrollment of beneficiaries in both the traditional feeforservice Medicare and Medicare Advantage programs. All of these priorities have previously passed the House during the 114th Session. Under the topic of access in rural areas, the bill allows for continuation and expansion of participation in the Rural Community Hospital Demonstration Program. Championed by my colleagues, Senator GRASSLEY in the Senate and Chairman DONYOUNG in the House, this policy is a continuation from the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003. Under the topic of beneficiary access in Medicare, the bill requires the Secretary to revise the preMedicare eligibility notification, adding greater transparency for beneficiaries, which was led by my colleagues, Dr. MCDERMOTT and Representative P AT MEEHAN . Finally, the bill includes two important Member priorities that advance important Medicare hospital issues. The first requires the Secretary to ensure there is proper adjustment for socioeconomic factors. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) has championed this issue for some time. Representative JIMRENACCI ’s policy ensures that the hospital readmissions program provides an applestoapples comparison based on the specific patient population a hospital treats. The second priority, led by our Speaker, PAULRYAN, is the establishment of a crosswalk of hospital codes. Back when Speaker RYAN was the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, he actively pursued Medicare hospital issues. His crosswalk is an important building block of a future system that promises to streamline the operation of hospital services. I encourage my colleagues to pass this legislation, send it to the Senate, and let’s get this to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act. This bill makes important changes that will help hospitals continue to provide highquality care to patients as they implement the recent payment reforms. This is bipartisan legislation unique in itself that I am happy to have introduced with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ). I thank the chairman for his willingness to collaborate on this bill. I also thank the staff of the Ways and Means Committee for their hard work in helping us come to an agreement on language that Members of both parties 
can fully support. This final bill isn’t perfect, but it is truly a bipartisan product that reflects the spirit of compromise. Whenever we head back to our districts, we all hear from our hospitals about the effects that our policies are having back home. Although we made a smart change to hospital payments when we passed the Bipartisan Budget Act last year, we are beginning to recognize the unintended consequences of the legislation. We did not really expect everything that is happening. Many hospitals that were in the process of constructing outpatient departments will be hit with unexpected payment cuts due to the BBA. In addition, many cancer hospitals would be harmed by the new payment rules. This bill fixes these problems in a narrowly tailored way that doesn’t undermine the goals of the BBA. Moving forward, hospitals will no longer be encouraged to consolidate by buying up physician practices for the purpose of billing Medicare at an inflated rate. This is a good policy that is consistent with the recommendations of a GAO report that was released last year. But facilities that were under development when we passed the BBA, as well as cancer hospitals, will be protected from these changes. This isn’t a giveaway to hospitals. The industry will pay the full cost. In addition, this bill makes refinements to the readmissions reduction program. To ensure that hospitals that serve a large number of lowincome patients are not unfairly penalized, the bill will require CMS to make apples toapples comparisons between similar facilities. As we await additional data that will soon be available thanks to the IMPACT Act, this will ensure that the hospitals are not hit with undeserved penalties due to a flawed methodology. Finally, I am happy that we are also able to come to an agreement on a bipartisan improvement to the beneficiary enrollment process. Each year, thousands of people enroll in Medicare; and thanks to this bill, seniors will have more information about their benefit options when they become eligible for Medicare. Providing complete and easytounderstand information is critical. The decisions that beneficiaries make when they enroll in Medicare have serious, longterm implications, including a potential lifetime penalty if they fail to sign up for part B. This bill will also help beneficiaries make informed decisions by improving the Welcome to Medicare package. I, again, thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working together on this bill. I am pleased we were able to craft a bipartisan compromise, and I look forward to continuing to work together on these and other important issues in the weeks ahead. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank Chairman TIBERI  for his kind work. We will miss the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), and I thank him for this bipartisan effort because this is a good bill and I strongly support it. This measure includes many important provisions as you have spoken about. But especially important to Alaska is section 103 language from legislation, H.R. 672, a 5year extension of the Rural Community Hospital Demonstration Program. This demonstration program has worked well and has come to the aid of seniors in Alaska and healthcare providers across rural America. Congress created the program to provide increased Medicare reimbursements for hospitals across the Nation that are too large to be considered Critical Access Hospitals, but too small to be supported by traditional low Medicare margins on inpatient services. b1615 This program has helped three hospitals in Alaska: Central Peninsula of Soldotna, the Bartlett Regional Hospital in Juneau, and Mt. Edgecumbe in Sitka. These hospitals serve a wide variety of patients all across those vast areas. I do believe this is one of the better bipartisan efforts. Go back to the old days when we accomplished things together by talking with one another. It is vital we pass this bipartisan legislation and that the Senate act on it. I would suggest, respectfully, to both my chairman and ranking member, let’s talk to the Senate and see if we can’t get something done. Four hundred bills over there is wrong. This is one that shouldn’t be hung up. I urge all my colleagues to support the passage of this legislation. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS). Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend and congratulate Chairman TIBERI and Ranking Member MCDERMOTT for having put together an outstanding piece of legislation. While we applaud it for being bipartisan, I applaud it because it is good. It actually helps to meet needs that exist. It protects hospitals and gives them the opportunity to provide a better level of patient care. I attended, just last week, the opening of an outpatient center that St. Bernard Hospital in the Englewood community of Chicago had put together. Of course, everybody in the community was there because everybody recognized that innercity hospitals, disproportionate share hospitals, and medical centers that are complex need all of the protection that they can get, and we need to have a better understanding of readmission policies and practices and why some are different than others. These gentlemen have put together a piece of legislation that all of us can be proud of. I strongly support it and thank them for their diligence, for their cooperation, and for their tremendous efforts to do a good bill. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from northeastern Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ), a good friend, an important member of the Committee on Ways and Means, and a leader on the readmission policy dealing with hospitalization. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5273, the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016. I want to thank Chairman BRADY  and my good friend and colleague, Subcommittee Chairman TIBERI , for all their great work to advance this bill, which addresses many concerns in payments to hospitals, and especially outpatient departments. I heard from many of the hospitals in northeast Ohio, including MetroHealth, about the impact this payment policy had on their new facility. I am happy we are able to correct these issues for those facilities already under construction. I also want to thank my colleague from Ohio for including my bill, H.R. 1343—the Establishing Beneficiary Equity in Hospital Readmission Program—in the underlying legislation. The Hospital Readmission Program was created due to concerns that too few resources were being spent on reducing acute care hospital readmissions. While we do want to make sure hospitals are reducing acute care readmissions, we also want to make sure we are not disproportionately penalizing those who see a large number of our most vulnerable patient populations, especially those teaching hospitals who see a large number of dualeligible beneficiaries, lowincome seniors, or young people with disabilities who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid who would have been unintentionally hurt under the current program. Again, I want to thank the chairman for working with me on this readmission component of this bill, but also all of the other important provisions included in this legislation. These are commonsense, bipartisan reforms to improve our healthcare system. I urge all Members to support the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to tell you a little bit about some of the hospital networks in my State of Ohio. Mr. RENACCI talked about some in northeastern Ohio that support this legislation. Let me just name a few hospitals in my State of Ohio that are 
supportive of this legislation: Aultman, headquartered in his district in Canton; the Cleveland Clinic, Kettering Health Network in the Dayton area; Mercy Canton Sisters of Charity; MetroHealth System in Cleveland; OhioHealth, headquartered in Columbus; Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center in Columbus; the University of Cincinnati Health System in Cincinnati; and University Hospitals, headquartered in Cleveland. As was mentioned, this legislation passed the Committee on Ways and Means in a bipartisan manner. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, occasionally we have an extra minute on the floor, and it makes sense to acknowledge some people that we trust and rely upon and we don’t ever mention, so I would like to just say thank you to the Democratic staff: Sarah Levin, Melanie Egorin, Daniel Foster, JC Cannon, and Daniel Jackson; on the Republican side: Emily Murry, Lisa Grabert, Nick Uehlecke, Taylor Trott; to the staff at the CMS who helped put this bill together: Ira Burney, Anne Scott, Lisa Yen. And to the staff at legislative counsel: Ed Grossman—Ed has been there for as long as I have been here, so any bill that gets out of here without Ed looking at it is a pretty rare bill—and Jessica Shapiro is his assistant. The Congressional Budget Office gets in on these deals as well: Tom Bradley, Lori Housman, Kevin McNellis, and Jamease Kowalczyk. I am from Chicago. I should be able to pronounce a Polish name. We appreciate their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, let me just close by saying thank you to Dr. MCDERMOTT . It has been enjoyable to work with his team, led by Amy, and we appreciate the bipartisanship. You mentioned all those names—stole my thunder—Emily and her team, and my staff, Whitney Koch Daffner and Abigail Finn, too, for yeoman’s work. Mr. Speaker, I urge a unanimous vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5273, the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016. First, I’d like to thank Chairman TIBERI and Ranking Member MCDERMOTT for their leadership on this important legislation. At the Ways and Means Committee, we are working to deliver health care solutions that will expand access, increase choices, and improve the quality of care for the American people. The Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act helps advance all three of those goals. And the bill does so in a fiscally responsible manner that helps strengthen and preserve Medicare for the longterm. At its core, our bipartisan legislation is about supporting the delivery of highquality, affordable care to families and seniors throughout the country. It will especially help people who live in lowincome and rural communities. Our bill includes straightforward solutions to help hospitals and health care providers transition to—and preserve—the new siteneutral payment policies. This will give providers the certainty they need to best serve their patients, now and into the future. This bill is an excellent illustration of what we can accomplish through regular order. It’s the product of many innovative solutions, proposed by many members on both sides of the aisle. The solutions in this bill will make a real difference when it comes to the delivery of high quality care for the people of our districts. In fact, the University of Texas’ MD Anderson Cancer Center located in Houston has already embraced this bill. MD Anderson officials said, ‘‘This ensures our ability to continue providing the highest quality and level of cancer care to patients in the communities we serve.’’ And MD Anderson is just one of many hospitals and cancer treatment centers throughout the country that we help with H.R. 5273. This bill is particularly personal for me because it builds from the hospital discussion draft I released as Health Subcommittee Chairman back in November 2014. In the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act, we push forward two critical building blocks of that discussion draft. First, Speaker RYAN’s crosswalk bill that better coordinates care between inpatient and outpatient settings. Second, Congressman JIMRENACCI ’s read mission policy, which helps hospitals in lowincome communities serve their patients. There are still many policies from our hospital discussion draft that are worthy of debate. We’ll continue to work with Members and stakeholders to pursue additional reforms that make our health care system work better for patients and providers in our communities. I’m grateful to all the members—on and off our committee—who worked hard to craft and advance the Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5273, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUPPORTING GOAL OF ENSURING ALL HOLOCAUST VICTIMS LIVE WITH DIGNITY, COMFORT, AND SECURITY Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res 129), expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to this goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 129 Whereas the annihilation of 6,000,000 Jews during the Holocaust and the murder of millions of others by the Nazi German state constitutes one of the most tragic and heinous crimes in human history; Whereas hundreds of thousands of Jews survived persecution by the Nazi regime despite being imprisoned, subjected to slave labor, moved into ghettos, forced to live in hiding or under false identity, forced to live under curfew, or required to wear the ‘‘yellow star’’; Whereas in fear of the oncoming Nazi Einsatzgruppen (‘‘Nazi Killing Squads’’) and the likelihood of extermination, hundreds of thousands of Jewish Nazi victims fled for their lives; Whereas whatever type of persecution suffered by Jews during the Holocaust, the common thread that binds these Holocaust victims is that they were targeted for extermination and that they lived with a constant fear for their lives and the lives of their loved ones; Whereas Holocaust victims immigrated to the United States from Europe, the Middle East and North Africa, and the former Soviet Union from 1933 to today; Whereas it is estimated that there are at least 100,000 Holocaust victims living in the United States and approximately 500,000 living around the world today, including child survivors; Whereas tens of thousands of Holocaust victims are in their 80s or 90s or are more than 100 years in age, and the number of Holocaust victims is diminishing; Whereas at least 50 percent of Holocaust victims alive today will pass away within the next decade, and those alive are becoming frailer and have increasing health and welfare needs; Whereas Holocaust victims throughout the world continue to suffer from permanent physical and psychological injuries and disabilities and live with the emotional scars of this systematic genocide against the Jewish people; Whereas many of the emotional and psychological scars of Holocaust victims are exacerbated in their old age, the past haunts and overwhelms many aspects of their lives when their health fails them; Whereas Holocaust victims suffer particular trauma when their emotional and physical circumstances force them to leave the security of their own home and enter institutional or other group living residential facilities; Whereas tens of thousands of Holocaust victims live in poverty, cannot afford and do not receive sufficient medical care, home care, mental health care, medicine, food, transportation, and other vital lifesustaining services that allow them to live their final years with comfort and dignity; Whereas Holocaust victims often lack family support networks and require social workersupported case management in order to manage their daily lives and access government funded services; Whereas in response to a letter sent by Members of Congress to Germany’s Minister of Finance in December 2015 regarding increased funding for Holocaust victims, German officials acknowledged that ‘‘recent experience has shown that the care financed by the German Government to date is insufficient’’ and that ‘‘it is imperative to expand these assistance measures quickly given the advanced age of many of the affected persons’’; 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first I would like to thank my good friend and south Florida colleague, Mr. TEDDEUTCH , for his work on this resolution and for cointroducing it together. It is an important resolution, Mr. Speaker. I also want to thank our chairman, Chairman ROYCE , and the ranking member, Mr. ENGEL , for always working in a bipartisan manner, for recognizing the importance of this resolution, and for moving this bill out of our Committee on Foreign Affairs in an expeditious manner. This resolution, simply put, Mr. Speaker, urges Germany to honor its moral and historical obligations to Holocaust survivors and to provide for their unmet needs immediately and comprehensively. I know that for Mr. DEUTCH and for me, this is an issue that deeply impacts many of our constituents in south Florida. There are just over 500,000 Holocaust survivors worldwide. About a quarter of that number live right here in the United States, with over 15,000 living in our south Florida communities, Mr. Speaker. I have had the honor and privilege to work closely with survivors from south Florida, many of whom I have come to call dear friends: my friends David Mermelstein, David Schaecter, Herbie Karliner, Joe Sachs, and Alex Gross; and Jack Rubin, who has testified before Congress on issues related to Holocaust survivors, including a hearing that I chaired alongside Mr. DEUTCH in the year 2014. There are also many more to thank, those who have made justice for Holocaust survivors their life’s work, individuals like Sam Dubbin, Mark Talisman, and the list goes on and on, Mr. Speaker. It has been my close relationship with these individuals that has really helped me to understand the realities that survivors have endured during humanity’s darkest period and, unfortunately, the sad reality that they face today—today—Mr. Speaker, especially when it comes to their home healthcare needs, to their mental health needs, to their medical care needs. Do you know, Mr. Speaker, that nearly half of all survivors worldwide live at or below the poverty level? After going through what is almost indescribable horror, these survivors are living at or below the poverty level. Many survivors are unable to maintain even a modest and dignified standard of living: they lack funds for home care; they don’t have the money for medicine; they don’t have the funds for food; they can’t pay the utilities; and they can’t pay their rent. As Jack Rubin said before our subcommittee in the year 2014: the existing system has fallen tragically short of what survivors need and deserve. The current funding and care delivery systems are difficult for survivors to access, and they are severely underfunded. That is why it is so important that we pass this resolution and urge our friends in Germany, our good partners in Germany, to honor the obligations and the commitments that they have made to provide for the needs of Holocaust survivors. German Governments have provided some support through income assistance programs and have doubled funding for home care services in the past 5 years, so they are trying. They want to do better. In fact, even by Germany’s own admission, the care financed by the German Government to date has been insufficient for those in need of intensive longterm care. Mr. Speaker, because of the horrors that these survivors have endured and the emotional and physical scars they continue to carry with them, their medical, mental, and home care needs are far more complex, far more extensive than those of other elderly individuals. b1630 These survivors have endured the torture; they have endured the labor camps, experiments, the loss of loved ones, and even the loss of entire families. We owe these survivors the opportunity to live out the remainder of their days in the dignity and comfort they deserve. Germany owes it to the survivors to alleviate and end the continuing injuries inflicted by the Nazi regime by finding a way to provide for all of their medical, mental health, and home care needs, directly and without delay. I urge my colleagues to join Mr. DEUTCH and to join me in urging Germany to do the right thing, because time is of the essence. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this resolution. And I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for moving so quickly to pass this resolution through committee and bring it to the floor, because time is, sadly, very much of the essence. Today we will vote on H. Con. Res. 129, which calls upon Germany to fully fund the needs of aging Holocaust survivors. I want to thank my friend, Chairman Emeritus ROSLEHTINEN , for her steadfast leadership and for her longstanding commitment to championing the needs of Holocaust survivors. More than anything else, I want to thank the survivors in south Florida and throughout the Nation. You are my constituents, my friends, and my heroes. This includes Jack Rubin, whose tireless advocacy through trips 
to Washington to educate and testify in Congress shaped this very effort; and Norman Frajman, whose dedication to educating students in our own community helped ensure that they will never forget. My friend, Congresswoman ROS LEHTINEN , mentioned so many of the people that she is so close to. I want to thank her for giving me the opportunity and the blessing of getting to know and spend time with David Schaecter, David Mermelstein, and others. It breaks my heart that today in the United States there are tens of thousands of survivors who live in poverty and cannot afford, and thus do not receive, sufficient medical care, home care, and other vital lifesustaining services. Today we have an opportunity to send a clear message that these survivors, who made it through the darkest time in history, deserve to live out their lives with the dignity that they are so worthy of and have long been promised. Some of my colleagues might wonder: Why is this resolution needed? It is simple: Holocaust survivors are not receiving the care that they need. For decades, the German Government has remained committed to funding survivor needs. This is something I know Chancellor Merkel cares a great deal about, as she has reaffirmed that commitment. But the survivor population is aging into their eighties, their nineties, and hundreds. Their needs are greater. Unfortunately, despite the payments of the German Government over decades, significant gaps in survivor care remain. And German officials have acknowledged that shortfall. Right now there are special negotiations going on with the German Government. In the coming days, decisions will be made in Berlin that will determine whether or not survivors will receive the funding and the care that they so desperately need. But I am worried. I am worried that time is running out. I am worried that this is our last chance to ensure that, once and for all, survivors have what they need. Every survivor deserves to receive the care needed to live in comfort. So many survivors are struggling. And, again, while we appreciate the decadeslong commitment of the German Government, I am not certain that our ally, Germany, understands the scope of the true need—the needs that Chairman ROSLEHTINEN and I see in our communities in south Florida every day. That is why passing this resolution here will send a message that is unmistakable; and that is that Congress is fully united. We stand at a decisive moment in the lives of our aging survivor population. Each month it seems that there is another funeral in my community and another survivor passes. So it is with a heavy heart that we must acknowledge that these current negotiations are likely the last opportunity for Germany to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of survivors before it is too late. Mr. Speaker, the resolution before us today urges our German partners to fulfill the moral and financial commitment to the victims of the Holocaust. The shortfall is the most dramatic when it comes to home care. For survivors, the need to stay in their homes as they age is critical. The thought of institutionalized care or being removed from their home is a devastatingly painful reminder of the past. As they age, they rely more on home care services. Under the current system, home care is capped so that even the most infirmed, isolated, and poor Nazi victims can only receive a maximum of 25 hours of home care per week. That is 5 hours a day for 5 days a week. There is no funding for additional hours. In committee I spoke about my 91 yearold constituent who survived BergenBelsen. He fell and suffered a fracture. He requires assistance with all of the activities of daily living. He now needs roundtheclock care, but the current funding system does not provide it. Many of those who survived also lack family support to help with transportation to doctors’ appointments or help preparing meals. They deserve to have these most basic needs met. They deserve to be able to access care for all of their mental and medical health needs. And they deserve our support. Today I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the passage of this resolution and for Germany to seize upon this opportunity to alleviate the suffering of survivors. While no amount of money can ever erase the horrors faced by Nazi victims, there is a moral responsibility to ensure that they can receive all of the vital services and medical care necessary to live out the remainder of their days with dignity. No more limitations on home care hours. Complete the negotiations. And fund the needs now, once and for all. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), my friend. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, TEDDEUTCH , for his leadership, and also my good friend, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , the Florida twins who have so steadfastly brought this matter of conscience and history to the floor of the House of Representatives. It was said about the Holocaust that ‘‘we should never forget’’ and ‘‘never again.’’ What a legacy it would be that those who survived the darkest chapter of human history should live out the remainder of their years in want—in want of basic medical care, in want of home health care and caregiving so that they can have dignity in their twilight years. How can we ignore that plight? How can we say to that generation, You should go without? They are living reminders of the dark side of human nature and of how history can go so terribly wrong. Honoring them with this resolution and engaging our partner, our ally, Germany, in this one last endeavor is a noble cause. I am pleased to support H. Con. Res. 129, and I applaud the leadership of my colleagues from Florida in reminding this House of the duty still in front of us. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are talking about the frailest people in our community who have endured the worst, most unimaginable horrors. They are people whose entire families were destroyed. Mr. Speaker, Hitler tried to destroy them. He succeeded in killing millions, but his goal was genocide. His goal was to wipe the Jewish people from the face of the Earth. We can’t imagine the magnitude of that evil, but we have just a few years left with those who managed to survive, to escape death—sometimes multiple times—to endure concentration camps when everyone around them was sent to the gas chambers, and to flee death squads that roamed the European countryside killing—and mass killings—again and again and again. For them to live through all of that, to survive all of that, should we tell them that we are sorry, we must cap the amount of care you can receive in your home? Or that the social service agencies and their employees and their volunteers who know what their clients need should tell them to need less? Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this resolution and tell every person sitting at the negotiating table in Berlin that we will not accept half measures. The German Government has reiterated its moral obligation to act. This resolution calls for action. The time to act is now. Survivors of the Holocaust deserve dignity. I would like to again thank my dear friend and fierce advocate for survivors, Congresswoman ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN . We have stood together on their behalf for years. She is remarkably committed to justice. Mr. Speaker, in closing, there are Holocaust survivors who are watching us now. When we pass this resolution, many will cry. They told me that. I cannot and I will not go back to south Florida on Friday and look into the eyes of these sweet people whom we are so fortunate to know, so privileged to have in our community, and tell them that Congress passed a resolution to make them feel better. They don’t need symbolism. What I will tell them is that the United States House of Representatives overwhelmingly spoke on their behalf— 
a group that 80 years ago had no one speaking for them. And we expect the German Government to hear what we are saying. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. CONNOLLY . What a joy it has been for me to have worked with them, especially with my twin. The poor guy. That was a low blow by Mr. CONNOLLY . Mr. DEUTCH might not forgive him for that. But what heartfelt words from Mr. DEUTCH . I thank him for that. We are indeed fortunate, Mr. Speaker, that we have so many constituents in our districts for whom this issue is so important. We are blessed that we have so many Holocaust survivors in our districts. But, sadly, as Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and I have pointed out, time is of the essence. These survivors are passing away without the urgent care that they have been promised and without the comforts that they need. So I want to close by saying, Mr. Speaker, just how important this measure is. Mr. DEUTCH talked about how our constituents are watching in south Florida. And it is so true. How important it is that we send a clear message to the German Government that time is of the essence. For over 70 years, Holocaust survivors have had to live with the painful memories and the toll that their experiences have had on their minds and their bodies. b1645 Successive German Governments have acknowledged Germany’s responsibility for the Nazi regime’s atrocities. Most recently, Chancellor Merkel’s office stated: ‘‘We know the responsibility for this crime against humanity is German and very much our own.’’ I agree with Chancellor Merkel’s office. We don’t have time for negotiations, Mr. Speaker. How long will those negotiations take while, every day, yet another Holocaust survivor passes away. We don’t need Germany to engage with the bureaucratic nightmare that is the Claims Conference. This was a process that was set up to deal with these issues, but it has not worked out that way. Why add another layer to the process when Germany can and should provide this assistance directly? The proof that this Claims Conference process has been nothing short of an abject failure is that nearly half of the survivors today, Mr. Speaker, are living at or below the poverty level. Under this current system, many have died well before their time as a result of this current broken system, to say nothing about the fraud, the corruption, and the embezzlement that has been documented. Mr. Speaker, the Claims Conference has failed to live up to its mandate to advocate and work on behalf of survivors. The Claims Conference provides artificial caps on survivors’ needs. When those caps are reached, good luck. Just recently, a survivor from our own area right here in D.C. was told by a local service agency that the Claims Conference would no longer fund her Lifeline button. This woman lives alone, Mr. Speaker. She needs this service, but she was cut off. The Conference stops assistance for many, and many others receive no assistance at all, while their pleas fall on deaf ears. With the Claims Conference, there is no transparency, little accountability, and a shocking disregard for the actual survivors, themselves; but I believe Chancellor Merkel’s heartfelt expression of concern about Germany’s responsibility to survivors and her leadership on moral issues, and this will finally resolve this longstanding tragedy for survivors. That is why our resolution, Mr. Speaker, to fund, directly, survivors’ needs is so important. We have seen what happens when the Claims Conference gets involved. Survivors are just not afforded the assistance they desperately need. So I urge my colleagues to join Mr. DEUTCH and me in urging Germany to fund, directly and comprehensively, all of the needs of survivors like it has pledged. There is no time to waste. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROSLEHTINEN and Ranking Member DEUTCH for their work on this resolution, and their continued work on Holocaust issues. The horrors wrought by the Nazi regime did not end when prisoners finally walked out from behind the barbed wire fences in 1945. Today, the aftereffects of Hitler’s death camps still haunt the lives of those who survived. Tens of thousands of Holocaust survivors throughout the world live in poverty, forced to choose between feeding themselves and purchasing necessary medication. The problem is staggering. Five hundred thousand survivors remain—most of them in their 80s. Today, more than one in four lack sufficient access to the care they need to live their final years in comfort and in dignity. For decades, Germany has instituted and funded a number of aid programs in recognition of its obligation to these survivors. However, Germany’s own evaluations made clear that more needs to be done. We urge the German government to immediately and fully fund programming for victims’ medical, mental health, and longterm care needs. Time is of the essence. Every day that decisions are stalled, we lose another survivor, another story, another chance to show our respect for these individuals who have already endured what no one should. Today’s resolution recognizes the moral imperative for us—all of us—to work to ensure a life of dignity, security, and comfort for Holocaust survivors. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 129, urging the Federal Republic of Germany to further fulfill its commitment to support the welfare of Holocaust survivors by ensuring that they receive the medical, mental health, and longterm care they require. In 1952, the West German government concluded an agreement with representatives from major Jewish national and international organizations and the State of Israel to provide indemnification and restitution directly to survivors of the Holocaust. This agreement reflected an overdue but basic recognition at the time by many, including thenGerman Chancellor Konrad Adenauer who saw such restitution as, quote, ‘‘easing the way to the spiritual settlement of infinite suffering.’’ Mr. Speaker, that infinite suffering inflicted by the genocidal Nazi regime continues to this day. It is a daily reality for the aging survivors of that infamous crime who live with the mental and sometimes physical consequences of being tortured and abused. There are over 500,000 Holocaust survivors living around the world today, and over 100,000 live here in the United States—witnesses to both the stunning evil and miraculous resilience of which humanity is capable. Their quiet presence in our midst is a treasure seldom sufficiently cherished. Today, as they age, they are increasingly in need of support and assistance that will allow them to live their remaining days with access to quality care and the peace that comes with it. Mr. Speaker, I support H. Con. Res 129 because I think it is right that the Federal Republic of Germany deliver direct support to Holocaust survivors to guarantee that they live the rest of their lives with the dignity, comfort, and security that was deprived them decades ago. The resolution calls on the German government to make every effort—whether through direct assistance or negotiated arrangements—to support the medical, mental health, and longterm care needs of Holocaust victims. This support would be fully consistent with the German government’s longstanding commitment to Holocaust survivors and it cannot wait. It is important, Mr. Speaker, to also note the important steps already taken by the Federal Republic of Germany and the tremendous efforts and achievements it has made in making amends for the genocide committed under the Nazi dictatorship. H. Con. Res. 129 urges Germany to continue on this path and as such deserves our support in the House. Finally, I would like to thank my friend and colleague Rep. ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , for introducing this laudable resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 129, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CLARIFYING ELIGIBILITY OF LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCY TIMELIMITED EMPLOYEES FOR PERMANENT APPOINTMENTS Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4906) to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of employees of a land management agency in a timelimited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Federal agency, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4906 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ELIGIBILITY OF EMPLOYEES IN A TIMELIMITED APPOINTMENT TO COMPETE FOR A PERMANENT APPOINTMENT AT ANY FEDERAL AGENCY. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act enacted last year removed a barrier to the career advancement opportunities of long serving temporary and seasonal employees of land management agencies across the Federal Government. I want to thank my friend from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) for his companion work in the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. I am proud to not only support it, but I authored a similar measure in the national defense authorization. The bill we are considering today makes a technical correction that is necessary due to recent guidance of the Office of Personnel Management, or OPM. H.R. 4906 clarifies that Congress intended to remove restrictions on temporary seasonal employees that would otherwise hinder their ability to compete for merit promotion vacancies open to other Federal employees. Seasonal work of land management agencies is accomplished by a mix of both permanent and temporary employees. Before the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act, regardless of how many seasons served, temporary employees could not compete for permanent jobs under the merit promotion procedures available to other Federal employees. Under the bill enacted last year, longserving temporary employees were given this opportunity, and their employing agencies are provided with better applicant pools as a result. For instance, experienced seasonal wildland firefighters are well qualified for permanent leadership roles within agencies that work to combat wildfires. Mr. Speaker, the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act recognized their service as employees and afforded them opportunities for promotion. However, recent guidance from the Office of Personnel Management severely limits temporary employees’ ability to compete for permanent jobs. OPM’s guidance declares temporary employees eligible to compete for permanent jobs only in situations where the hiring agency plans to prepare a list of candidates under merit promotion procedures and accepts applications only from individuals inside its own workforce. This bill today makes a technical correction to clarify the temporary seasonal employees of land management agencies are eligible for the same opportunities for consideration under merit promotion procedures that apply to other Federal employees. The bill also makes clear that eligible former employees are deemed to be employees of the agency from which they were most recently separated for instances where the position is limited to employees of the hiring agency. Mr. Speaker, this straightforward bill will help to establish a more effective, efficient, and qualified Federal workforce. I thank the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, my friend, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), for authoring this key legislation. I would also like to highlight the great work of the chairman of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), who is an original cosponsor of H.R. 4906 and cares deeply about remedying this situation. I support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend and colleague from Oklahoma for his leadership and his support on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of a bipartisan bill, H.R. 4906, which I am pleased to cosponsor with Chairman MEADOWS of the Government Operations Subcommittee. This simple bill makes, as my friend indicated, a technical correction to bipartisan legislation known as the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act, on which I was pleased to work with the committee in passing into law just last year. That bill originally passed the House by a voice vote and then went on to pass the Senate by unanimous consent. As my colleagues will recall, that bill was intended to give temporary seasonal employees an opportunity to compete for permanent fulltime employment within all agencies across the entire Federal Government. Merit promotion procedures provide an important career advancement path for Federal employees, and many nonentrylevel jobs are filled using this process. Yet, no matter how long an individual has served, temporary seasonal employees never get access to merit promotion procedures. Now, who are those people? Those are men and women on the front line of wildfires in the West, who put their lives on the line to contain forest fires during the fire season out west—dangerous work, arduous work. We are simply trying to give them a fair shake, a fair shake that is available to all other Federal employees. This was intended to put them on an equal footing for vacant jobs in the civil service, including permanent seasonal jobs. God knoweth why, but the Office of Personnel Management recently issued guidance to the agency, based on a narrow reading never intended by our committee or by this Congress, of the legislative language that would actually limit the positions to which these temporary employees may apply to just those within the current agency. That was never the intent of this Congress, and I, frankly, feel, if you looked at the legislative history both in committee and on the floor, that would have been clear. Our bill, which reflects a collaborative effort with the majority and minority, as well as with OPM and employee groups such as the National Federation of Federal Employees, clarifies the intent, I hope, once and for all. The barrier to merit promotion faced by our temporary seasonal employees demoralizes the dedicated and courageous corps that serves in land management agencies, contributes to increased attrition, and ultimately leads to higher training costs and a lessexperienced, capable workforce. Last year, Mr. Speaker, a record 10 million acres burned across these United States, about 4 million more than average. In Arizona alone, 294 fires burned in the first quarter of this 
year, double that of the same period last year. Our country cannot afford to degrade its wildland firefighting and emergency response capabilities. An individual that successfully competes for a vacant permanent position—we are not creating new ones— under the clarified intent of this bill would, upon appointment, become a careerconditional employee—unless the employee had otherwise completed service requirements for career tenure—and acquire competitive status upon appointment. H.R. 4906 defines land management agencies to include the Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, National Park Service, Fish and Wildlife Service, Bureau of Reclamation, and Bureau of Indian Affairs. The legislative fix will finally give temporary seasonal firefighters and other land management temporary seasonal employees the chance to compete for vacant permanent positions, seasonal or fulltime, under the same merit promotion procedures available to other Federal employees. Last year, I stated that our bipartisan bill was consistent with OPM’s support for the concept that ‘‘long term temporaries who have demonstrated their abilities on the job should not have to compete with the public for permanent vacancies.’’ Despite their misinterpretation of H.R. 1531, the original land management bill, I remain confident OPM still supports that sentiment. In closing, I strongly urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act, ensuring that our Nation’s hardworking, temporary, seasonal employees may compete to serve the American people on a permanent basis, if they so choose. That will improve government efficiency and effectiveness and, I believe, provide a safety valve when it comes to the fire season out west. But it is simply the right thing to do, in the final analysis, on behalf of this dedicated workforce. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4906. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. b1700 MAKING ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABLE BY YIELDING TANGIBLE EFFICIENCIES ACT OF 2016 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4904) to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4904 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Making Electronic Government Accountable By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘MEGABYTE Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for introducing H.R. 4904, the Making Electronic Government Accountable By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act of 2016, or the MEGABYTE Act of 2016, to improve the Federal Government’s management of software licenses. I am a proud cosponsor of this straightforward legislation. Importantly, this bill is the House companion to Senator CASSIDY ’s own MEGABYTE Act, S. 2340, and I am glad to see this proposal has found bipartisan support in both Chambers and has moved forward. H.R. 4904 requires the Chief Information Officer for each Federal agency to maintain a software license inventory as well as analyze the use of software to inform decisionmaking. Mr. Speaker, the Government Accountability Office has expressed repeated concerns on software license management and its costs. In fact, the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, listed IT software license management as a potential cost savings area on its 2015 duplication report. In our neverending effort to cut waste, I agree with the GAO that it believes implementing sound, comprehensive software management policies has already achieved at least $250 million in savings to the Federal Government. But there is more work to be done. There are other savings that the government could and should be capturing. A 2014 GAO report found that only 2 of 24 major agencies had comprehensive software licensing policies in place. In fact, only 2 of the 24 agencies had comprehensive license inventories. Agencies cannot effectively manage the software licenses they have if they don’t know what they have in the first place. Maintaining a thorough inventory is vital to ensure that agencies make costeffective decisions with respect to software licensing and avoid duplicative measures. The MEGABYTE Act will force agencies to focus on their software license policies and their inventories, leading to savings to the American taxpayer. These are straightforward steps that should already be happening, and this bill ensures that they will. 
This legislation is about responsible stewardship of the tax dollars of hardworking Americans. I thank my friend, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and also Senator C ASSIDY for their collective work on the MEGABYTE Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to not only support this legislation, but all legislation in our continued quest to cut waste in government. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4904, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me first begin by thanking our chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, JASON CHAFFETZ , for bringing this bill forward for a vote. I also want to thank the gentleman from Maryland, ELIJAH CUMMINGS , my friend and the ranking member; as well as the other two lead cosponsors who are here, Congressman WILLHURDof Texas and Congressman STEVE RUSSELL of Oklahoma who just spoke for their support. Additionally, I also want to join him in thanking Senator BILLCASSIDY — lately our colleague here in the House, but now over in the minor leagues—for his support and his authorship of this bill. Mr. Speaker, we are always looking for ways to curb waste in the Federal Government, and sometimes it is surprising the places you find it. It is a changing world. Fifty years ago, nobody used the acronym IT, but now they do, and there is waste to be found in the IT procurement mechanism. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government spends $82 billion a year on information technology. Right now, for the second year in a row, our GAO has identified IT software license management as a top priority in its annual duplication report. A duplication report is something that is really good at identifying waste because duplication means what it says: you are duplicating purchases in the Federal Government. Of the 24 major Federal agencies, as you just heard, only two have implemented policies of comprehensive and clear management of software licenses. It is like this: anybody in the private sector knows that when you go to buy a suite of software from a major vendor, they sell it in blocks with a price point. So you might buy a block of 25 copies of a particular brand of software even though your office only needs 19 copies. That means you have six extra licenses left over. The Federal Government buys software the same way. What we found is they are not doing a good enough job of keeping track of the unused licenses. This bill codifies current administration efforts to do things like that to save the Federal taxpayers their tax dollars. Right now none of the 24 agencies have fully implemented all of these industry best practices recommended by the GAO, and that ends now with this legislation. The Making Electronic Government Accountable By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act, the MEGABYTE Act, is comprised of necessary reforms to the Federal Government’s management of IT software licenses. In particular, the MEGABYTE Act achieves cost savings by seven action items: Number one, it requires the Office of Management and Budget to issue directives requiring agencies to identify clear roles, responsibilities, and central oversight authority for managing IT software licenses; Number two, it requires having agencies establish comprehensive records of software license spending and inventories of enterprise licenses in the agency, as I just mentioned; Number three, regularly track and efficiently and effectively utilize software licenses to assist the executive agency in implementing decisions throughout the software license management life cycle; Number four, analyze software usage and other data to make costeffective decisions in the purchase of software; Number five, provide relevant training for software license management; Number six, establish broad objectives and targeted implementation strategies of the software license management program of the agency; And, finally, number seven, consider the software license management life cycle phases, including the requisition, reception, deployment and maintenance, retirement, and disposal phases in order to implement effective decisionmaking, again, in the purchase and handling of software. The GAO found that when implementing these oversight and management practices reflected in the MEGABYTE Act, a Federal agency—one Federal agency—saved 181 million tax dollars in a single year. Enacting MEGABYTE across the entire executive branch promises potentially yielding billions of savings to the American taxpayer footing the bill for all of this. Mr. Speaker, improving the management of agency contracts and licensing for commercial software is critical to ensuring the procurement process works effectively for both the Federal Government and industry that provides the software. An obvious example of how effective software management could save not only dollars and cents, but improve the lives of Americans is in the health records of our servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee has held hearings on the failure by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to implement a fully integrated electronic health record system for our Active Duty soldiers and our veterans. As early as 1998, DOD and VA began an effort to create health records that could work together, with an initiative to create a joint system—an integrated electronic health record system. But after nearly two decades and spending over $560 million toward that effort, DOD and VA ditched the plan and continued on with their separate systems. Now, our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who are making their transition from DOD to VA health care are told to print out hard copies of their medical records and bring them to the VA. That is an enormous sum of money to have spent with absolutely nothing to show for it. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that the MEGABYTE Act is the first in a series of steps we can take to minimize wasteful software spending and to promote efficient procurement of technology. Our software and technology must promote interoperability across multiple platforms—and this starts with effective decisionmaking. By encouraging the use of open standards that are technology neutral, we can encourage innovation when we create connected, interoperable components and systems, driving down costs and avoiding unnecessary lockin to any one particular technology platform. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the bipartisan and bicameral effort behind this bill. I thank, again, our chairman, JASON CHAFFETZ , for advancing the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD), my friend and colleague. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government spends more than $80 billion a year on IT procurement, and 80 percent of that is on legacy systems, old and outdated systems that all of us would think should be gone. Every time I hear this stat, I get upset because it is outrageous. This is a waste of Americans’ hardearned tax dollars. In 2015, the Office of Management and Budget noted that Federal agencies spent about $9 billion on software licenses alone. But guess what? Many agencies are not managing these software licenses properly. I know—nobody is surprised. The Government Accountability Office did a report last year that explained agencies could achieve hundreds of millions of dollars in governmentwide savings if they managed their software licenses better. Agencies should already have a comprehensive inventory of what software they use. Agencies should already be utilizing their spending power to get good deals on software licenses. Agencies should already be getting rid of old software they don’t use. But this isn’t happening, so Congress is acting. In 2015, Congress passed landmark IT reform legislation called FITARA, which gave agency CIOs greater authority over IT decisions and changed the way that the Federal Government procures technology. The MEGABYTE Act, H.R. 4904, builds upon the important work that 
FITARA started. When enacted, this bill would require CIOs to develop comprehensive inventories on their software license agreements. Additionally, this measure would require agency CIOs to provide OMB with annual reports on any realized savings, which OMB must make publicly available. It is simple, it is straightforward, and it makes sense. IT procurement is not a sexy topic. Nobody goes to a rally for IT procurement. But getting this right will save money, and when we cut waste, we allow hardworking Americans to keep more of their money in their own pockets. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership on this issue, and I look forward to continuing our work together. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4904. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY .) Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) especially for his leadership on this bill, the MEGABYTE Act. Mr. Speaker, as has been indicated, we spend over $80 billion a year on IT procurement across the Federal Government, 80 percent of which maybe is used to maintain old and legacy systems, some of those systems going back to the 1960s. We are still funding COBOL, DOS, and many multiple systems that aren’t integrated and aren’t interoperable. b1715 My friend, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , gave what I think is one of the most glaring examples of how, even when we move to update, because of the stovepipe nature of decisionmaking all too often in the Federal Government, bad decisions get made. The Pentagon has one system for medical recordkeeping and the Veterans Administration has another. When one individual moves from Active Duty to retired status, they have to take their records with them, physically, because the two systems, upgraded recently, are not compatible. A third procurement contract had to be issued for the private sector to try to see if they could bridge these two systems, and the taxpayer had to pay a third time. Why couldn’t we get that right the first time? Making sure these investments serve the purpose for which they are intended is really critical. This act helps codify that. My friend, Mr. HURDfrom Texas, was gracious in bringing up the FITARA, the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, which I think sets the construct, the structure, for every Federal agency to modernize itself to improve efficiency, to streamline management, and to make sure that these investments are efficacious. The MEGABYTE Act is a wonderful complement to that when it comes to software. I think it will help transform how the Federal Government procures and manages its information technology portfolio. I urge its passage, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge my fellow Members of the United States House of Representatives to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4904, a commonsense, bipartisan, bicameral effort to save the American taxpayers money in the purchase of software. It is our chance to nip this problem in the bud before it gets bigger and bigger and bigger. It is an opportunity to save a whopping amount of money for the American taxpayer. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also urge not only support and adoption of this bill, but I think it is crucial, as we continue to fight and combat waste in government, that we look at measures that are so ripe and so effective, if we pass them, that they will have an immediate impact on tax dollars that are wasted. Here we have a measure that literally will save billions of dollars in the very short term. It is very, very important that we pass it. I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4904. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
EASTERN NEVADA LAND IMPLEMENTATION IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1815) to facilitate certain pinyon juniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to provide for the implementation of a conservation plan for the Virgin River, Nevada, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1815 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Improvement Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 1815, the Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Improvement Act, which I introduced last year, makes several changes to the existing Federal land laws. The bill authorizes hazardous fuels reduction projects and wildfire planning for rangeland and woodland restoration projects in Lincoln County, Nevada. These projects will help reduce the risk of catastrophic wildfire and improve and protect habitat for the greater sage grouse. The bill also authorizes the implementation of a conservation plan in Nevada’s Virgin River region. In 2002, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service required the city of Mesquite to create a conservation plan to protect several species in the Lower Virgin River Basin before moving ahead with two land acquisitions. The city planned to use these funds from the Mesquite Lands Act, a law passed by Congress in 1986 that allowed the city to acquire and develop lands from the Federal Government, to complete the plan. FWS signed a memorandum of agreement with the city of Mesquite to carry out the law. This agreement expired in 2014. The Fish and Wildlife Service refused to sign a new memorandum of agreement or to allow the city to access the necessary funding because it didn’t feel that the current legislation enabled them to implement the conservation plan. As a result, all efforts to advance the conservation plan and expand the city are at a standstill. This bill remedies the problem by making a technical correction to the Mesquite Lands Act of 1988 that will provide the necessary authority to the Fish and Wildlife Service to implement the conservation plan, after signing the new agreement with the city of Mesquite. Lastly, the bill makes several boundary adjustments that collectively reduce three wilderness areas to improve public access to the Big Canyon Trailhead, provide land to the existing Girl Scouts camp, and release a small dam owned and operated by the Yamba Tribe. It is important to know that all of the money that would be spent to execute these programs in this bill would come from special accounts that already exist. Not a single taxpayer dollar would go to pay for this bill. These special accounts are funded by the proceeds of the Federal land sales in Nevada and, in total, have a balance of $270 million in unobligated funds. The $2 million predicted to be used for the purposes in H.R. 1815—protecting communities from catastrophic wildfires by reducing hazardous fuels and implementing a habitat conservation plan— would come directly from those accounts at no cost to the taxpayer. This is a wellbalanced, bipartisan piece of legislation that will reduce wildland fire threat and greatly benefit local communities, wildlife and its habitat, and the future management of public lands in Nevada. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1815. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 1815 clarifies and updates several laws related to the management of Federal land in eastern Nevada. This bill is cosponsored by the entire Nevada delegation, and I recognize its passage is important to the people of eastern Nevada. I want to thank the majority and the sponsor for working with the Bureau of Land Management to address many of their concerns. Resolving those concerns and working with the BLM turn 
this bill into a proposal we can support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this legislation also. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1815, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 87) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 87 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Designation Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 87, introduced by Representative MARSHA BLACKBURN of Tennessee, expands the boundaries of the Shiloh National Military Park and designates the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System. Located in Corinth, Mississippi, the Battle of Shiloh was a flash point in the Western theater during the Civil War. This bill would preserve three critical battlefields, covering approximately 2,126 acres, associated with the Siege of Corinth, including the Fallen Timbers, Russell House, and Davis Bridge Battlefields. The National Park Service determined that each of these sites provides extensive opportunities for visitor use and interpretation or the potential for archeological research. This bill passed out of committee by unanimous consent. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. By expanding the boundaries of the Shiloh National Military Park in the State of Tennessee, H.R. 87 will assist the National Park Service in its efforts to preserve and interpret resources associated with the Civil War. The bill adjusts the boundary of the park to include several sites identified in the 2004 boundary expansion study conducted by the National Park Service. This bill also establishes the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an associated area of the National Park System, providing even broader opportunities to interpret the Civil War story. Associated sites, such as Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield, continue to highlight the value of State and local partnerships in the preservation of our national heritage. By incorporating three additional sites related to the Siege of Corinth into the park and under the management of the National Park Service, this bill guarantees the lasting conservation of these places of knowledge and remembrance. The emphasis that we all need to place on preserving our country’s history cannot be overstated, and the Civil War is a chapter in our national story that continues to shape the thoughts and actions of this country over 150 years after its conclusion. b1730 The struggles and personal conflicts that were faced by millions of soldiers and the impact on families throughout and after the war have provided us with many lessons—lessons that continue to remain relevant today. We can only ensure that we continue to learn from past struggles, triumphs, and mistakes if we make the effort to set aside special places for future generations. Parks, such as Shiloh National Military Park, offer countless opportunities for us to explore the rich history and lessons of the past. These opportunities are most effective when visitors to these sites can immerse themselves in the full setting of the area and gain a true understanding of the historical context, which is something that this expansion of the Shiloh National Military Park will achieve. I thank Representative BLACKBURN  for her hard work and commitment to protecting the historical resources in her State, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. I thank my colleagues for the work that they have done on this issue. Mr. Speaker, they have each mentioned the publicprivate partnership 
that has taken place in Tennessee and Mississippi and at the Shiloh National Military Park. I think it is so significant that we have seen our local elected officials work with our State and Federal officials. I do have to commend the employees of the National Park Service who have done a phenomenal job as they have worked toward the preservation of these entities, as Mr. CLAYsaid so very well, and who have looked at how we adjust the boundaries, expand the boundaries, and then preserve these areas. It is a part of the historical legacy, as has been said, not only of Tennessee’s and Mississippi’s, but of the United States’. Indeed, over a half million visitors a year come to the Shiloh National Military Park. This will give the National Park Service the flexibility that it needs to look at adding in the additional 2,100 acres into this park. It would encompass the Fallen Timbers, the Russell House, and the Davis Bridge battlefields, and would provide that consideration for Parker’s Crossroads. As I said, it is an important part of the National Park Service. This legislation is the product of work from our local, State, and Federal officials and from the community groups and organizations that support this. I thank my colleagues for their support. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 87, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NEVADA NATIVE NATIONS LAND ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2733) to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2733 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nevada Native Nations Land Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2733, the Nevada Native Nations Land Act. I commend my colleague from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ), the sponsor of this bill, for his tireless work on this important piece of legislation. Because he will speak further on the details that affect his district, I will provide a brief summary of the bill. H.R. 2733, as amended, would require the Secretary of the Interior to place, approximately, 71,000 acres of Federal land into trust for six tribes in the State of Nevada. Gaming would be prohibited on these lands. Located in my district, the Duckwater Shoshone Tribe would have, approximately, 31,000 acres of land placed into trust by the Secretary of the Interior. The tribe intends to utilize these lands for economic development and community growth. Specifically, the additional lands will allow the tribe to expand agricultural operations, additional housing and facilities development, and to protect cultural sites and wildlife. Over 85 percent of the land that is located in Nevada is federally controlled, and tribes continue to have a small land base. This bill is an important step in promoting economic activity that will generate jobs in the tribal communities, benefitting both reservation economies. I thank Mr. AMODEI for his efforts in getting this legislation to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The six Nevada tribes that are affected by this legislation want to expand their reservations for a variety of purposes, including for recreational use, residential construction, and energy and mineral development. H.R. 2733 will allow the tribes to pursue these goals. By passing this bill, they will be able to preserve their cultural heritage and traditions, expand housing for their members, and realize new economic development opportunities. The final legislation is the result of years of negotiations between the tribes, the Federal Government, the State of Nevada, and local stakeholders. I commend my colleague from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ) for his work on behalf of the Nevada tribes and on this legislation. I urge its quick adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ). Mr. AMODEI. I thank my colleague from the Silver State and my colleague from the Show Me State. I appreciate the background. Mr. Speaker, this is the return of a bill that was passed in the 114th Congress by a voice vote in the House of Representatives. It went to the Senate. I can’t tell you what happened there, but the good news is that the 114th Congress, the Senate, has moved on a companion bill; so we might actually get some resolution of this. I note that my colleague from the Show Me State mentioned patience and hard work. I want to point out that, for the folks of the Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe, the 19,000acre transfer that is proposed in this piece of legislation was first before the United States Congress in a bill that was introduced in 1972 by thenNevada Senators Alan Bible and Howard Cannon. Certainly, that tribe gets the ‘‘patience’’ award in terms of waiting to fill in what is largely checkerboard type holdings to consolidate their holdings in the whole thing. As a whole, about 31,000 acres are in my colleague’s CD4 district, and 40,000 acres are in the rest of CD2. There is a variety of things to provide housing to attract healthcare facility givers and cultural resource preservation buffer zones. It has been through the planning process in those counties in which it is. Many offroad vehicle organizations support this. It can hardly be said to have been sprung on anybody. I urge my colleagues’ support. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2733, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EEZ TRANSIT ZONE CLARIFICATION AND ACCESS ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3070) to clarify that for purposes of all Federal laws governing marine fisheries management, the landward boundary of the exclusive economic zone between areas south of Montauk, New York, and Point Judith, Rhode Island, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3070 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3070, which was introduced by my colleague, Congressman LEEZELDIN  of New York, aims to eliminate Federal regulatory confusion around the Block Island Sound. His bill authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to permit striped bass fishing in the Block Island Transit Zone between Montauk, New York, and Point Judith, Rhode Island. The bill before us today is the result of extensive input from area stakeholders and congressional deliberation. Following a Natural Resources Committee’s oversight field hearing and a subsequent legislative hearing, the bill has been amended to resolve any concerns about the unintended impacts of other federally permitted activities. As such, the Natural Resources Committee passed this bill earlier this year by unanimous consent. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I commend Mr. ZELDIN for his leadership on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As introduced, H.R. 3070 would have had sweeping negative impacts. It would have redrawn the boundary of the exclusive economic zone in an area between Montauk Point, New York, 
and Block Island, Rhode Island, allowing for the State management of fishery resources that are currently managed by the Federal Government. It would have barred Connecticut fishermen from using the area at all, and it would have eliminated a key sanctuary for striped bass at the very time the species needs stronger conservation measures. Fortunately, the Natural Resources Committee was able to address those flaws at markup and is able to bring forward a bill today that does not have any unintended consequences. The current version of H.R. 3070 simply clarifies that the Secretary of Commerce has the authority to issue regulations that govern recreational fishing for striped bass in the Block Island Transit Zone. This area is currently closed to striped bass fishing, and I join the vast majority of recreational anglers in the region in urging fisheries’ managers to keep it that way. That said, we do support the bill before us today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. I thank Mr. HARDY and Mr. CLAY for their comments and for their support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 3070, the EEZ Transit Zone Clarification and Access Act, which would clarify the Federal laws that govern the management of the striped bass fishery in the exclusive economic zone, or the EEZ, between Montauk, New York, and Block Island, Rhode Island. One of the most pressing issues that is faced by Long Island fishermen is the urgent need to clarify the Federal regulations regarding striped bass fishing in the small area of federally controlled waters between Montauk Point and Block Island. Between New York State waters, which end 3 miles off of Montauk Point, and the Rhode Island boundary, which begins 3 miles off of Block Island, there is a small area of federally controlled water that is considered part of the EEZ. The EEZ, which extends up to 200 miles from the coast, are waters that are patrolled by the Coast Guard, where the United States has exclusive jurisdiction over fisheries and other natural resources. Since 1990, striped bass fishing has been banned in the EEZ even though fishermen can currently fish for striped bass in adjacent State waters. b1745 Fishing is an industry in and around my district. It is getting more and more difficult to survive in this industry if you are a businessowner. Fishermen are desperately pleading for commonsense relief, and this is one way Congress can help. To my colleagues in this Chamber, I ask you to vote in favor of this bill, passing this legislation on behalf of the amazing fishermen on the east end of Long Island. Long Island striped bass fisherman have lost 60 percent of their traditional fishing grounds due to Federal restrictions that my bill intends to reform. Additionally, the geography of our region means that making the 15mile journey by boat from Montauk Point to Block Island requires passing through a small strip of waters considered to be part of the EEZ. The shift in jurisdiction can mean the difference between a nice day on the water and committing a Federal offense. My bill, H.R. 3070, clarifies the Federal laws currently governing the management of the striped bass fishery between Montauk and Block Island, permitting striped bass fishing in these waters and allowing for local regulations to manage this important fishery. This legislation is a commonsense reform that offers a simple solution to a unique local issue, providing regulatory relief and more certainty to our region’s fishermen, while restoring local control to a critical fishery that must be properly managed and preserved for future generations. Late last year, on December 7, 2015, I cohosted a House Natural Resources Committee field hearing within my district in Riverhead, New York, with Chairman ROBBISHOP of Utah. The hearing was held to discuss important local fishing issues, including this legislation. Chairman BISHOP and members of the committee were able to hear firsthand the concerns of those on Long Island who rely upon fishing as an occupation and way of life. A few months later, on March 17, 2016, working closely with the committee, my bill passed this committee with unanimous bipartisan support. I thank House Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY for having the bill placed on today’s agenda on the House floor. A big thank you to House Natural Resources Committee Chairman ROB BISHOP ; Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans Chairman JOHN FLEMING ; and Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans Vice Chairman PAUL Gosar for recognizing the urgency in passing this bill. I also thank Congressman JOECOURTNEY , my colleague across Long Island Sound, who worked with us to make this a bipartisan bill. I also commend the steadfast commitment and activism of Long Island’s fishing community, which championed this issue for nearly two decades and is standing up for Long Island’s coastal way of life. The dedicated men and women who fish in these local waters and the tens of thousands of Long Islanders who depend upon the coastal economy of the east end deserve no less than this commonsense reform promoted by this proposal. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in support of this critical bill. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge the body to adopt H.R. 3070. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3070, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the Secretary of Commerce to permit striped bass fishing in the Exclusive Economic Zone transit zone between Montauk, New York, and Point Judith, Rhode Island, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MOUNT HOOD COOPER SPUR LAND EXCHANGE CLARIFICATION ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3826) to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3826 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3826, the Mount Hood Cooper Spur Land Exchange Clarification Act, was introduced by Congressmen GREG WALDEN and E ARLBLUMENAUER to address the ongoing land exchange issues. In 2009, the Omnibus Public Land Management Act authorized a land exchange in Government Camp, Oregon. This land exchange was supposed to be completed within 16 months; however, this still has not occurred more than 7 years later. The long delay, primarily due to disagreements surrounding easement terms, has frustrated local communities such as Mount Hood Meadows and other local groups. H.R. 3826 comes as a result of a successful mediation session held by the Forest Service to resolve the longstanding issues between the agency and the local community. As a result of this exercise, H.R. 3826 updates the details and process for the land exchange to clarify issues relating to land appraisals and the parameters of a wetland conservation easement on the Federal land in the conveyance. The bill was amended in committee to address concerns raised by the Forest Service, including clarifying language for the easement allowed in the bill and the length of time allowed for the Forest Service to implement this legislation. It is frustrating that the Forest Service has not already carried out the provisions of the 2009 act. I appreciate Congressman WALDEN ’s work to see this issue is addressed once and for all. I hope my colleagues will join in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3826 clarifies the terms of a land exchange between the Forest Service and Mount Hood Meadows, a privately held ski resort. Last year, the Forest Service and Mount Hood Meadows engaged in mediation to resolve the issues that have held up the exchange. This bill is the result of that mediation, and its passage will ensure that, after 6 long years, the exchange will finally move forward. I want to thank the sponsors from Oregon, Representative WALDEN and Representative BLUMENAUER , for their hard work and commitment to resolving this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CLAYand Mr. H ARDY for their work and support of this very important legislation. I thank Mr. GRIJALVA and Chairman BISHOP for bringing this bill to the floor, yet another Mount Hood bill. My colleague and friend from Oregon, EARL BLUMENAUER , and I actually backpacked 3 nights, 4 days around Mount Hood, 9,000 feet up and down, elevation gain and loss. We hiked with environmentalists, foresters, ornithologists, biologists, and geologists. We put together a big bipartisan legislative effort. It took 3
1⁄2years. Part of this effort was making sure that a very sensitive part around Mount Hood in the Crystal Springs watershed was exchanged out so that the development didn’t occur there and it occurred in an area that already has development, a more appropriate setting. That is what this is really all about. The legislation that ultimately passed the Congress was a little different than what Representative BLUMENAUER and I started with because we feared this very result could happen, that it would be delayed for years and years and years because we have seen it happen before. Be that as it may, we are here today, 7 years later, after the Congress had told the agency to get this done in 16 months, which should be all the time that is necessary. Seven years later, we are back with a second piece of legislation, confirming the mediation, working this through so that we can get this exchange done thoughtfully, completely, and finally get this done. I see I am joined by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), who has been a real partner in this. The legislation directs the Forest Service to move ahead on implementing the underlying exchange. This is critical as it protects the Crystal Springs area, the water source for much of Hood River and the rest of the upper Hood River Valley as well. So it really does provide a much more thoughtful place where Mount Hood Meadows does their development and protects this very sensitive watershed from development. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation when it comes up for a vote. Let’s get this done once and for all. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I want to pick up where my friend, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), left off. Congressman WALDEN and I worked for several years to try and deal with the preservation of a precious resource. Mount Hood is the dividing line between our two districts. We have a lot of personal history involved there, and it was really one of my most positive experiences in two decades of congressional service, zeroing in with the stakeholders—Native Americans, environmentalists, local government—trying to figure out the best protections for a very complicated area that is within easy driving distance of 4 million people. There were many strains and stresses and multiple stakeholders on the mountain itself. As he said, part of the delicate balance that was achieved was an opportunity for us to deal with this land exchange. It was a winwin situation for a variety of the stakeholders. It obviously is better for the environment. It settled longsimmering disputes that served nobody’s interest but had actual potential for negative outcomes. 
This land exchange was part of what was envisioned. This was not just a bipartisan effort with my friend, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), and myself. It was then Senator Smith and Senator WYDEN , and now Senator MERKLEY and Senator W YDEN have been partners in this. It is frustrating that we get to the point where it requires legislation to do something that was an integral part of this agreement. I am proud to join my friend in urging support for it. We want to get this passed and be able to capitalize on the vision that we worked so hard on to protect the mountain and all of the attendant interests. This land exchange is critical to it, and I am pleased that this legislation is finally on the floor, although I am frustrated that we have to have legislation on the floor. Hopefully, this will enable us to finish this task. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3826, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PASCUA YAQUI TRIBE LAND CONVEYANCE ACT Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2009) to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2009 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Conveyance Act’’. 
The Tribe may not conduct gaming activities on lands taken into trust pursuant to this Act, either as a matter of claimed inherent authority, under the authority of any Federal law, including the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), or under regulations promulgated by the Secretary or the National Indian Gaming Commission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nevada? There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2009, which would authorize a land exchange involving the Pacific Yaqui Tribe, the Tucson Unified School District, and the Department of the Interior. Specifically, the bill would require the Secretary of the Interior to place 40 acres of adjacent public land into trust for the tribe upon conveyance to the United States from the Tucson Unified School District. According to the tribe, acquiring these lands will help with reservation access and prevent or control flooding during significant rain events. According to the tribe, heavy rain events occur frequently during Tucson’s monsoon season. b1800 The bill would also require the conveyance of a 13acre parcel of public land to the Tucson Unified School District and eliminate a revisionary interest held by the United States in a 27 acre parcel previously patented to the Tucson Unified School District under 
the Recreation and Public Purposes Act. The bill would also require the Tucson Unified School District to pay fair market value for the land and the revisionary interest received. I want to thank the ranking member from the Committee on Natural Resources for his efforts on the legislation and urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), the sponsor and my good friend, and commend him for bringing this legislation to the floor. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Missouri for his support of the legislation. As we heard, H.R. 2009 is the culmination of a longstanding land agreement between Tucson Unified School District, TUSD, and the Pascua Yaqui Tribe. Last Congress we finalized the first part of the agreement with the passage and signing of H.R. 507, which conveyed two 10acre parcels to the tribe. Passage of this bill will complete the second part of the agreement to the mutual benefit of both parties involved as well as the surrounding communities. The 40acre parcel of land referenced in the bill is currently deeded to TUSD under the Recreation and Public Purposes Act, but TUSD has no intention of using the land for the stated purpose. Instead, the tribe will be able to utilize the parcel to construct flood control measures to protect the reservation and surrounding communities from flash flooding during Arizona monsoon season. Additionally, the land conveyed to TUSD will allow the district to better plan for future expansion and best use scenarios without the encumbrances encountered under the Recreation and Public Purposes Act. I would like to note that the tribe and TUSD have had, and continue to have, a great working relationship, especially when it comes to the land use decisions around the Pascua Yaqui reservation. This bill is a direct result of that relationship and was negotiated with input from all parties involved and with an eye to the most effective use of the parcels. In closing, let me take the time to thank Chairman YOUNG and Ranking Member RUIZfor their work on the legislation in the subcommittee; and, of course, a special thanks to Chairman BISHOP for working with me to bring it to the floor today. I urge adoption of the legislation. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inform my colleague I have no further speakers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Ranking Member GRIJALVA for bringing forward this legislation. I urge its quick adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time also. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2009, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 269, I did events with Hoover National Security Affairs Fellows and with students at American University. I did my best to get back for all votes. Unfortunately I got caught in traffic and missed the first vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 269, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ f 
CLARIFYING ELIGIBILITY OF LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCY TIMELIMITED EMPLOYEES FOR PERMANENT APPOINTMENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4906) to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of employees of a land management agency in a timelimited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Federal agency, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 363, nays 0, not voting 70, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Black Brown (FL) Ca´rdenas Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Crowley Curbelo (FL) Denham Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Foxx Gutie´rrez Hahn Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCarthy Meeks Nadler Napolitano Norcross Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pittenger Rohrabacher Rokita Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sherman Sires Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Turner Vargas Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1900 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 270, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 270. 
MAKING ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABLE BY YIELDING TANGIBLE EFFICIENCIES ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4904) to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 366, nays 0, not voting 67, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bishop (GA) Black Brown (FL) Ca´rdenas Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Crowley Curbelo (FL) Denham Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Foxx Gutie´rrez Hahn Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCarthy Meeks Nadler Norcross Pascrell Payne Pittenger Rohrabacher Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sherman Sires Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Turner Vargas Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Zinke b1907 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EASTERN NEVADA LAND IMPLEMENTATION IMPROVEMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1815) to facilitate certain pinyonjuniper related projects in Lincoln County, Nevada, to modify the boundaries of certain wilderness areas in the State of Nevada, and to provide for the implementation of a conservation plan for the Virgin River, Nevada, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 360, nays 7, not voting 66, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Amash Duncan (SC) Griffith Huizenga (MI) Perry Poe (TX) Ratcliffe 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Black Brown (FL) Capps Ca´rdenas Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Crowley Curbelo (FL) Denham Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farr Fattah Fincher Foxx Gutie´rrez Hahn Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCarthy Meeks Nadler Norcross Pascrell Payne Pittenger Rohrabacher Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sherman Sires Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Turner Vargas Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Zinke ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago tomorrow, Ariel Grace’s life ended before it had a chance to begin— killed by the failure of the unsafe medical device, Essure. Despite her tragic passing, there remains no legal recourse to seek justice. That is why, on the 1year anniversary of her death, I will introduce Ariel Grace’s Law in order to resolve the broken law that prevents the families of Ariel Grace and thousands of others to have their voices heard in court. At the same time, I will offer legislation to reform the flawed FDA process that allowed another dangerous device—a laparoscopic power morcellator—to spread deadly cancer throughout the bodies of women like shrapnel. Despite case after case, no one reported the harm to the FDA—not even their own doctors. The Medical Device Guardians Act will add doctors into the list of entities that must report unsafe devices so that lifesaving action can be taken quickly when it is needed to protect others. The institutions and regulations that are designed to protect our constituents from unsafe devices in these cases and others have failed. It is time we take action to address them. f 
LACASA CENTER (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a charitable organization in my district, the LACASA Center. Located in Howell, Michigan, LACASA is celebrating its 35th year of empowering and supporting victims of abuse, assault, and violence. LACASA’s goal is to advocate for and to provide services to victims of violent crimes. It also works to educate the community on issues of domestic abuse, child abuse, and sexual assault. The services LACASA provides are instrumental in assisting members of our community, whether that comes in the form of shelter, meals, counseling, or education. I have seen the amazing work that LACASA does firsthand, and I had the opportunity to tour the facility earlier this year. LACASA’s President and CEO is Bobette Schrandt. She is a tireless advocate for those whom she serves and is an incredible asset to our community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to pay tribute to such a charitable organization in my district. Congratulations, LACASA, on your 35th anniversary, and thank you for your dedication to our great community. 
SOLDIERS CLIMB TO SUMMIT OF MOUNT EVEREST (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Second Lieutenant Harold Earls, Captain Elyse Ping Medvigy, and Staff Sergeant Chad Jukes, who successfully climbed to the 29,000foot summit of Mount Everest on Tuesday, May 24, 2016. Staff Sergeant Jukes is a veteran who lost his leg while fighting in Iraq in 2006, making the feat even more amazing; and Lieutenant Earls is a Third ID soldier who is currently stationed at Fort Benning in west Georgia. The soldiers’ goal in reaching Mount Everest is overshadowed by their ultimate goal of gaining support for veterans’ and soldiers’ mental health. With the trip to the summit, they raised $109,000 to support the mental health groups Give an Hour and Stop Soldier Suicide. The climb was the debut of U.S. Expeditions and Explorations, which is a nonprofit organization founded by Lieutenant Earls. The entire trip, including a long preparation period, lasted over a year. I congratulate these men for reaching the summit of Mount Everest, and I thank them for their service to our Nation and to servicemen’s and women’s mental health. f 
WATER WASTING BUREAUCRACIES (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, despite our first wet winter in California in years, misguided Federal agencies threaten to cut off the water supplies of millions of Californians. On one hand, the National Marine Fisheries Service demands that Shasta Dam releases be drastically cut, allegedly to protect winter run salmon later on in the season. On the other hand, the Fish and Wildlife Service plans to spend as much as $150 million in buying water to drastically increase Shasta releases to the delta, allegedly to protect delta smelt—dumping water in the middle of this year. That is right, Mr. Speaker. Federal agencies are simultaneously demanding that more water be released from reservoirs, not for human use, and that more water be kept in the reservoirs but not for human use. Neither demand is backed by science but, rather, by whim or by hunch. The only common theme of these contradictory Federal policies is that both plans give Californians the short end of the stick. Mr. Speaker, it is time this lunacy ends and Federal agencies start making decisions based on facts, not on the contradictory whims of unelected bureaucrats, and to protect water users, especially in the North State. 
the EvidenceBased Policymaking Commission Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–140), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Commission on EvidenceBased Policymaking: Mr. Ron Haskins, Rockville, Maryland, CoChairman Mr. Bruce Meyer, Chicago, Illinois Mr. Robert Hahn, Hillsboro Beach, Florida 
TRANSGENDER SURGERY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, as you know, we have had some interesting discussions here on the floor in recent days about transgender as a topic and as individuals of interest. In having talked a couple of times with one man who had been through a sex change operation, what he told me was—really, the best expert in the world on the issue of transgender is the former head of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins, now a retired diplomat, but he speaks for himself. Anyway, there was an article published back in 2014 that Dr. Paul McHugh had updated and that has been republished in the Wall Street Journal on May 13, 2016. It is entitled ‘‘Transgender Surgery Isn’t the Solution: A drastic physical change doesn’t address underlying psychosocial troubles.’’ Since there are so many people who have opined on this subject who have not dealt seriously with the issue, it seemed like it would be helpful to read from this article that was written by what one transgender explained was a great article by whom he thought was the world’s leading expert on transgender issues. b1930 But Dr. Paul McHugh, who obviously is a brilliant man and obviously a man who cares very deeply about individuals, especially those who have transgender as an issue, says: ‘‘The government and media alliance advancing the transgender cause has gone into overdrive in recent weeks. On May 30, a U.S. Department of Health and Human Services review board ruled that Medicare can pay for the ‘reassignment’ surgery sought by the transgendered—those who say that they don’t identify with their biological sex. Earlier last month Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said that he was ‘open’ to lifting a ban on transgender individuals serving in the military. Time magazine, seeing the trend, ran a cover story for its June 9 issue called ‘The Transgender Tipping Point: America’s next civil rights frontier.’ ‘‘Yet policymakers and the media are doing no favors either to the public or the transgendered by treating their confusions as a right in need of defending rather than as a mental disorder that deserves understanding, treatment, and prevention. This intensely felt sense of being transgendered constitutes a mental disorder in two respects. The first is that the idea of sex misalignment is simply mistaken—it does not correspond with physical reality. The second is that it can lead to grim psychological outcomes.’’ Let me insert parenthetically here into Dr. McHugh’s article, having talked to him twice in the last couple of weeks. He was aware—and he pointed out that the DSM–V, the latest Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition, evolves over time in line with the new scientific training and information available. It renames, as required, as they believe is appropriate, different conditions that may be diagnosed in accepted diagnoses. In the fifth edition of the DSM, it has gone from calling transgender a mental disorder to calling it a dysphoria, a gender dysphoria. Dysphoria basically is the opposite— it is an antonym of euphoria, and it basically means that someone is generally dissatisfied with their biological sex. And Dr. McHugh said that he thinks that ‘‘dysphoria’’ probably is a better word than ‘‘disorder’’ because it makes clearer what the situation is. It is someone who is generally not satisfied with their biological sex. His article goes on, though, and says: ‘‘The transgendered suffer a disorder of ‘assumption’ like those in other disorders familiar to psychiatrists. With the transgendered, the disordered assumption is that the individual differs from what seems given in nature— namely one’s maleness or femaleness. Other kinds of disordered assumptions are held by those who suffer from anorexia and bulimia nervosa, where the assumption that departs from physical reality is the belief by the dangerously thin that they are overweight.’’ Dr. McHugh goes on and says: ‘‘With body dysmorphic disorder, an often socially crippling condition, the individual is consumed by the assumption ‘I’m ugly.’ These disorders occur in subjects who have come to believe that some of their psychosocial conflicts or problems will be resolved if they can change the way that they appear to others. Such ideas work like ruling passions in their subjects’ mind and tend to be accompanied by a solipsistic argument.’’ Dr. McHugh goes on: ‘‘For the transgendered, this argument holds that one’s feeling of ‘gender’ is a conscious, subjective sense that, being in one’s mind, cannot be questioned by others. The individual often seeks not just society’s tolerance of this ‘personal truth’ but affirmation of it. Here rests the support for ‘transgender equality,’ the demands for government payment for medical and surgical treatments, and for access to all sexbased public roles and privileges.’’ Dr. McHugh makes really important points as he goes forward: ‘‘With this argument, advocates for the transgendered have persuaded several states—including California, New Jersey, and Massachusetts—to pass laws barring psychiatrists, even with parental permission, from striving to restore natural gender feelings to a transgender minor. That government can intrude into parents’ rights to seek help in guiding their children indicates how powerful these advocates have become.’’ He goes on: ‘‘How to respond? Psychiatrists obviously must challenge the solipsistic concept that what is in the mind cannot be questioned. Disorders of consciousness, after all, represent psychiatry’s domain; declaring them offlimits would eliminate the field.’’ We are talking about psychiatry. Dr. McHugh says: ‘‘Many will recall how, in the 1990s, an accusation of parental sex abuse of children was deemed unquestionable by the solipsists of the ‘recovered memory’ craze.’’ Dr. McHugh goes on and says: ‘‘You won’t hear it from those championing transgender equality, but controlled and followup studies reveal fundamental problems with this movement. When children who reported transgender feelings were tracked without medical or surgical treatment at both Vanderbilt University and London’s Portman Clinic, 70%–80% of them spontaneously lost those feelings. Some 25% did have persisting feelings; what differentiates those individuals remains to be discerned.’’ As he pointed out on the air about 10 days ago, we all can recall girls we grew up with that were considered tomboys, who later grew up to be quite beautiful and quite feminine. They didn’t need any liberals rushing in and forcing them to go in the boy’s restroom because they identified more with what boys were doing. But Dr. McHugh goes on in his article, and he says: ‘‘We at Johns Hopkins University— which in the 1960s was the first American medical center to venture into ‘sexreassignment surgery’—launched a study in the 1970s comparing the outcomes of transgendered people who had the surgery with the outcomes of those who did not.’’ I will insert parenthetically that I remember reading that Johns Hopkins medical center had been the first hospital in the United States to begin doing sex change operations back in the ’60s. I remembered reading that. I never remembered reading that they ever stopped. But Dr. McHugh’s article points out—and I am going back and reading from the article: ‘‘Most of the surgically treated patients described themselves as ‘satisfied’ by the results, but their subsequent psychosocial adjustments were no better than those who didn’t have 
the surgery. And so at Hopkins we stopped doing sexreassignment surgery, since producing a ‘satisfied’ but still troubled patient seemed an inadequate reason for surgically amputating normal organs. ‘‘It now appears that our longago decision was a wise one.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, I never remembered reading anywhere and I don’t recall articles talking about how Johns Hopkins said, look, we are having no better mental, emotional results from those who have had the surgery, so we are going to stop doing the surgery. This was Johns Hopkins; they were on the cutting edge of trying to advance gender change or sex change operations. They were doing those originally. This forwardlooking, peoplecaring institution at Johns Hopkins medical center decided years ago that we may be doing more harm than good and we are going to stop doing sex change surgery. So no one can accuse them of trying to make more money—because obviously they would make money from the sex change operations—and not make money from stopping the sex change operations. But apparently those in charge at Johns Hopkins took rather serious the idea that doctors should first do no harm. He goes on and points out in his article: ‘‘A 2011 study at the Karolinska Institute in Sweden produced the most illuminating results yet regarding the transgendered, evidence that should give advocates pause. The longterm study—up to 30 years—followed 324 people’’—so they have got hundreds in their database here and are following for 30 years—‘‘who had sexreassignment surgery. The study revealed that beginning about 10 years after having the surgery, the transgendered began to experience increasing mental difficulties. Most shockingly, their suicide mortality rose almost 20fold above the comparable nontransgender population. This disturbing result has as yet no explanation but probably reflects the growing sense of isolation reported by the aging transgendered after surgery. The high suicide rate certainly challenges the surgery prescription.’’ Now, Mr. Speaker, I know there are people on the floor that are pushing for civil rights equality for the transgender and to let them go into whatever restrooms they feel like represents the gender they are at that particular time, but the studies have shown that when someone has a general dissatisfaction with their biological sex, that doing the surgery to make them that sex gives them 20 times more likelihood of committing suicide. b1945 I know there is nobody on the other side of the aisle who has been pushing this issue that wants people to commit suicide at 20 times the rate of nontransgendered people, but this is where this ultimately goes. I don’t believe our President wants people to commit suicide at 20 times the rate of nontransgendered people, yet what he is urging right now, the best studies in the world indicate will be the outcome. What this President is doing in pushing people who at one point in their lives have a general dissatisfaction, or dysphoria, with their biological sex is causing more damage for these individuals down the road than he will be around to do anything about. It is not enough to say, ‘‘I care more than you do for those who want men to go in girls dressing rooms and bathrooms’’ when you are doing the kind of harm that the best studies in the world are showing has been done. Back to Dr. McHugh’s article, he says: ‘‘There are subgroups of the transgendered, and for none does ‘reassignment’ seem apt. One group includes male prisoners like Pvt. Bradley Manning, the convicted nationalsecurity leaker who now wishes to be called Chelsea. Facing long sentences and the rigors of a men’s prison, they have an obvious motive for wanting to change their sex and hence their prison. Given that they committed their crimes as males, they should be punished as such; after serving their time, they will then be free to reconsider their gender. ‘‘Another subgroup consists of young men and women susceptible to suggestion from ‘everything is normal’ sex education, amplified by Internet chat groups. These are the transgender subjects most like anorexia nervosa patients: they become persuaded that seeking a drastic physical change will banish their psychosocial problems. ‘Diversity’ counselors in their schools, rather like cult leaders, may encourage these young people to distance themselves from their families and offer advice on rebutting arguments against having transgender surgery. Treatments here must begin with removing the young person from the suggestive environment and offering a counter message in family therapy.’’ That is not me. That is what one transgendered gentleman who has had the sex change operation and knows more about transgender than any M.D. in the world, Dr. Paul McHugh. Now, Dr. McHugh, when I talked to him, said he thinks there are some others who know more, but they support his positions on what he is saying, which helped him come to these positions. But Dr. McHugh goes on: ‘‘Then there is the subgroup of very young, often prepubescent children who notice distinct sex roles in the culture and, exploring how they fit in, begin imitating the opposite sex. Misguided doctors at medical centers including Boston’s Children’s Hospital have begun trying to treat this behavior by administering pubertydelaying hormones to render later sex change surgeries less onerous—even though the drugs stunt the children’s growth and risk causing sterility. Given that close to 80 percent of such children would abandon their confusion and grow naturally into an adult life if untreated, these medical interventions come close to child abuse. A better way to help these children: with devoted parenting.’’ This psychiatrist says: ‘‘At the heart of the problem is confusion over the nature of the transgendered. ‘Sex change’ is biologically impossible. People who undergo sex reassignment surgery do not change from men to women or vice versa. Rather, they become feminized men or masculinized women. Claiming that this is a civil rights matter and encouraging surgical intervention is in reality to collaborate with and promote a mental disorder’’— or mental dysphoria, if you would rather. Then I have this article from Walt Heyer. Having visited with Walt, I have eminent respect for this man who underwent a sex change operation from man to woman years ago. He is now in his seventies. This is his article published in The Daily Signal May 16 of this year. He says: ‘‘President Barack Obama, the titular head of the LGBT movement, has added to the firestorm of confusion, misunderstanding, and fury surrounding the transgender bathroom debate by threatening schools with loss of Federal funding unless they allow students to join the sexsegregated restroom, locker room, and sports teams of their chosen gender, without regard to biological reality: ‘‘I know firsthand what it is like to be a transgender person—and how misguided it is to think one can change gender through hormones and surgery.’’ Walt Heyer says: ‘‘His action,’’ talking about President Obama, ‘‘comes after weeks of protest against the State of North Carolina for its so called antiLGBT bathroom bill. ‘‘As someone who underwent surgery from male to female and lived as a female for 8 years before returning to living as a man, I know firsthand what it is like to be a transgender person—and how misguided it is to think one can change gender through hormones and surgery. ‘‘And I know that the North Carolina bill and others like it are not anti LGBT.’’ He says: ‘‘L is for lesbian. The bill is not antilesbian because lesbians have no desire to enter a stinky men’s restroom. Lesbians will use the women’s room without a second thought. So the law is not antiL. ‘‘G is for gay. Gay men have no interest in using women’s bathrooms. So the law is not antiG. ‘‘B is for bisexual. The B in the LGBT have never been confused about their gender. Theirs is also a sexual preference only that doesn’t affect choice of restroom or locker.’’ But he says: ‘‘The North Carolina law is not antiT because the law clearly states that the appropriate restroom is the one that corresponds to the gender stated on the birth certificate. Therefore, a transgender person with a birth 
certificate that reads ‘female’ uses the female restroom, even if the gender noted at birth was male. ‘‘So, you see, the law is not anti LGBT. What then is all the uproar about?’’ Walt Heyer goes on, he says: ‘‘What has arisen is a new breed emerging among young people that falls outside the purview of the LGBT: the gender nonconformists. ‘‘Gender nonconformists, who constitute a minuscule fraction of society, want to be allowed to designate a gender on a fluid basis, based on their feelings at the moment.’’ Walt Heyer says: ‘‘I call this group ‘gender defiant’ because they protest against the definition of fixed gender identities of male and female. The gender defiant individuals are not like traditional transgender or transsexual persons who struggle with gender dysphoria and want hormone therapy, hormone blockers, and eventually, reassignment surgery. The gender defiant group doesn’t want to conform, comply, or identify with traditional gender norms of male and female. They want to have gender fluidity, flowing freely from one gender to another, by the hour or day, as they feel like it.’’ Mr. Speaker, coming from a transgender individual who had sex change surgery, this is quite an article. He goes on to say: ‘‘Under the cover of the LGBT, the antigender faction and its supporters are using the North Carolina bathroom bill to light a fuse to blow up factual gender definitions. ‘‘He does not grasp the biological fact that genders are not fluid, but fixed: male and female. ‘‘Obama is championing the insanity of eliminating the traditional definition of gender. He does not grasp the biological fact that genders are not fluid, but fixed: male and female.’’ Here I would also like to insert parenthetically. This is not from Walt Heyer. But in talking with Dr. McHugh, who had headed up psychiatry for so many years at Johns Hopkins, who cares deeply about people who are confused over gender, he was pointing out—he brought up the MMPI and asked if I knew what that was. Well, I knew. It is the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Index, as I recall. But it is a personality test, and as far as I know, it is the most complete testing anybody has done on personality. It has different scales in there, and as Dr. McHugh pointed out, scale 5 is masculine at one end, feminine at another end. Based on the questions that are asked, the MMPI score gives an indication on the malefemale scale as to where someone is in that scale. It has nothing to do with biological sex. Apparently, most of us may have different places on that scale at different ages, and there is nothing abnormal about that. People are to be comforted and counseled, not have laws passed that they can’t get help from their parents, they can’t get help from loving counselors, they can’t get help from psychiatrists. As Dr. McHugh pointed out, when these States like California and New Jersey pass laws that some confused minor with no biological indications of a problem, so the problem is all in the mind, when you pass laws saying you can’t get counseling for what is all in the mind, as Dr. McHugh says sarcastically, you might as well outlaw all of psychiatry because what they deal with are things that have not presented normally. They have not presented a biological scientific issue. Going back to Walt Heyer’s article, he says: ‘‘Gender nonconformists, who constitute a minuscule fraction of society, want to be allowed to designate gender on a fluid basis, based on their feelings at the moment.’’ He said: ‘‘I call this group ’gender defiant’ because they protest against the definition of fixed gender identities of male and female. The gender defiant individuals are not like traditional transgender or transsexual persons who struggle with gender dysphoria and want hormone therapy, hormone blockers, and eventually, reassignment. The gender defiant group doesn’t want to conform, comply, or identify with traditional gender norms of male and female.’’ And I know I have read this, but this is so critical. He says: ‘‘Under the cover of LGBT, the antigender faction and its supporters are using the North Carolina bathroom bill to light a fuse to blow up factual gender definitions.’’ Now, going on: ‘‘Using the power of his position,’’ talking about our President, ‘‘to influence the elimination of gender, overruling science, genetics, and biblical beliefs, is Obama’s display of political power.’’ b2000 ‘‘One fact will remain, no matter how deep in the tank Obama goes for the gender nonconformists, genetics and God’s design of male and female, no matter how repugnant that is to some, cannot be changed. Biological gender remains fixed no matter how many crossgender hormones are taken or cosmetic surgeries are performed. No law can change the genetic and biblical truth of God’s design. Using financial blackmail to achieve the elimination of gender will become Obama’s ugly legacy.’’ Now that is from a guy who has had the surgery, who has had the hormones. He has been through it all. Walt Heyer has a blog. He has overcome his alcohol addiction. I asked him—I don’t think he would mind me repeating—I said that we learned from the Swedish study over 30 years, people that have had these sex change operations are 20 times more likely to commit suicide. I said: Did those thoughts enter your mind—suicidal ideations? And he indicated that he had tried to commit suicide. I didn’t elaborate. This is a man that knows. And so is Dr. Paul McHugh. To try to make this a new civil rights issue holds these people up for political football. Everybody knows footballs get changed out from game to game. Some political football will be the new football in another game. I doubt that the people in this room that have been using transgender as a football will go back like the Swedish study or the Johns Hopkins study did and see the damage that has been done. Eighty percent, if left untreated, have very, very normal lives and normal mental affect down the road—if they are left untreated. But my friends who support this want to make them a political football. We have this article, then, from June 3. Melody Wood wrote the headline: 6 Men Who Disguised Themselves as Women to Access Bathrooms. She reports: ‘‘The Obama administration has unlawfully rewritten law, meddling in State and local matters, and imposing bad policy on the entire Nation. ‘‘Americans agree that while we should be sensitive to transgender individuals, others also have rights of privacy, safety, and their own beliefs that deserve respect and should not simply be pushed aside, especially when transgender persons can be accommodated in other ways. ‘‘The risk to the privacy and safety of women and girls is real. There have been numerous cases in recent years of men either crossdressing or claiming to be transgender in order to access women’s bathrooms and locker rooms for inappropriate purposes. ‘‘Here are six examples: ‘‘In 2009, a sex offender named Richard Rendler was arrested for wearing fake breasts and a wig while loitering in a woman’s restroom in Campbell, California, shopping center. Rendler had previously been arrested on charges of child molestation and indecent exposure. ‘‘In 2010, Berkeley police arrested Gregorio Hernandez. Hernandez had disguised himself as a woman on two separate occasions to get inside a UC Berkeley locker room. Once in the locker room, Hernandez allegedly used his cell phone to photograph women. ‘‘In 2013, Jason Pomare was arrested for crossdressing in order to gain access to the women’s restroom at a Macy’s department store in Palmdale, California. Pomare snuck a video camera in to secretly videotape women while they used the restroom. ‘‘In 2014, Christopher Hambrook—who faked being a transgender person named Jessica—was jailed in Toronto, Canada. Hambrook preyed on women at two Toronto shelters, and had previously preyed on other women and girls as young as five years old to as old as 53. Hambrook’s case in particular shows the importance of protecting the privacy and safety of some of our most vulnerable citizens: the homeless and others who seek emergency shelter. And yet, the Obama administration recently proposed a rule 
that would impose a ‘gender identity’ mandate here as well. ‘‘In 2015, two spying instances were recorded in Virginia—one at a mall and one at a Walmart. Both instances involved a man in women’s clothing who used a mirror and camera to take pictures of a mother and her 5yearold daughter and a 53yearold woman while they were in neighboring restroom stalls. The suspect wore a pink shirt and a long wig to present himself as a woman. ‘‘In 2016, a man used a women’s locker room at a public swimming pool in Washington State to undress in front of young girls who were changing for swim practice. When Seattle Parks and Recreation staff asked him to leave, the man claimed that ‘the law has changed and I have a right to be here.’ The man was apparently referring to a Washington State rule that allows individuals to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity. However, the man made no attempt to present as a woman. ‘‘As these examples illustrate, there are people who will abuse transgender policies. Although the Obama administration wants to keep its focus on bathrooms, its transgender directive goes much farther and actually requires biological male students who identify as female to be granted unfettered access to women’s and girls’ showers at school gyms. ‘‘So what are women and girls to do when a biological male wearing a wig and makeup walks into an open shower next to them and they are shocked by the intrusion? According to the administration’s directive, ‘the desire to accommodate others’ discomfort’ is no reason at all to prevent transgender people from accessing the intimate facilities of their choice. ‘‘Moreover, the directive prevents schools from requiring transgender people to have surgery, take hormones, have a medical diagnosis, or even act or dress in any particular way before having the ‘right’ to be treated exactly like a person of the opposite sex. ‘‘The logical effect would be to silence women and girls who might otherwise speak out to prevent serious crimes from happening for fear that they would be accused of bigotry if they make the wrong call. ‘‘The interests and desires of transgender persons, especially adults, shouldn’t be placed over the privacy and safety of women and girls. There are ways of accommodating transgender people with private facilities without endangering and silencing women who could be hurt by policies allowing anyone unfettered access to their lockers, showers, and bathrooms.’’ That is from Melody Wood. It also reminds me of back years ago when the issue of hate crimes was arising and we were going to punish people more severely based on what was in their minds, such as did they choose a person, a victim, based on their being a member of an identifiable group? That created a problem for me as one who has sentenced felons up to and including the death penalty, because from the testimony we heard over and over, those who used to be called sociopaths under the old DSMII became antisocial personality disorder. But they knew right from wrong. They just chose to do wrong. And they would pick victims at random. They didn’t really care. The people that testified in my court repeatedly made clear that if someone has this antisocial personality disorder, formerly sociopath, psychopath, they had less chance of being reformed and coming out of prison and shying away from wrongdoing. A lesser chance of reforming them. Whereas the testimony indicated in different cases that if someone committed an act in the heat of passion— often it was a onetime crime that had to be punished for its own crime’s sake, but that they were not likely to ever commit that crime again. There were some who committed crimes. They were not antisocial personality, but they had been brought up to hate a specific group or people, and they committed some act or crime against them. I always made sure—it didn’t matter whether they picked their victim because of sexual orientation—if they committed an assault of any kind, up to and including murder, I made sure they were punished severely for the crime they committed, because every person deserves to be protected from an assault. So hate crimes comes in. And those who chose a person based on a hatred they were taught, there are indications there have been some great successes with confrontations between them after they were sentenced with victims or victims’ families in which the person who was not an antisocial personality would weep and recant and apologize and beg for forgiveness and never have that kind of hatred again and would begin associating with people, whether they were of a different race, creed, color, or gender. They had a better chance of being rehabilitated. Yet, the hate crime law came in. In fact, under the Federal law, if you convince a jury—just raise a reasonable doubt as a defendant—no, I didn’t pick that victim because they were this, that, or the other; I just wanted to shoot somebody that day—if you raise a reasonable doubt that you may have randomly picked the victim, it is a complete defense to the Federal hate crime law. That is a messed up law. I also gave the example that, based on so many of the hate crime laws, you could someday—and I was called crazy and all kind of names for giving this example—but the example I thought many years ago that was appropriate, based on the hate crimes legislation, is that you could have a situation where a mother and her young daughter are standing on a street corner, somebody opens their trench coat and flashes the daughter, and the mother, out of that protective instinct they have to protect the child, hits the flasher with her purse. The flasher—in a lot of jurisdictions, that is a minimal misdemeanor—probably would never do any jail time. He might have to pay a fine or spend 1 day in jail. But because the woman hit him because of his sexual orientation toward flashing, then she is now guilty under many hate crime laws of committing a felony and can get prison time under these misguided hate crime laws. And I warned that we would get to this point. And then when I hear on the news some woman got mad when a guy came in dressed as a woman, scared her, and she hit him, then she gets arrested. This is what happens. This is the kind of miscarriage of justice you get when we don’t base laws on facts. And then we have this article from Rebecca Kheel. Of course, most of us have heard the headlines. We know the Department of Veterans Affairs, or the VA, has had problems. People have been dying while waiting to get the treatment they needed. And now the VA proposes covering surgeries for transgender vets. They are not even taking care of the vets when they need help, and now they are going to take up a procedure that Johns Hopkins says does more harm than good, that the best study in the world from Sweden says they are going to be 20 times more likely to kill themselves. Have we not lost enough veterans already? The VA wants to make them 20 times more vulnerable to suicide than they already are? It is time to stop the nonsense. And I would submit, Mr. Speaker, having reviewed the information that Dr. Paul McHugh from Johns Hopkins provided and Walt Heyer provided and that I looked into based on their direction, one thing is imminently clear: the issue of transgender is not based on biological science, it is not based on medical science, it is not based on physical science, it is not based on chemical science. There is only one science that this whole transgender issue before the Congress is based on, and that is political science. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agree to the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2576) ‘‘An Act to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes.’’. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CURBELO of Florida (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on 
account of his flight being delayed from Miami to Washington, D.C. Mr. DUFFY (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and June 8 on account of the birth of his child. Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and June 8 on account of business in the district. Ms. BROWN of Florida (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of flight delayed. Mr. FARR (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through June 10 on account of family and health issues. Ms. JACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of official business. Mr. PAYNE (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of official business. Mr. SWALWELL of California (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of primary election day in California. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 3, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 3601. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building.’’ H.R 3735. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office.’’ H.R 3866. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 4046. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. H.R. 4605. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 136. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office.’’ H.R. 433. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office.’’ H.R. 1132. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 2458. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 2928. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office.’’ H.R. 3082. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 3274. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office.’’ Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on June 7, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 88. Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary.’’ f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 8, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. Supplemental report on H.R. 4775. A bill to facilitate efficient State implementation of groundlevel ozone standards, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–598, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5273. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for regulatory relief under the Medicare program for certain providers of services and suppliers and increased transparency in hospital coding and enrollment data, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–604, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CULBERSON: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 5393. A bill making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–605). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. DIAZBALART: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 5394. A bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–606). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 767. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4775) to facilitate efficient State implementation of groundlevel ozone standards, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 89) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; and providing for the consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 112) expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil (Rept. 114–607). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5273 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 5385. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical corrections to the requirement that the Secretary of Homeland Security submit quadrennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. TITUS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. COSTA , and Mr. P OCAN ): H.R. 5386. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to require candidates of major parties for the office of President to disclose recent tax return information; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. CROWLEY ): H.R. 5387. A bill to authorize actions to advance the United StatesIndia relationship, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 5388. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 5389. A bill to encourage engagement between the Department of Homeland Security and technology innovators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself, Mr. RATCLIFFE , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 5390. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Oversight and Government Reform, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 5391. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance certain duties of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5392. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Ms. MATSUI ): H.R. 5395. A bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technologyenabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCDERMOTT (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 5396. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of dental, vision, and hearing care under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. KILMER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. MCDERMOTT , and Mr. HECKof Washington): H.R. 5397. A bill to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5398. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to reform the United States immigration system to provide for a competitive America, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 5399. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report to State licensing authorities impaired, incompetent, and unethical health care activities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for himself and Mr. PIERLUISI ): H.R. 5400. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction for income attributable to domestic production activities in Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5401. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act, to prohibit discrimination based on use of section 8 vouchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5402. A bill to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. M OORE , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C LAY, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. VELA, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. PLASKETT ): H. Res. 766. A resolution honoring in praise and remembrance the extraordinary life, accomplishments, and countless contributions of Mr. Muhammad Ali; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LAMBORN: H. Res. 768. A resolution recognizing the sense of the House of Representatives that it is in the United States’ national security interest for Israel to maintain control of the Golan Heights; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
250. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Oklahoma, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 4, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 251. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Oklahoma, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 4, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5395. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCDERMOTT: H.R. 5396. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 5397. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5398. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 5399. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Unites States Constitution. By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: H.R. 5400. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.’’ Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5401. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5402. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 140: Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 241: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 266: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 335: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 391: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. LEE. H.R. 402: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 448: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 546: Mr. BARR. H.R. 605: Mr. PERRY and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 662: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 663: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 664: Mr. SCHWEIKERT  H.R. 711: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 802: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 835: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 842: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 845: Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 855: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 864: Ms. DUCKWORTH and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 885: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 923: Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 954: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 973: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 997: Mr. CRAMER and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . H.R. 1089: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 1095: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 1151: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1170: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 1188: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1192: Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 1197: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 1283: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1312: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1427: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 1453: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 1459: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 1460: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CONYERS , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 1559: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia and Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 1714: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 1728: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 1763: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. LOEBSACK , and Mr. B RADY of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1859: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1904: Mr. MCDERMOTT and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1905: Mr. MCDERMOTT and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1925: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 1935: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 1943: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2058: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. LANCE . H.R. 2087: Mr. HINOJOSA and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2096: Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 2170: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 2189: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 2215: Mr. COOK. H.R. 2257: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 2285: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 2313: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2315: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. K IND, Mr. PAYNE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. ISSA. H.R. 2404: Mr. ASHFORD and Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER . H.R. 2411: Mrs. DAVIS of California and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 2515: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 2715: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 2732: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 2799: Mr. MCHENRY , Ms. L EE, Mr. EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn sylvania, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Ms. BROWN of Florida. H.R. 2804: Mr. TONKO and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 2874: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2903: Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. RIBBLE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Geor gia, and Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 2920: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 2980: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 2992: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 3011: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 3119: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3222: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 3226: Ms. MOORE and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 3229: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3299: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 3308: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 3323: Mr. HARDY . H.R. 3346: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 3355: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 3381: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. BOUSTANY , and Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER . H.R. 3397: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 3406: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3463: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 3471: Mr. COFFMAN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 3514: Mr. DOGGETT and Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 3516: Mr. MULLIN and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 3520: Mr. GARRETT and Mr. R IGELL . H.R. 3533: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3687: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 3706: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3742: Mr. NUGENT and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 3765: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 3799: Mr. BOUSTANY and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 3815: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. G ARRETT , and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3822: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 3843: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3846: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 3852: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 3880: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 3886: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 3892: Mr. DOLD and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3929: Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Ms. M AXINEWATERS of California, Mr. R OSS, Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 3965: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4073: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 4116: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 4144: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4184: Ms. DELAURO , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4212: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 4247: Mrs. WALORSKI and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 4352: Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 4365: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 4381: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M ICA, Mr. BYRNE , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4456: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. POLLS. H.R. 4462: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4490: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 4514: Mr. MARINO , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. PERRY , Mr. B ARR, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. WALDEN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. LONG. H.R. 4538: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 4556: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4559: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 4592: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. LEWIS, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. PETERS , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. ROSS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. HANNA , Mr. T AKAI, and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H.R. 4612: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 4614: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4626: Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. A BRAHAM , Ms. GRANGER , Mr. H ARPER , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4640: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 4681: Ms. ESHOO and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4683: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4684: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4695: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. SCHRADER , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ . H.R. 4701: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4708: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4715: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 4764: Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4768: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. PEARCE , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi gan, Mr. HUELSKAMP , and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 4770: Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 4796: Mr. CONNOLLY and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4798: Mr. FATTAH . H.R. 4816: Mr. COOPER and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 4819: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4828: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4830: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 4892: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4907: Mr. KINDand Mr. B RADY of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4928: Mr. MASSIE and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4938: Mr. COSTA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. B UCSHON , Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 4955: Mr. CROWLEY and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 4966: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 4979: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4989: Mr. LEWIS and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 4994: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali fornia. H.R. 5008: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 5010: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5044: Mr. CASTRO of Texas and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 5053: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 5073: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 5090: Mr. KILMER , Mr. D OLD, and Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 5113: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 5114: Ms. MATSUI and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 5119: Mr. ROSS, Mr. K INZINGER of Illi nois, and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 5149: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 5170: Mr. MACARTHUR and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5180: Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 5183: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PETERS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5187: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5204: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 5208: Mr. WOODALL . H.R. 5210: Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. C OOK, Mr. R OGERSof Alabama, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. HECKof Nevada, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. CHAFFETZ , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5224: Mr. DESANTIS , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. NEUGEBAUER . H.R. 5235: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5258: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5275: Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. A DERHOLT , and Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5291: Mr. COHEN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 5292: Mr. ENGEL , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. DONOVAN , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. HIGGINS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 5294: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas and Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 5296: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5299: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 5307: Mr. SANFORD and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 5310: Mr. FOSTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. TITUS, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, and Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 5333: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 5338: Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 5340: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 5344: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5351: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. F ORBES . H.R. 5356: Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 5369: Ms. BROWN of Florida and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5373: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. COHEN , Mr. B ECERRA , and Mr. HOYER . H.J. Res. 9: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.J. Res. 87: Mr. GOHMERT . H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. CUMMINGS and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. FORBES . H. Con. Res. 56: Mr. ABRAHAM , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H. Con. Res. 112: Mr. SESSIONS , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. SCALISE . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. MACARTHUR . H. Con. Res. 129: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York and Ms. DUCKWORTH . H. Res. 210: Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. BARR. H. Res. 220: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. R OSS. H. Res. 289: Ms. NORTON and Mr. G ALLEGO . H. Res. 393: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 501: Ms. BONAMICI . H. Res. 591: Mr. KATKO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. FOXX, and Mr. A MODEI . H. Res. 647: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H. Res. 650: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia and Mr. TIPTON . H. Res. 660: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H. Res. 686: Mr. CONYERS , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H. Res. 729: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. COHEN , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. C ALVERT , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. FORBES , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York, Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. TONKO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. PERRY , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. MARINO , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. COOPER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R OONEY of Flor ida, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. WALDEN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 740: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. JORDAN . H. Res. 750: Mr. LAMBORN , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. WAGNER , and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 752: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. VISCLOSKY , and Ms. T ITUS. H. Res. 759: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. RICHMOND . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The Manager’s amendment to be offered to H.R. 4775, Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016, Representative Whitfield, or a designee, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3473 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 2016 No. 89 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 