Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the paper and wood products industry in Virginia, which employs over 1,500 men and women in my district; and I wish to recognize the achievements of the industry in improving purchased energy efficiencies. Sustainability is inherent to the pulp, paper, packaging, tissue, and wood products manufacturing industry. These products are made from renewable and recyclable resources, and these companies have a good track record of managing natural resources in order to ensure that they can continue making useful products in the future. In 2011, the industry established the Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 initiative, pursuing one of the most extensive sets of sustainability goals established for a U.S. manufacturing industry. This week, the American Forest and Paper Association is releasing their 2016 report on the industry’s performance. The industry has improved their purchased energy use per ton of production by 8.1 percent in 2014 compared to the 2005 baseline year, nearing the goal of at least a 10 percent improvement— and some pulp and paper mills are largely energy selfsufficient. In 2014, 15 percent of electricity needed to power manufacturing processes was selfgenerated, in some cases supplying energy to the electric utility grid. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating this industry on taking steps to improve environmental performance, continued economic progress, and support of our communities. I am proud of this industry’s progress and their continued commitment to advance sustainability performance and the fact that they provide jobs throughout the United States. 
IN MEMORY OF SETH RICH (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. I rise to honor the memory of an extraordinary young man who worked in dedicated service at the Democratic National Committee, Seth Conrad Rich. Seth was just 27 years old when he was killed this past weekend in our Nation’s Capital, the victim of an unknown shooter. He was a dedicated, selfless public servant, protecting one of our most essential freedoms: the right of all Americans to vote. He carried out this work because he believed that together we could make the world a better place. We were fortunate to know and work with him. Just last Friday, Seth wrote a response on Facebook to the terrible shootings in Dallas. He wrote: Stop hating each other. . . . We have to be better and more true. . . . Please, stop killing each other. I hope the Members of this body will join me in offering our deepest thoughts and prayers to the Rich family today, but thoughts and prayers are simply not enough. In Seth’s prescient words: We must stop the hate. We must be better and more true. 
TAKE STOCK (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge what is happening in America. I think it is important that all of us, every single citizen, take stock of what is going on in our country. There are a lot of people hurting. There are a lot of people upset, high anxiety, a lot of confusion. I think this is a time for us to take stock as citizens and to think about how we can be better listeners to each others’ concerns. I think this is a time for us to calm down and think deliberatively: How do we open our heart, open our ears, and see if we can understand the perspective that other people share? I think there is one thing that we must all reflect on the most as citizens. I think about Chief Brown in Dallas and that press conference he gave a week ago, where he said: Most days, we don’t feel appreciated. Let’s not make this most days. When a member of our law enforcement wakes up, gets out of bed, has breakfast with their family, kisses their loved ones goodbye, puts that badge on, and walks out the door, they go out there to keep us safe. They go out there to protect the streets. They go out there and risk their lives to preserve our lives. We throw a lot of big words around in this Chamber: ‘‘duty,’’ ‘‘honor,’’ ‘‘sacrifice.’’ They do it every single day. So I think it is so important that, as Americans, we take stock and we thank the men and women serving in our law enforcement all around this country for what they do for us. I think it is really important that we thank their families for enduring the stress and the hardship that comes with such a job. As we try to make most days different than most days in the past, and as we try to make sure that we give our law enforcement community the respect and the thankfulness that they deserve, let’s make sure that we listen to each other in this country so we can better understand, so that we can make most days in the future better days than we have had in the past. Our country is hurting, and it needs to start healing. I urge all Americans to do their best to make this country better. 
TAKE STOCK ON ALL SIDES (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Speaker RYAN for his comments this morning and thank him so much for asking the people of our great country to take stock. I want us to take stock in more ways than one. I often talk about having been born and raised in a parsonage. One of the earliest discussions I remember my father having was with a few other ministers trying to decide what to do about getting rid of a minister that had betrayed his trust. So I think that we have to look at these issues on all sides. I honor police officers. I have relatives who are police officers. I have great friends who are police officers. But the fact of the matter is there are times when people of the cloth need to be defrocked, and there are times when people in the law enforcement community need to take stock. The fact of the matter is we do know that any time you see a young African American being stopped 52 times by one jurisdiction, something is wrong. And I say to my 21yearold grandson son: When you are stopped by the police, suppress your manhood so that you can be sure that you come home safe at night. Let’s take stock on all sides of this issue. This is not about being against law enforcement. I support law enforcement, but I do not support those who use the color blue to commit criminal acts. f 
FACES OF MANUFACTURING RECIPIENT: SAVANNAH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Savannah Global Solutions Company in Pembroke, Georgia, for being Georgia Institute of Technology’s Faces of Manufacturing award recipient for June of 2016. This prestigious award presented by Georgia Tech and the Georgia Manufacturing Extension Partnership program honors a company each month that embodies the face of manufacturing in Georgia. Savannah Global Solutions began as Savannah Forestry Equipment in 1987. After diving head first into the forestry market, the company grew as an example of the American success story. Now, the company operates on an international scale and maintains multiple patents. Furthermore, in 2014, the Small Business Association awarded Savannah Global Solutions with the Exporter of the Year award. I am honored to have Savannah Global Solutions in the First Congressional District of Georgia and thank them for the work they have done to grow America’s economy. I wish them the best of luck in the future. 
UNWILLINGNESS TO WORK HARD AT THE HARD WORK THAT MUST BE DONE (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, today Republicans are shutting down this Congress for the next 53 days. That is true. Most Americans probably won’t notice the difference since the Congress has accomplished so little this year. Last week, Republicans told us this House needed to act on their Homeland Safety and Security Act; but this week, they have abandoned that act because they were so fearful that it would lead to a discussion of gun violence. It is much like what happened last year when they had a muchballyhooed border security bill that would do as much for the border, I guess, as Donald Trump. But at the thought that it might lead to a debate about real immigration reform, they shelved it, abandoned it, and have long forgotten it. When they leave prematurely today, they will have done nothing to accomplish a bipartisan response to the spreading Zika virus, which yesterday led to the birth of the first child with Zikarelated birth defects in Texas. Experts say many more are to come. They will have done nothing about the lead contamination of families in Flint, nothing about justice reform, nothing about the budget. There is an unwillingness to cope with the problems American families face. They have so many needs. There are so many challenges our country faces that we need to work on, but this Congress is totally incapable of doing that work. f 
WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ COORS’ 100TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. TIPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th birthday of Bill Coors, a resident of Golden, Colorado. He will be celebrating this momentous birthday on August 11, 2016. Bill is the grandson of Adolph Coors, the founder of Coors Brewing Company. After graduating with a master’s degree in chemical engineering from Princeton University in 1939, Bill began in the family business. Over the course of 64 years, he worked his way up in the business ranks, starting as a chemical engineer and eventually earning the title of president of the company. Bill retired from Coors in 2003 at the tender age of 87. When Bill first started at Coors, the company was a regional operation. Today, Coors beer is a recognized brand throughout the world. This serves as a testament to Bill’s determination and hard work. His management of Coors Brewing Company has had a tremendous impact on the Third Congressional District of Colorado, and it continues to provide jobs in all parts of the production process, from the earliest stages in the barley fields to the delivery trucks that carry Coors products to their final destination. 
Mr. Speaker, Bill Coors’ life has been full of incredible accomplishments. As a brewery pioneer, a successful manager for his family’s company, and a lifelong Coloradoan, Bill is truly an inspiration for all. It is an honor to pay tribute to Bill’s life and legacy. I wish him a very happy 100th birthday this year. 
b0915 DON’T HAVE TIME FOR THAT (Mr. DEFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, Congress is leaving town for 53 days, the longest break that anyone can remember for Congress to leave town. But I guess, you know, there are no important issues confronting the country. Zika virus—no additional funding, spreading north into the U.S., don’t have time for that. Background checks for firearms purchases, don’t have time for that. But they do have time for a couple of little things here, you know. Every day, Republicans are for states’ rights—except, well, maybe, kind of, today. The State of Vermont passed a law requiring labeling foods produced with GMOs. A number of the major companies are already doing it. Here are some M&Ms. But they are saying it is impossible, impractical, and the American people don’t want to know, and even if they did want to know, we don’t want them to know. So, today, they are going to pass a bill to take care of their corporate friends that will preempt any State from having a meaningful labeling law to inform their citizens, something over 90 percent of Americans would like when it comes to GMOs. And they are going to come up with a meaningless proposal to say, oh, well, you can put a QR code on there, and everybody will pull out their iPhone, and you can give them a lot of information. Instead, we could just do what Mars has already done here: ‘‘partially produced with genetic engineering.’’ But there are a lot of big corporations that don’t want to do that. 
COAL MINERS’ BENEFITS AND PENSIONS (Mr. MCKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, the healthcare benefits and pensions for 120,000 coal miners and their families are in serious jeopardy due to bankruptcies and challenges in the coal industry. This issue isn’t just about a shortfall of funds; it is about people’s lives. A retired coal miner told me his wife has cancer. He was so afraid of losing his healthcare coverage he was nearly in tears. Another retiree told me that he needs his pension to take care of his handicapped granddaughter. These miners are scared. Coal miners helped build this country. They have earned these benefits, and they deserve to have the secure retirement they worked so hard for. Legislation I have been working on for over 3 years will help protect the health care and benefits for these retirees and their families. We need to act soon. Time is running out. Promises were made, promises made by the Federal Government years ago, and those promises need to be kept. Let’s get this bill to the floor so these families can have peace of mind and know that we care about them. f 
manner inconsistent with the trust and confidence placed in him as an officer of the United States, as follows: During his confirmation hearing before the Senate Committee on Finance, John Andrew Koskinen promised, ‘‘We will be transparent about any problems we run into; and the public and certainly this committee will know about those problems as soon as we do.’’ Commissioner Koskinen repeatedly violated that promise. As early as February 2014 and no later than April 2014, he was aware that a substantial portion of Lois Lerner’s emails could not be produced to Congress. However, in a March 19, 2014, letter to Senator WYDEN  of the Senate Committee on Finance, Commissioner Koskinen said, ‘‘We are transmitting today additional information that we believe completes our production to your committee and the House Ways and Means Committee. In light of those productions, I hope that the investigations can be concluded in the very near future.’’ At the time he sent that letter, he knew that the document production was not complete. Commissioner Koskinen did not notify Congress of any problem until June 13, 2014, when he included the information on the fifth page of the third enclosure of a letter to the Senate Committee on Finance. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and trial and removal from office. Article 4: John Andrew Koskinen has failed to act with competence and forthrightness in overseeing the investigation into Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans because of their political affiliations as follows: Commissioner Koskinen stated in a hearing on June 20, 2014, that the Internal Revenue Service had ‘‘gone to great lengths’’ to retrieve all of Lois Lerner’s emails. Commissioner Koskinen’s actions contradicted the assurances he gave to Congress. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found over 1,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails that the Internal Revenue Service had failed to produce. Those discoveries took only 15 days of investigation to uncover. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration searched a number of available sources, including disaster backup tapes, Lois Lerner’s BlackBerry, the email server, backup tapes for the email server, and Lois Lerner’s temporary replacement laptop. The Internal Revenue Service failed to examine any of those sources in its own investigation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeachment, trial, and removal from office. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the majority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair within 2 legislative days after the resolution is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gentleman from Louisiana will appear in the RECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point determine whether the resolution constitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the resolution. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO CONCUR ON S. 764, NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question on adoption of the motion to concur on S. 764 be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 822, I call up the bill (S. 764) to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment to the House amendment. Senate amendment to House amendment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted, insert the following: 
The Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle E—National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Standard 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle, subtitle E, or any regulation, rule, or requirement promulgated in accordance with this subtitle or subtitle E shall be construed to preempt any remedy created by a State or Federal statutory or common law right.’’. 
In the case of a food certified under the national organic program established under the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.), the certification shall be considered sufficient to make a claim regarding the absence of bioengineering in the food, such as ‘‘not bioengineered’’, ‘‘nonGMO’’, or another similar claim. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Conaway moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill, S. 764. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 822, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b0930 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 764. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for thousands of years, mankind has used biotechnology in its various forms to improve crops and livestock. In fact, these technologies have led to the evolution of nearly every food product we consume and have enabled us to enjoy the safest, highest quality, and most abundant and affordable supply food and fiber in the history of the world. The majority of the scientific community, including the American Medical Association, the World Health Organization, and the National Academy of Sciences, contends that food products grown with the use of biotechnology are just as safe as, if not safer than, any other food. Just last month, a group of 107 Nobel laureates joined the effort to fight back against the antiscience, activist group Greenpeace for its attempts to 
stifle these lifesaving advances. With almost 800 million malnourished people worldwide and the global population expected to rise to 9 billion by 2050, we are more reliant on biotechnology than ever to meet the everincreasing demand for a safe and stable food supply. In recent years, campaigns against agricultural biotechnology have raised concerns among consumers, and some States have begun to implement arbitrary and inconsistent labeling laws that threaten to increase consumer confusion and food costs while ultimately interfering with interstate commerce. The bill before us today addresses these issues by providing a blueprint for a nationwide uniform standard for labeling products derived from biotechnology. Though I believe the government should only require labels when it is a matter of health or safety, or to provide valuable nutritional information, it is important that this StatebyState patchwork not disrupt the nationwide marketing of food. With the Vermont mandate kicking in earlier this month, time is now of the essence. I reached out to USDA last week, asking for clarification on the limits of authority that the Senate bill vests with the Secretary. USDA’S response has helped to provide much needed clarity. I include in the RECORD  those letters. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, advances in biotechnology are key to the future of agriculture and to ensuring the world has an adequate and stable supply of food. Those advances can only be maintained if we preserve interstate commerce while turning the page on a debate that has unnecessarily maligned this lifesaving technology. I stand in support of this bill and encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are considering today, S. 764, recognizes consumers’ demand to know more about their food by directing USDA to create a national, mandatory genetically engineered food labeling program. My colleagues may remember that almost a year ago, this Chamber passed legislation to establish a voluntary labeling program. I still believe a voluntary label is best, but, frankly, if we are going to address this issue—and, as the chairman said, we are out of time— we need to work with the Senate. This is the compromise that was reached and, in my opinion, is probably the only alternative that is available at this point. Science tells us that foods and ingredients from genetically engineered crops are safe to eat. This technology 
allows farmers to protect natural resources and provide an abundant food supply. Unfortunately, there is a lot of public confusion about these issues, but labeling products is really more about marketing than any safety concerns that people have. This legislation is needed to avoid a situation where 50 States set up 50 different labels, which would only create confusion for consumers, farmers, and food companies. News reports indicate that Vermont’s labeling law, which went into effect July 1, has already led to the loss of some 3,000 products from store shelves. This legislation would rectify this problem while addressing the law’s shortcoming. For example, the Vermont law exempts processed food products containing meat from labeling. So cheese pizza would be labeled, but pepperoni pizza would not. That doesn’t make any sense. S. 764 closes this loophole, requiring an additional 25,000 food products to meet new labeling requirements. I am also pleased that USDA will be responsible for implementing and enforcing this program. They have the expertise to do this. They have shown this with the labeling that they did for the successful National Organic Program. I would also like to note that S. 764 received strong bipartisan support in the Senate and more than 1,000 farm and food organizations, including the American Farm Bureau Federation, Grocery Manufacturers Association, and Organic Trade Association, and others are calling for passage. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I believe this is a good compromise. It is another example of what the Agriculture Committee has consistently done so well. No one gets everything they want, but at the end of the day, I believe this is a bill that will provide the transparency consumers crave while at the same time allow continued innovation in food production. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his hard work in getting us to where we are today. I want to give a special thanks to MIKEPOMPEO , who helped craft this legislation that, over a year ago in the House, 275 Republicans and Democrats voted on a bill to establish a voluntary nationwide program that would give consumers access to the information that they have requested about the food that they are actually consuming. This bill would have protected advancements in food production and innovation and ended the patchwork of State laws threatening our interstate commerce. I was extremely disappointed to see that a small group of Members from the other body blocked this commonsense, bipartisan legislation to protect vital agricultural technology that has been proven time and time again by science to be safe. I want to ensure that Americans have access to affordable food—and this bill would have done that—and to help address our world’s hunger needs that biotechnology can only do in the future. Unfortunately, this process has stalled for months. Congress was not able to act before Vermont’s law went into effect on July 1. Just having one State alter the law—their law—would provide a drastic, drastic negative impact on producers in my district. Despite what you may hear today, Mr. Speaker, this is not, and never will be, a movement for people to know more about what is in their food. This is a movement by people who want you to pay more for food using practices that are elite, not readily available, and expensive to the hardworking families in this country. These activists have publicly acknowledged their objective is to stigmatize a safe and valuable tool for America’s farmers and ranchers. If leaders of this movement in Vermont were so pure in their motives, they would not have exempted processed dairy foods, which excludes GMO labeling of a little ice cream company that operates in Vermont. I say, if ice cream from Illinois ought to have a label in Vermont, the environmentally conscious ice cream company from Vermont ought to follow the same rule. While I still believe the voluntary approach is the correct course of action, I am supporting this legislation. The clock has run out. My producers need certainty. An interstate commerce nightmare will shortly pursue if we don’t pass this bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a complicated solution to a simple problem. Consumers do have the right to know what is in their food, but the problem is that, right now, when you pick up a box of cereal or a bag of rice in the grocery store, you don’t know if you are buying something with GMO ingredients in it. The solution is simple: list GMO ingredients on the back of the package in the ingredient list in plain English. It is a solution that 64 other countries around the world have already adopted. Most of Europe, Japan, Russia, even China, all require a simple, onpackage label that anyone can read. But this bill fails to take that obvious, simple step toward transparency. Instead, it calls for a QR code on the label, which would require a smartphone and a special app and a good cell signal to translate. A complicated solution to a simple problem. To be clear, knowing what is in the package does not determine the safety or health of GMO ingredients. It is about the consumers’ right to know so they can make that decision for themselves. I am voting against this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support for S. 764, the Senatepassed biotechnology labeling legislation that we are considering today. Without enactment of this legislation today, right now, we will continue to see the emergence of an incompatible patchwork of State laws, like the one that took effect in Vermont just 2 weeks ago. As a farmer myself, I can tell you with some authority that if these State laws, with their conflicting definitions and labeling requirements, are allowed to take effect, it will increase the cost of production and compliance for farmers as well as food producers. This, in turn, will drive up grocery bills for American families by hundreds, even thousands of dollars. Mr. Speaker, I believe that is an unacceptable and unconscionable outcome to inflict on the American people. To be clear, I don’t think this bill is perfect. It is far from it. It is filled with ambiguous statements and, in many places, offers little guidance to USDA on how to best implement the bill’s provisions. I am also disappointed the Senate waited until the very last moment, imposing this crisis on the House, leaving us with only two options: either act on this imperfect bill or let the American people suffer. Mr. Speaker, let the record reflect that the House did its job. It passed a biotech labeling bill for the Senate’s consideration an entire year ago. Generally, when we are talking about food labeling, it is for health and safety purposes. I believe people have a right to know what it is they are eating. But today we find ourselves in a place to require mandatory labeling for agriculture products that are 100 percent safe. With my reservations noted, passing this bill is the right thing to do. It will establish a meaningful national standard for biotech labeling that will prevent an unworkable patchwork of conflicting State laws. It will provide consumers with information they want. And, finally, it will create an environment where farmers and researchers can continue to do their work and develop new food varieties that are healthier, more abundant, and more pest and diseaseresistant, and allow us to continue to feed our Nation and the world. I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), the esteemed 
ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. DEFAZIO. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would agree with one of the earlier speakers. It would be confusing for consumers to have 50 different State standards. There is a simple solution, but it is not what is before us today: a simple, forthright disclosure in plain English. For instance, this was obtained out of a House vending machine just today. It was distributed by Mars. We are all familiar with M&Ms. Partially produced with genetic engineering. Wow, that wasn’t too hard, was it? I think that is what we should be doing here today, instead of saying: Oh, we are going to maybe have one of three ways of doing it, and one of them will be a QR code. Well, this doesn’t have any QR codes on it, so I won’t get my QR reader out. So the average American will be in the grocery store pulling out their iPhone and they are going to have hope there is a good signal in there and they are going to read that. That is ridiculous. Sixtyfour countries require this. The last time we debated this, I brought in a Hershey’s bar wrapper. It had a little nice American flag on it. Made in America. Contains GMOs. That is the version they sell in 64 other countries, but they can’t do it here. They say you can’t do it here. It is too expensive. We will have to change the labels. Well, M&M’s just changed the labels. And now, with what you are doing today, they will probably change it back and take off the words that say ‘‘partially produced with genetic engineering,’’ because they won’t have to do that anymore. b0945 This is not about passing judgment on the safety or the science behind genetic engineering. It is to say that 90 percent of the American people want to know what is in their food. They want to know it has Blue 1, Lake Yellow 6, Red 40, corn syrup, dextrin, corn starch, peanuts, milk, soy, oh, and partially produced with genetic engineering. That is not too hard. That is what the American people want. But you are going to deny them that. On any other day, I would hear my Republican colleagues say we’re for states’ rights. Well, now we are just about to preempt the States because, if the States do it, it will become confusing. Well, how about we just have a national standard, plain and simple, plain English, so that American consumers will know. It is not too hard, and it is very sad that we have come to this point. I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ), who has been involved with this process for a long time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the farmers and constituents in my district and across the country, I rise in support of S. 764 today. Over, now, what amounts to almost 3 years, Representatives and Senators from both parties have been diligently working on a solution to prevent a disastrous, statewide patchwork of food labeling laws from taking shape and causing chaos throughout our Nation’s food supply chain. As the proud sponsor of H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act, which passed the House almost 1 year ago by a large bipartisan majority, I want to thank Senator ROBERTS and our friends in the Senate for building on our legislation and arriving at a solution to resolve this matter. It is not perfect; it is not exactly the bill that we passed over; but without this legislation, inconsistent State level food labeling laws will lead to market disruptions and supply chain complications which are simply intolerable for our ranchers and our farmers and those attempting to feed the world. It would not only harm agriculture communities, but it would have resulted in higher prices at the grocery store for hardworking Kansans and people all across our country. I am extremely proud of the coalition that we have all built. Our committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee, the Agriculture Committee have worked hard to get to this day. From Coffeyville to Colby, Kansans need a workable solution, and this legislation will do that trick. We couldn’t have gotten here without the massive support I have received from all across Kansas, people like Rich Felts, the president of the Kansas Farm Bureau, and Stacey Forshee, who came and helped me at the most difficult times in making this legislation work. She is a mother and a farmer from Cloud County, Kansas. Mick Rausch, a good friend and farmer in Sedgwick County and head of the Sedgwick County Farm Bureau. Max Tjaden and his wife, Anne, worked diligently to help make this legislation come into being. Kent Winter, Leslie Kauffman, Tom Tunnel, Philip Bradley, Matt Perrier, from the Kansas Livestock Association, Dennis Hupe, and Raylen Phelon, all were part of making this day occur. It will be better for Kansans; it will be better for Americans; and America will now have the capacity to use biotechnology to continue to feed that next billion people and solve the incredible hunger risk that faces our globe. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, S. 764, well, we can demonize the work of Congress on a regular basis and, unfortunately, sometimes we are our own worst enemies. I, on the other hand, feel that S. 764 is an example of Congress getting it right. This is a big country, a lot of diverse opinions about what we should and shouldn’t be doing. I am a farmer and I am a veterinarian, a man of science. I am concerned, very concerned, much like my good colleague and friend from Washington State on the other side of the aisle, that there is a campaign of misinformation and disinformation about the health and safety of American food. I will stack American farmers and producers up against anyone in the world for producing the healthiest and safest food for American consumers. This is a hardfought compromise— hardfought, very hardfought. I was on the Ag Committee when we started this discussion. A lot of people want to know what is in their food, they say. Well, that is why we have ingredient labeling so, as my good colleague and friend from Oregon talked about, you can read what is on the label that might be important to you in terms of allergies, safety information, things that might actually affect your health and welfare. Genetic engineering has been around for centuries. As a man of science, I will tell you, it is a lot safer to do it in a laboratory than out in the field where you have mutations that you can’t control that might actually be detrimental to your health and safety. In the laboratory, you can control a great deal of that. And lost in this discussion is what genetic engineering biotechnology has done for the people of this world. I remember not too many years ago—I am a little older—where we were worried about feeding the world’s population. Back in 1965, 1966, there was concern: Do we have enough arable land? Is the food going to be nutritious? A lot of people in other countries without conducive climates can’t raise their own food. In this country, we can, and, through science and engineering, we have created more nutritious crops, crops that can grow in bad environments. We can now do notill because we have agents that will control weeds and pests. If you are concerned about climate change, you ought to be strongly in favor of this bill—strongly in favor of this bill. This is less use of some of the very agents that some of my friends on my side of the aisle are concerned about. Having said that, I am from Oregon. We are a transparency State. We want to know as much as we can about everything—our election processes, our environment, and, apparently, our food. The Senate has come up with a compromise. I liked our House bill, but they have come up with a compromise. We now have labeling for GMO. We actually have a definition in this bill of what GMO is so the consumer is protected. Again, it is not a patchwork of regulations around the country. Now we have a standard that the consumer can take to the bank and understand. 
The idea that people don’t have cell phones is ludicrous. I have had people in pretty tough situations in my district, don’t have a whole heck of a lot, but they have got a cell phone. They know how to use it, get the apps and make sure they can understand what is in their food. I think this should be an hour we celebrate. The other side has to, finally, I hope, accept victory. We have a mandatory labeling for GMO. This is a great compromise. Democrats, Republicans, Senate, and House, let’s accept and vote for S. 764 for the American consumer and the American farmer. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I certainly appreciate the previous speaker’s comments. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a prime example of why the American people are so frustrated with Congress. This is a deeply, deeply flawed bill. We are told that this is a mandatory GMO labeling bill, but the truth is not really. This bill is a deception. When people think of labels, they expect something that is easily identifiable, that is clear, like a written label. That is not a controversial idea. This calls for a socalled Quick Response Code, whatever that may be, that is confusing and can only be accessed by using a smartphone with Internet access—never mind that many Americans don’t have smartphones and many supermarkets don’t even get service, thereby making it impossible to get information on GMOs and keeping consumers in the dark about what is in their food. But let’s be honest. This is exactly what some in Big Industry want. They want people to be confused. They don’t want people to have access to information. And when Big Industry speaks, Congress not only listens, Congress rolls over and gives Big Industry whatever it wants. And let’s be clear about another thing. This debate is not about the science regarding GMOs. It is not about whether you love GMOs or hate GMOs. I consume GMOs. My kids consume GMOs. But I still believe that every consumer is entitled to know whether the food they buy contains GMOs. That is what this debate is about. It is about transparency. And for those who think that this ends the debate, that this is it, I have a prediction: You are wrong. People are going to fight to demand for clear, mandatory GMO labeling. They have a right to know what is in their food. The overwhelming majority of the American people, Democrats and Republicans, all favor clear, mandatory GMO labeling. I have got a radical idea. Why don’t we give them what they want? Why don’t we just put it on the package? It doesn’t cost any more. This idea that this is an effort that will raise food prices is ridiculous. This convoluted, complicated labeling system outlined in this bill, if that is not going to raise food prices, then a simple, in plain English listing on food that says ‘‘this contains GMOs’’ will certainly not raise food prices. Mr. Speaker, sooner or later we are going to get clear, mandatory GMO labeling. I prefer sooner; and, therefore, I urge my colleagues to reject this bill, and let’s give the American consumer what they want. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. I would point out to the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, that there are other options besides the QR code with respect to complying and getting the information for those few consumers that really, really want to know this information; they can get it. This bill requires that the Secretary, within 1 year—actually, the rule is already written—within 1 year to conduct a study to make sure that consumers are really, in fact, getting the information they want in the ways that they want to get it, and then the Secretary will have ways of proposing additional comparable options for this issue. The gentleman is misleading in the sense that there are other options to make this happen; and if it is not working, the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture will be able to complete that study. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, people shouldn’t have to jump through hoops to know what is in their food. That is really what this issue is all about. When we go the grocery store, the very first thing that you do is you pick up whatever it is you are looking at and you read the label to see if it contains products or ingredients or things that you want to eat or that you want to feed your family. Nearly 90 percent of Americans have called for this clear, simple, direct labeling of foods that have been either genetically engineered or modified. They support this very simple concept that we have a right to know what is in the food we eat; yet the GMO bill that we are voting on today is very misleading. Proponents will say that this is a labeling bill, but it is not really about the right to know. It actually creates an illusion of transparency, while making things more difficult for consumers, not easier. This is, as we have heard earlier, exactly what people hate about Washington, that we pretend to solve a problem when, actually, we are just making things harder and more confusing for the American people. If this bill is really, truly intended to expand consumers’ right to know, why not require a simple, uniform food labeling standard that is clear, straightforward, and easy to read? Instead of doing that, this bill creates a system of electronic codes, symbols, and text that are intentionally confusing to consumers, making them work harder to try to get access to information that should be readily available to them. Additionally, this bill lacks any enforcement measure to hold companies accountable if they don’t comply with labeling requirements. This bill has raised concerns from the FDA over the bill’s narrow definition of genetic engineering that leaves common foods without any labeling requirement at all. So let’s stop pretending that S. 764 does anything but create confusion, making it harder for the American people to know what is in their food. This is exactly the opposite of what they are calling for. Sixtyfour countries around the world have already required labeling of genetically modified foods, like the EU, Australia, Japan, and many others, and this is what we are calling for today. For here, in the United States, we must have one uniform national labeling standard that is simple, clear, and makes it easier for consumers to make their own informed decisions about the food that they are eating. I have cosponsored H.R. 913, introduced by my colleague, PETEDEFAZIO, which would do just that. The bill passed by the Senate and the bill before us today is a bad bill that does not serve the best interests of the American people. That is why I strongly oppose this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1000 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, a little background on this bill. This started in Vermont, where there was a strong citizen movement to have the right to know what was in their food. It was not a battle about the science of GMOs or about whether it was healthy or not. It was really based on the proposition that for a consumer who wishes to know what is in their food, whether it is the number of calories or whether it is GMOproduced, they had a right to know. It is as simple as that. The irony here is that the pushback has been from folks who are advocating the benefits of GMOs. If they are so great—and I am not disputing what some of their benefits may be—why not brag about it by putting it on the label? Why hide it? It really doesn’t make a lot of sense. In Vermont, we had a bipartisan vote in the Senate 28–2 and a strong, bipartisan vote in the House that was based upon the right of Vermonters who wanted to know whether there were GMOs to have that knowledge. 
There was a lot of pushback initially by industry, but some of the industry has kind of got it right: if the consumer wants to know, let them know. Kellogg’s and Campbell Soup both now have labeling on their products and let the consumers know. What is really the big deal? Now we have a bill from the Senate that, frankly, when you look at it, it is kind of dumb, because what it does is give options on how you ‘‘label.’’ You can use English, where right on the label you can read ‘‘GMOs’’ or not. That makes sense. But then there is another mechanism where there is, like, a barcode. You have to go to the store with your iPhone, scan the barcode—by the way, when you are grocery shopping, you are trying to get home, get dinner on, you have kids that are trying to go to a school practice. And you are supposed to stop and scan the barcode and go to a Web site to see whether that can of black bean soup has GMOs or not? The other option you can have is you can, in the middle of the store, dial a 1– 800 number, get a call center, probably overseas, and talk to somebody and ask them whether this can of soup that you are holding 5,000 miles away from the person you are talking to contains GMOs or not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. WELCH. So we have this situation where, in the Senate bill that we are now considering, there is an acknowledgment that there should be a label, but it contains a label that is impossible to read. So if there is an acknowledgment about the right of a consumer to have access to the information, why not give them the information in plain and simple English? We don’t have to do dumb endarounds in order to give consumers the information they are seeking. That is the essence of the opposition to this bill. Make it simple, keep it simple, and let people know what it is they are buying so they can make the decision. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, my good friend just spoke—and he is my friend, not the common ‘‘my good friend’’ nonsense we typically say around here, but the gentleman from Vermont is my friend. And his argument would be a bit more forceful if, in fact, the wisdom of the Vermont legislature that he touted hadn’t exempted all those Stateproduced products, like Ben and Jerry’s ice cream, from the important label that folks who eat ice cream, apparently, in Vermont don’t need to know. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman from Texas ready to close? Mr. CONAWAY. Yes. I have no further speakers. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, this isn’t a perfect bill. I think the chairman and I would prefer the House bill, but this is a bill that was able to pass the Senate. It will get us past this crisis situation that was developed because of the Vermont law going into effect. It is something that we think is workable and gives the USDA the authority to not only develop this system but also, for the first time, actually determine what this means. Because that is one of the big issues, that as you talk to 10 different people about what a GMO is, you get 10 different answers. So what is going to happen here is we are going to have a situation where we will define what this means. That is a big step forward. I encourage my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I yield back, I want to thank everybody involved in this debate, particularly my team and the hard work they did. The bill that we passed a year ago with much labor and much work wound up not being the answer that we all wanted. I think we got 275 of our colleagues to vote for it a year ago. There have been a lot of efforts in this regard. I want to thank our team for doing that. I want to thank the ranking member and his team for the hard work they have been doing. I appreciate the civility of the debate this morning and look forward to passage of the bill shortly. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of S. 764 when it comes to the floor later on. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, today this body voted on S.764, compromise legislation that provides a bipartisan solution to the state and local laws mandating different requirements for the labeling of genetically engineered (GE) ingredients in foods. While I was not present to vote on this legislation, had I been, I would have voted in favor of the bill. It is a reality that many of our crops are genetically modified and it is important that food companies disclose ingredient information. S. 764 is a compromise and provides a common sense federal solution to a patchwork system that has the potential to disrupt the food supply chain by having certain labeling requirements in some states but not others, with the increased compliance costs ultimately being passed along to the consumer. The bill institutes a national mandatory labeling standard for foods that contain genetically engineered crops, with several options for how food manufacturers can label their products. Mr. Speaker, it is for this reason that I support the disclosure of ingredient information and would have voted in support of this bill. I will continue to work tirelessly to ensure that no consumer is left in the dark regarding the ingredients of their food. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I will vote in opposition to S. 764, on labeling requirements for geneticallyengineered foods. While I recognize this legislation, with a mandatory labeling requirement, is a step forward from the DARK Act that passed the House last year, it falls far short of the comprehensive labeling standard consumers need. More than ever, Americans want to know what goes into the food they eat, and have concerns about the presence of genetically modified ingredients. Rather than clear, sensible labels for these ingredients, this bill would allow manufacturers to use QR codes and other technologies to satisfy label requirements. These measures would shift a heavy burden to consumers to scan the code with a smartphone or other device and read about the food contents on a website rather than the package they hold in their hands. We need understandable, accessible labels that allow Americans to pick up a food product and easily understand its contents. That is why I join with leading consumer groups like Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety, as well as prominent environmental organizations like the Sierra Club, Natural Resources Defense Council, and League of Conservation Voters to oppose this measure. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote against S. 764, a bill that would preempt state genetically modified organism (GMO) labeling laws and replace them with a wholly inadequate federal standard. People should be able to know what they are eating. The bill before us today would exempt many genetically engineered (GE) foods from any labeling altogether and would preempt proconsumer state laws, including the engineered food labeling laws in Vermont, Connecticut, and Maine. I actively supported an effort to pass a GMO labeling law in my home state of Oregon, and I continue to support strong state efforts to stand up for transparency in the face of federal inadequacy or inaction. The bill also includes several vague standards, and its labeling requirements would allow corporations to decide how to give consumers access to GE information, including through the use of a smartphone or the internet. Making access to GE labeling information electronic and/or dependent on a smartphone is not transparent, accessible, or available to many Americans. S. 764 has been sold as a ‘‘compromise’’ because it would require some labeling, but these provisions are clearly just a fig leaf We need plain language, mandatory, onpackage labeling, and until federal law protects our right to know what we are eating, the federal government should not preempt state efforts to protect and inform their citizens. I continue to strongly support federallevel mandatory labeling for foods that contain GMOs, and I’m an original cosponsor of Rep. DEFAZIO’s Genetically Engineered Food Right toKnow Act (H.R. 913). I’ll continue pushing for stronger consumer protections when it comes to food safety and will oppose any attempts to undermine these efforts. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, while I am fully supportive of a national standard to label genetically modified (GMO) foods, I am unable to support S. 764, the GMO Food Labeling Requirements bill. Although this bill takes an important step toward federal preemption, it does so at the expense of consumer transparency and safety. For example, S. 764 falls short of providing a robust definition of ‘‘bioengineering’’, which will exempt the majority of GMO foods from 
being properly labeled. Additionally, this bill will hurt the most vulnerable among us. The provision to include ‘‘digital labeling’’ will withhold valuable information about GMO foods from rural, lowincome and elderly Americans who are less likely to own a smart phone or have access to the internet. That’s over 50 percent of rural and 65 percent of elderly people who will not be able to access the consumer information they need. Mr. Speaker, American consumers deserve the best information available when it comes to food choices that they make for themselves and their families. We must continue to address this vital issue because all consumers deserve the right to know what is in their food and how it’s grown. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 822, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1555. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. S. 2893. An act to reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes. S. 3207. An act to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats. f 
b1015 IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 819, I call up the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 819, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5631 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
Section 104 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513) is amended— 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall prescribe regulations to carry out this title and the amendments made by this title. TITLE III—SANCTIONS RELATING TO IRAN’S SUPPORT OF TERRORISM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016. This week marks the first anniversary of President Obama’s agreement with Iran. I wish I could say that it has been a win, or the win that the proponents had hoped for. But a sober assessment is that both the shortterm and longterm national security interests of the United States have been deeply impacted here. We have suffered as a result of this agreement. Under the deal, the Obama administration promised that we would be in a position to verify all of Iran’s commitments under the agreement. This just has not been the case. A year later, we have less public information about Iran’s nuclear activities than we did before the pact. International inspectors were to have full and unrestricted access to any military or suspicious location in Iran. Now, it turns out that the deal included an unprecedented arrangement that relies on Iran to ‘‘selfinspect’’ its Parchin military complex. The administration insisted that a U.N. Security Council resolution would continue to prohibit Iran’s ballistic missile development. The reality is that it has a loophole big enough for Iran to shoot an intercontinental ballistic missile through, and Iran has shot through that loophole. Some of those tested missiles that they have shot through that loophole are marked ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the Earth.’’ That is what is in writing in Farsi on the side of them. And if anybody should not get the message, it is also written in Hebrew. When the Obama administration was strongarming its allies in the other body to save its Iran deal, many promises were made. Central to the White House story line was the President’s claim that sanctions on Iran for terrorism, sanctions for human rights, and sanctions on the ballistic missiles, in their words, ‘‘will continue to be fully enforced.’’ This, unfortunately, has not happened. Unfortunately, the administration’s words have not matched its actions. The administration has meekly responded to Iran’s provocative acts, thanks in part to the weak U.N. Security Council language in which we watered down the previous language on ballistic missiles. That was agreed to by the administration. And just one, only one Iranian, one sole individual, has been sanctioned for human rights abuses since negotiations began—one. Indeed, last month, a top Treasury official publicly proclaimed that terrorism and missile sanctions would undermine the Iran agreement. That is not what this committee was originally told before this agreement was voted on. We were told exactly the opposite. By now, every Member should know the pattern, and the pattern is this. If 
Iran objects, the administration bends over backwards to accommodate. Effectively, the Supreme Leader now holds the veto pin over future congressional action. This policy of what I call ‘‘walking on egg shells’’ in deference to Tehran hurts our U.S. national security interest. And it doesn’t have to be this way. The nuclear agreement permits sanctions on the Iranian regime for activities such as missile tests, terrorism, and human rights abuses. Indeed, that is what the administration said they would do after they struck their deal. This legislation before the House holds the administration to their promises to us. Among other provisions, this legislation increases sanctions against Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. That is what we call the IRGC. It expands sanctions against Iran for its ballistic missile development, and we should. It stresses the fundamental human rights of the Iranian people as key to our national security concerns. I would just say Congress has an obligation to look for ways to stem the tide of Iranian aggression in the region and to stem the tide of its repression of the Persian, of the Iranian people at home. I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE , I am writing with respect to H.R. 5631, the ‘‘Iran Accountability Act of 2016.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 5631 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 5631 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5631 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : On July 6, 2016, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (‘‘the Committee’’) received a referral for H.R. 5631, the ‘‘Iran Accountability Act of 2016.’’ In order to expedite the House’s consideration of this important legislation, the Committee will forego consideration of the measure. This waiver is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding that it does not diminish or otherwise affect any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill or any similar legislation. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging the Committee’s jurisdictional interest into any committee report on H.R. 5631 and into the Congressional Record during its floor consideration. I would also appreciate your support for the appointment of Committee members to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. DEVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5631 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5631 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. EDWARD ROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016. As you know, the Committee on Foreign Affairs received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on July 6, 2016. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5631 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on H.R. 5631 be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Sincerely, JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 12, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE  Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing concerning H.R. 5631, the ‘‘Iran Accountability Act of 2016.’’ As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing 
consideration of H.R. 5631 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5631 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING  Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5631 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to this measure. Mr. Speaker, I just walked here from our hearing room where the Foreign Affairs Committee marked up 13 measures. We had a committee meeting this morning. Some were written by Republicans, some by Democrats. When these bills and resolutions were first introduced, a lot of Members had questions and concerns. But the committee went to work ironing out differences, and now all 13 pieces of legislation have been favorably reported with bipartisan support. That is how our committee works. That is how our chairman, EDROYCE , runs things. That is why we say that the Foreign Affairs Committee is the most bipartisan committee in the entire Congress, and I am proud of that as a ranking member. I believe, and we believe, that partisanship should end at the water’s edge. When it comes to fighting for our country, there should be no Democrats and Republicans. We should be working together on this. Partisanship should end at the water’s edge. And that is our best how we legislate, especially when it comes to advancing American interests and security overseas. So it is rather jarring, Mr. Speaker, to walk onto the floor to debate the majority leader’s bill—80 pages of new sanctions on the Iranian regime, introduced literally in the middle of the night last week, rammed through the Rules Committee, brought to the floor without any chance to improve it or any input from the Foreign Affairs Committee. That is a disappointment, Mr. Speaker, because there are plenty of us on both sides of the aisle who think we should be doing more to hold Iran’s leaders accountable for their bad behavior. After all, Iran is the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism. Iran props up the Assad regime, detains Americans on trumpedup charges, and has racked up the worst record on human rights you could imagine. Congress could speak with a unified voice on these issues, but not with the bill we are considering today. I don’t like the regime. Everyone knows I oppose the deal with Iran. I think if we work together, we can move forward on legislation; but not this way, not ramming it through the Rules Committee so it doesn’t get to the Foreign Affairs Committee and it gets to the floor where nobody had any kind of input whatsoever. That is not how we should be running this house. So it is not with the bill we are considering today. My friends on the other side know that. This isn’t a serious bill. It would force the United States to violate our obligations under the nuclear deal. Now, I think that is a mistake. As I said before, I opposed the Iran nuclear deal, but I was on the losing side of that debate. We shouldn’t relitigate this issue. We shouldn’t have 62 votes again and again to try to upend this issue, like we do with the Affordable Care Act. We should not relitigate this issue. Our work now should be to hold Iran to its obligations and make sure the deal is being fully implemented. One of the ways we could do this is to ensure there is a viable snapback of sanctions if Iran violates the deal. That is why I have been saying we should reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act before it expires by the end of the year. But here in front of us in this 80page bill, what is missing? A reauthorization of the Iran Sanctions Act. That shows me that this isn’t a serious undertaking. Regardless of what I think, we know that this bill has zero chance of becoming law. It most certainly won’t pass the Senate. If it did, the White House would veto it. So we can only conclude, Mr. Speaker, that this is a political exercise, and that troubles me. One of our greatest traditions in American foreign policy is that politics and partisanship stop at the water’s edge. That principle has been especially true in the way Congress has dealt with Iran in recent years. That principle has guided our work on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Maybe that is why the Foreign Affairs Committee was cut out of this process. We have avoided letting foreign policy turn to everyday politics. But make no mistake, what we are doing today is politics, plain and simple. I worry about that precedent. I worry about what it means when Iran sees us playing politics with global security, when Iran’s leaders see us engage in political grandstanding instead of serious policymaking. I also worry about what it means for the Foreign Affairs Committee. Our committee’s jurisdiction gives us oversight of diplomacy, development, foreign assistance, war powers. Yet, here we are debating a major, major sanctions bill that never passed through the doors of our committee room. Yesterday, the House voted on another Iran bill that completely bypassed our committee as well. The House just approved the Defense Authorization Act that includes dozens of provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Who knows how many foreign policy riders will find their way into our spending bills this year, all without the Foreign Affairs Committee saying a word. This is a bad trend, Mr. Speaker. This is not regular order, which the Speaker promised us. By the way, I wonder what our friends in the Freedom Caucus and Liberty Caucus have to say about the process that got this bill to the floor. I wonder what happened to the Speaker’s commitment to regular order that put the gavel in his hands in the first place. I didn’t see a lot of concern over regular order as this bill was being rushed through the Rules Committee. We have a legislative process that cut out the most experienced legislators on this issue. We have an important foreign policy concern turned into a political football. We have a bill that has no chance of becoming law. I am starting to think this has something to do with the calendar. Today, when we finish our business, Members will rush to the exits. But next week, many of my friends on the other side will descend on Cleveland for their convention. Now, let me say a bit with tongue and cheek that I sympathize with my friends on the other side. Their standardbearer has some pretty unusual ideas about foreign policy. He thinks more countries should get nuclear weapons. He wants to withdraw from our alliances. He thinks we ought to be neutral in the IsraeliPalestinian conflict, and start a trade war with China. He looks to people like Vladimir Putin, Kim Jongun, and Saddam Hussein as apparent role models. If I were in the majority’s shoes, I would want to change the conversations, too. But this bill is the way to do it. This bill doesn’t make the majority appear strong on foreign policy. It only makes Congress appear to be divided on 
issues on which we cannot afford division. This bill weakens us as a Congress when Congress should be finding ways to make Americans safer. I oppose this measure, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I always prefer to work things out with the ranking member. Working together, we put three bipartisan bills on the President’s desk this last week alone. In this Congress, Mr. ENGEL and I, working together on the Foreign Affairs Committee, have seen some 14 bills signed into law. So he is right, this isn’t the norm. Earlier this year, there were intense discussions with the minority on legislation to push back on Iran’s missile program. I compromised more than I wanted, inserting a waiver. We were close, but at the end of the day, it became clear that the White House would aggressively fight any legislation with the words ‘‘Iran’’ written on it. For the White House, it is accommodation of Iran at all costs, and that includes essentially giving the Supreme Leader the veto pen over steps Congress might press the administration to take. So on this, we are stuck. Until the Democratic leadership is ready to look past this President’s legacy, I imagine we will be stuck. Lastly, I would note that these pieces of legislation are tightly focused on Iran’s behavior outside of the nuclear agreement. That is the point. Whether one was for the agreement or against the agreement, these are outside of the nuclear agreement. b1030 These bills do not undo or kill the Iran deal but, instead, press back on the administration’s promises when campaigning for their deal. This goes to the issue of what we were told, what was in the talking points on the floor of the House, in terms of how this deal would be implemented and that it would not impact our ability to stop this ballistic missile testing by Iran and these other abuses. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 1year anniversary of the signing of the administration’s Iran deal—1 year, and the world has already become a more troubled place. I personally think the deal sets a dangerous precedent. It strengthens the largest state sponsor of terror in the world and gives that state sponsor of terror a pathway to nuclear weapons at some point in its future. I think that all of the arguments to defend this deal can’t stand against the great weight of reality, including the fact that Iran isn’t holding up its side of the bargain and is more interested in embarrassing American military men and women than in becoming a responsible nation. I understand a few people disagree. However, there is something we have always agreed on from the start. Deal or no deal, good or bad deal, we have always agreed to hold Iran accountable for terrorism, for its development of ballistic missiles, and for its human rights abuses committed against its own people. In April alone, President Obama said we have to ‘‘hold Iran to account where it is acting in ways that are contrary to rules and norms.’’ Secretary Kerry said last year, ‘‘We will never, ever stop standing up for the Iranian people’s rights.’’ Treasury Secretary Jack Lew also said last year, ‘‘We are going to continue to prosecute our unilateral sanctions on things like terrorism, on things like regional destabilization and human rights.’’ What about today? Iran has conducted eight ballistic missile tests since the deal was signed. The State Department’s own Stephen Mull said in May, ‘‘There have not been any sanctions imposed for human rights grounds since July of last year.’’ Iran continues to imprison journalists— Americans—and to torture its people. In February, the administration’s Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, said, ‘‘Iran continues to be the foremost state sponsor of terrorism. Iran and Hezbollah remain a continuing terrorist threat to U.S. interests and partners worldwide.’’ Those are the facts right there, Mr. Speaker. What has the Obama administration done? How has the administration held Iran accountable, as they said they would? The administration has done nothing. And it only gets worse. German intelligence has found that Iran is violating its pledges under this nuclear deal. Iran is procuring material for nuclear weapons in what is ‘‘by international standards, a quantitatively high level.’’ Coupled with its missile program, the report reads, ‘‘It is safe to expect that Iran will continue its intensive procurement activity.’’ Wasn’t this deal supposed to stop Iran from developing nuclear weapons? Where is the accountability? Where is the administration when they so clearly said they would hold them accountable? Where is the bipartisanship in the sanctions now? Now, I understand on the other side, Mr. Speaker, some will accuse Republicans of engaging in a purely partisan exercise and never intending to work with our friends on the other side of the aisle. Well, you know that is just not true. You know for the last 6 months we worked with the other side of the aisle, we worked in a bipartisan manner with the chairmen on both sides. But every time we would deal with the missiles and the ballistic sanctions against them, the White House would thwart any bipartisan effort. So why are we here today? It is because, for 6 months, he found every reason to say ‘‘no.’’ For 6 months, he went back on every word that was said about holding them accountable when the facts stood before us. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, I don’t understand opposition to this bill. We are simply holding Iran accountable, which is exactly what the administration said they would do. We have had tremendous leaders in this country, and we have learned the lessons time and again. Ronald Reagan taught us this lesson: that peace without freedom is meaningless. Human nature craves that we all have peace, but you cannot secure peace without freedom. We have watched in history when leaders have failed. Chamberlain, ‘‘peace for our time,’’ but there was no freedom in that. Ronald Reagan had this same dilemma late in his second term, in Iceland, when he stood across from Gorbachev, trying to negotiate a reduction in nuclear weapons. He was securing almost everything that he had asked for, but Gorbachev asked for one last item. He asked that America would end their SDI program. Reagan didn’t say no. He said, we will share it with you so the world can be safe. But Gorbachev said no. Reagan had a decision to make. He could have signed that deal, and I am sure the elite would have probably given him the Nobel Peace Prize. Other Presidents have won them. But he realized there was no freedom in that agreement. So he got up, he held the Soviet Union accountable, and he walked away. Had he not, would the Berlin Wall have collapsed? Had he not, would the Soviet Union have collapsed? Words have meaning, and words have consequences. The quotes from this administration and from around the world were to hold Iran accountable. That is what is happening today. Mr. Speaker, there are going to be some Members in this Chamber who will sit back and say, ‘‘But it didn’t happen just the way I wanted it to before it came to the floor.’’ I don’t want you to look your grandchildren in the eyes and explain to them why we don’t have freedom in the world. I want you to look your grandchildren in the eyes and say you stood up—you stood up for the words and what that meant when we were to hold Iran accountable. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), a very respected member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5631. Nothing is more important to our national security interests in the Middle East than continuing to prevent a nuclear Iran while, at the same time, effectively containing Iran’s influence 
and confronting their destabilizing activities in the region. Iran’s ongoing ballistic missile program and its continued support for terrorism constitute an existential threat to our allies in the Middle East, including Israel. In its blatant disregard for human rights, we can hear the echoes of Nazi Germany, Soviet Russia, and other failed totalitarian regimes that now reside in the dustbin of history. It is imperative that we do more to exert pressure on the Iranian regime to change its behavior, including meaningful sanctions for human rights and ballistic missile violations and terrorism. But any steps that we take cannot undermine the progress that we have already made over the past year to deny Iran a nuclear weapons program. The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is working. Since its implementation, Iran has dismantled twothirds of its installed uranium enrichment capacity, ended all uranium enrichment activity at its Fordow facility, and removed the core of the Arak heavy water reactor and rendered its only source of weaponsgrade plutonium permanently useless. Iran is now complying with the most comprehensive transparency and monitoring regime ever negotiated in the nuclear age. Israel’s Chief of the General Staff, Lieutenant General Gadi Eizenkot, has called this agreement ‘‘a historic turning point. It is a big change in terms of the direction that Iran was headed and in the way we saw things.’’ There is no question that the world is safer today and that our allies in the Middle East, especially in Israel, are more secure because the JCPOA has denied Iran the opportunity to develop a nuclear weapon. We can and should continue to build on this work and confront the Iranian regime’s behavior without undermining the JCPOA. We should impose sanctions for ballistic missiles, for human rights violations, and for terrorism, but these sanctions must be carefully drawn, must be carefully written to protect the agreement that denies Iran a nuclear weapon. The bill that we are voting on today does not do this. As a result, it won’t make us safer. It will, in fact, undermine every single achievement we have made over the past year. It will impose insurmountable limits on the President’s ability to work with our allies around the world and to implement effective sanctions on Iranian human rights abusers, their ballistic missile program, and their support for terrorism. If this bill becomes law, it will immediately put Iran back on a path to develop a nuclear weapon. I sit on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. I have attended dozens and dozens of hearings on Iran. I have heard hours and hours of testimony from expert witnesses on how we can effect change in Iran. But no one asked for our input on this bill. It was introduced by the Republican leadership in the dead of night, entirely bypassing the Foreign Affairs Committee, and came straight to the floor. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. CICILLINE. Let’s call this bill for what it is: a cynical proposal that is designed to score political points in an election year even at the expense of our national security interests. Mr. Speaker, we need serious, thoughtful strategies to confront the Iranian regime, not partisan politics. The stakes are too high. I urge my colleagues to protect this agreement that prevents Iran from having a nuclear weapon, to work with us in a bipartisan way, to impose sanctions that are carefully drawn with the full participation of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and to reject this bill in its current form. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. I would just counter with some observations. First, the nuclear deal does not dismantle key aspects of Iran’s nuclear program. That, in fact, is its fatal flaw. At its essence, this agreement traded permanent comprehensive sanctions relief for temporary, limited constraints on Iran’s nuclear program. Under this deal, Iran will keep much of its nuclear infrastructure and continue to develop advanced centrifuges, gaining the ability to produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale. Due to the deal’s fatal flaw—and that is the sunset clause—the ayatollah won’t even have to cheat to be just steps away from a nuclear weapon. All he has to do is wait 10 or 15 years until the deal expires. We cannot be sure that Iran is truly living up to its obligations under this agreement. I heard the assertion that it was. It is certainly not. In its annual report, published last month, the German intelligence reports: 
The illegal proliferationsensitive procurement activities by Iran in Germany, registered by the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution, persisted in 2015 at what is, even by international standards, a quantitatively high level. This holds true in particular with regards to items which can be used in the field of nuclear technology. 
If this deal is working, why is Iran secretly violating it? Why is Iran buying nuclear technology? b1045 Now, the point is that these activities we are curtailing aren’t related to the nuclear deal, and that is the other point I would make. Unlike the administration, I am not willing to be able to be held hostage to the nuclear deal, doing nothing as Iran develops ICBMs in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. We realize what is happening here, I hope, is the ayatollah, on a weekly basis, leads these chants of ‘‘death to Israel,’’ ‘‘death to America’’ and asserts that it is every military man’s responsibility to figure out how to mass produce intercontinental ballistic missiles. When he is talking about ‘‘intercontinental,’’ that means between continents; that means between there and here. ‘‘Death to America’’ is not a confusing thing that we might be misinterpreting. And it is worth noting that, in the last week, it surfaced that Iran continued trying to illegally procure nuclear equipment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this and the other two bills before the House this week regarding Iran, all of which would weaken our national security and our international standing, and all of which the President has rightly threatened to veto. If there is a silver lining in this debate, it is that the majority has given us an opportunity to acknowledge the 1year anniversary of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which has made the world safer by severely constraining Iran’s nuclear activities and subjecting them to unprecedented international oversight. Yet, instead of celebrating this landmark achievement, the majority is seeking to undo it. H.R. 5119, H.R. 4992, and H.R. 5631, collectively, would deny Iran even the limited access to foreign investment and other meaningful incentives that encourage compliance with the JCPOA. These are just the latest in a series of Republican efforts to undermine this historic agreement negotiated with the world’s major powers. Since the deal was finalized, Republicans have tried again and again and again to undermine not just the JCPOA, but also the credibility of the President of the United States on the international stage. It appears the Iran nuclear agreement has become the ObamaCare of foreign policy. What I mean is that Republicans proclaim it a failure repeatedly, despite its objective success. They call for its immediate repeal without offering any viable alternatives, despite the potentially disastrous consequences of such action; and they continue to clutter the congressional calendar with socalled message votes about Iran, instead of addressing the major issues facing our Nation. Now, these legislative antics continue even though opponents of the JCPOA know full well that strong sanctions on Iran remain in place targeting the country’s human rights violations, ballistic missile development, and support of terrorism. The bill before us, H.R. 5631, would impose additional mandatory sanctions on Iran for these same violations. There is no one in this Chamber about to let Iran off the hook for its egregious human rights violations or its 
proliferation of terrorism and ballistic missile technology. And our Republican friends know full well that if a violation of the JCPOA were to occur, we can put sanctions like these in place immediately. So why are we doing this bill now? Must we conclude that our colleagues are more interested in unravelling one of President Obama’s signature accomplishments than they are with the facts of the matter? Let’s look at the facts: Because of this agreement, an Iranian nuclear weapon is not an imminent threat to the United States or our allies, including Israel. Because of this agreement, the breakout time for Iran to develop enough weaponsgrade material for a nuclear weapon went from 2 or 3 months to a year or more. The international community has 24/7 access to Iran’s nuclear sites, and we possess an enforcement mechanism to verify Iran’s compliance. By all objective accounts, Iran has upheld its end of the bargain, and it is vital that we uphold ours. This isn’t just my opinion. This week a bipartisan group of more than 75 national security experts sent a letter to the President stating that ‘‘Iran has remained in compliance with its commitments’’ and ‘‘all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked.’’ I include in the CONGRESSIONAL  RECORD this letter in its entirety. 
THEIRANPROJECT , New York, NY, July 12, 2016. Letter to the President on the Anniversary of the Nuclear Agreement with Iran. DEARMR. PRESIDENT : On the first anniversary of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) with Iran, Americans should be proud of your leadership in bringing about this landmark diplomatic agreement. As a result of the JCPOA all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked, thereby providing greater security to our friends and partners in the region and to the world. From November 2013, when the interim nuclear agreement was reached, until today, Iran has remained in compliance with its commitments as verified by regular reports of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). We applaud your Administration’s commitment to the rigorous verification of Iran’s compliance and remaining in close contact with the U.S. negotiating partners on the JCPOA implementation. This will be essential to ensure their cooperation should action be required to respond to an Iranian violation. As your policies have shown, it will also be essential for the U.S. to continue to assure Israel and the Gulf states of its resolute commitment to their security as our traditional partners in the region. It will be necessary to ensure adequate longterm funding for the IAEA so that it can carry out its inspection and reporting functions as required by the JCPOA. Future relations with Iran can improve or get worse and become dangerous for U.S. interests in the region as Iran continues to support the Assad regime and Hezbollah. The U.S. should develop policies that increase the chances of cooperation with Iran, minimize confrontation, and influence Iran’s actions in the region. We acknowledge that opportunities will be limited for testing Iran’s willingness to work directly with the U.S. due to the political uncertainties in both countries in the coming year, but engagement should be the U.S. government’s long term goal. Your diplomatic undertaking with Iran was to seek a safer world and stem the proliferation of nuclear weapons. To achieve those ambitious goals you engaged in prolonged and intense diplomatic negotiations that enabled you to deal directly with Iran and to test its willingness to work with the U.S. and others in some areas of common purpose. The alternative strategy would be to return to an earlier era of treating Iran as America’s principal enemy in the region, thereby: risking the unraveling of the JCPOA; drawing strong opposition from negotiating partners; returning to a period of nuclear danger; missing important opportunities for collaboration in the fight against ISIS and the search for solutions to other regional problems; and risking another armed conflict involving the U.S. in the Middle East. We, therefore, encourage your Administration to put in place an institutional structure for conducting relations with Iran in all areas essential to U.S. interests. We suggest several channels that could be set up for your successor: A direct diplomatic channel at the deputy level to continue the communications currently being conducted between the Secretary of State and Iranian Foreign Minister. Without such continuity during the transition period, the next Administration will lack the diplomatic means to enlist or pressure Iran in the management of important and urgent issues such as ISIS, Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan where the U.S. and Iran have some common but often clashing interests. An emergency communications capability with Iran’s government to avoid misunderstandings or the escalation of incidents or accidents. A regular and direct bilateral channel between the U.S. Treasury and Iranian Central Bank to address all U.S. and Iranian questions about the implementation of sanctions relief commitments under the JCPOA. Treasury and State will need to stay in close harmony in talks with Iran on sanctions relief. Iran’s leaders appear reluctant now to engage the U.S. beyond the implementation of the JCPOA, and Iran’s actions in the region may make engagement difficult for the U.S. But the one lesson learned from your diplomatic efforts with Iran is that persevering patiently in pursuit of careful diplomacy can lead to progress. A variety of channels with Iran will be needed to drive home messages and to improve mutual understanding on our positions on issues of importance to the U.S.—including regional security questions and the treatment of dual nationals—among others. You have shown that wellconceived and toughminded diplomacy can protect U.S. national security interests. Given the stakes, the U.S. will need more, not less, engagement with Iran. With respect, Amb. (ret.) Morton Abramowitz, Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research, Ambassador to Thailand and Turkey Graham Allison, Assistant Secretary of Defense Les AuCoin, U.S. Representative Amb. (ret.) Barbara K. Bodine, Ambassador to Yemen David Bonior, U.S. Representative BGen Stephen A. Cheney (ret.), U.S. Marine Corps Joseph Cirincione, President of the Ploughshares Fund Amb. (ret.) James F. Collins, Ambassador at Large for the New Independent States and to the Russian Federation Leon N. Cooper, Brown University, Nobel Laureate Physics Amb. (ret.) Chester A. Crocker, Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Amb. (ret.) James B. Cunningham, Ambassador to Israel, Afghanistan, and the United Nations Tom Daschle, U.S. Senator, Senate Majority Leader Suzanne DiMaggio, Director and Senior Fellow at New America Amb. (ret.) James Dobbins, Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Freeman Dyson, Professor of Physics Emeritus, Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton University Major General Paul D. Eaton (ret.), U.S. Army, Managing Director Vet Voice Foundation Robert Einhorn, Assistant Secretary for Nonproliferation, the Secretary of State’s Special Advisor for Nonproliferation and Arms Control Harold A. Feiveson (ret.), Senior Research Scientist, Princeton University Richard L. Garwin, Chair of the Arms Control and Nonproliferation Advisory Board F. Gregory Gause III, Chairman and Head of the International Affairs Department at the Bush School of Government and Public Service, Texas A&M University Leslie H. Gelb, Assistant Secretary of State for PoliticalMilitary Affairs, Director of Policy Planning and Arms Control at the Department of Defense Amb. (ret.) Marc Grossman, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs, Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, and Ambassador to Turkey Morton H. Halperin, Director of Policy Planning Department of State, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Planning and Arms Control Lee H. Hamilton, U.S. Representative, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee Gary Hart, U.S. Senator, Special Envoy to Northern Ireland Amb. (ret.) William C. Harrop, Ambassador to Israel, Inspector General of the State Department Stephen B. Heintz, President, Rockefeller Brothers Fund James Hoge, Former Editor of Foreign Affairs Magazine Amb. (ret.) Robert Hunter, National Security Council Director of Middle East Affairs and Ambassador to NATO Lt. Gen. (ret.) Arlen D. Jameson, U.S. Air Force, Deputy Commander U.S. Strategic Command J. Bennett Johnston, U.S. Senator Nancy Landon Kassebaum, U.S. Senator LTG. Frank Kearney (ret.), U.S. Army, Deputy Director for Strategic Operational Planning at the National CounterTerrorism Center LTG. Claudia J Kennedy (ret.), U.S. Army, Former Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence Amb. (ret.) Daniel Kurtzer, Ambassador to Israel and Egypt Ellen Laipson, Vice Chair of the National Intelligence Council, President Emeritus of Stimson Center Carl Levin, U.S. Senator and Chairman of the Senate Committee on Armed Services Mel Levine, U.S. Representative Amb. (ret.) John Limbert, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Iran 
Amb. (ret.) Winston Lord, Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and the Pacific Ambassador to China, Director of Policy Planning, Department of State Amb. (ret.) William H. Luers, Ambassador to Czechoslovakia and Venezuela Richard G. Lugar, U.S. Senator, Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations Suzanne Maloney, Policy Planning Department of State, Deputy Director of the Foreign Policy Program at the Brookings Institution Jessica T. Mathews, Director of the Office of Global Issues, National Security Council Gen. (ret.) Merrill McPeak, U.S. Air Force, Chief of Staff Amb. (ret.) William G. Miller, Ambassador to Ukraine Amb. (ret.) Cameron Munter, Ambassador to Pakistan and Serbia Amb. (ret.) Richard W. Murphy, Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs Vali Nasr, Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, Dean of Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies Richard Nephew, Director for Iran at the National Security Council, Deputy Coordinator for Sanctions Policy at the Department of State Amb. (ret.) Ronald E. Neumann, Ambassador to Afghanistan, Algeria, and Bahrain Gen. (ret.) Lloyd Fig Newton, U.S. Air Force, Commander, Air Education and Training Command Joseph Nye, Assistant Secretary of Defense, Chairman of the National Intelligence Council Admiral (ret.) Eric Olson, US. Navy, Commander of U.S. Special Operations Command Amb. (ret.) Thomas Pickering, Permanent Representative to the United Nations; Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs; Ambassador to Israel, Russia, India, El Salvador, Nigeria and Jordan Paul R. Pillar, National Intelligence Officer for the Near East and South Asia Amb. (ret.) Nicholas Platt, Ambassador to Pakistan, Philippines, and Zambia Joe R. Reeder, Deputy Secretary of the Army, Chairman of the Panama Canal Commission Amb. (ret.) Francis J. Ricciardone, Ambassador to Egypt, Turkey, the Philippines, and Palau Burton Richter, Professor Emeritus, Stanford University; Nobel Laureate in Physics Barnett R. Rubin, Senior Adviser to the Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Gary S. Samore, White House Coordinator for Arms Control and Weapons of Mass Destruction, Senior Director for Nonproliferation and Export Controls at the National Security Council Gen. Brent Scowcroft (ret.), U.S. National Security Advisor Patricia Schroeder, U.S. Representative Gary Sick, Director of the Office of Iran and the Persian Gulf of the National Security Council Jim Slattery, U.S. Representative Mark Udall, U.S. Senator Amb. (ret.) Bill vanden Heuvel, Ambassador to the European Office of the United Nations, Deputy U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Frank N. von Hippel, Assistant Director for National Security, White House Office of Science and Technology Policy Jane Wales, Special Assistant to the President, Senior Director of the National Security Council, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Amb. (ret.) Edward S. Walker, Jr., Ambassador to Israel, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates James Walsh, Research Associate at Massachusetts Institute of Technology Security Studies Program Frank Wilczek, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Nobel Laureate in Physics Timothy E. Wirth, U.S. Senator Amb. (ret.) Frank Wisner, Under Secretary of State for International Security Affairs; Ambassador to India, Egypt, the Philippines, and Zambia. The signers of this statement are either former senior officials of the U.S. government or prominent national security leaders who have not held senior government positions. The positions listed after the names of the former government officials are the senior posts held while in government. The positions listed after the names of those who were not from the government are listed with their current position. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this agreement is too important and the stakes are too high to treat this issue as just another political football. The safety and security of the United States, of Israel, and of the region depend on the successful implementation and diligent enforcement of the JCPOA. Instead of scoring political points, or seeking to deny the President a significant achievement, we should be working together in a bipartisan fashion to ensure the agreement’s success. We should be working together to explore ways to enhance coordination and cooperation with Israel and the international community to address unacceptable Iranian behavior, such as support for Hezbollah and abuse of human rights. Yet we find ourselves here, 1 year after the agreement’s announcement, still dealing with ObamaCarestyle gamesmanship. It is beneath this institution. The world is watching. We may think a bill that has no chance of being signed into law doesn’t matter; but to the leaders of China or Russia or Iran, it sends a signal from our country of hesitation and disunity. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and any bills that come before us with similar intent and to focus, instead, on ensuring the success of the JCPOA and reinforcing the agreement’s role in making the world a safer place. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, it is a little insulting to hear the remarks that were just made, as if any objection not toeing the line of this President, having objections to this arrangement, is partisan politics. The gentleman may have misspoken when he suggested that the Iran nuclear deal was signed. I would offer that the Iran nuclear deal actually hasn’t been signed. The President has acknowledged not only is this not a treaty, but Secretary Kerry, when he was before the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said it is not even an executive agreement. It is a political commitment, a signed letter from the State Department saying that this is an unsigned political commitment. Now, we are allowed to have objections to that. I would suggest that the best interest of national security is to join in support of this bill and putting that over party politics. I rise today in support of the Iran Accountability Act introduced by House Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY . I also commend Chairman EDROYCE  for all of his incredibly valuable leadership, chairing the House Foreign Affairs Committee; and I also commend Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL , who I know is deeply passionate about U.S. security and the relationship with and accountability with Iran and strengthening our relationship with Israel. I know his heart is absolutely in the right place. So it is not a difficult position for all the Democratic colleagues who voted against the Iran nuclear agreement. I know that that takes an incredible amount of courage to stand up to a President of your own party. You did it for all the right reasons, putting national security over party politics. That wasn’t partisanship. It was actually a bipartisan vote in this House to disapprove of that Iran nuclear deal. Democrats who decided to put American security first voted against the Iran nuclear deal, an unsigned political commitment. Why were the Iranians at the table? Sanctions relief. It is not because we asked nicely, not because they want to be good world citizens. It is because they wanted the money. Then we gave them the money. They got through their election. By the way, those who say that the most moderate members were elected, that is discounting the fact that the 12,000 most moderate members weren’t even allowed access to the ballot. There were only the hardliners left on the ballot. So the Iranians get the money; they get past their elections; and here we are today. And you are insulting us in this Chamber by saying that any concern that we have, if it doesn’t toe the President’s party line, is partisan politics. I don’t care who the President is, whether it is Republican or Democrat, this one or the next one, the fact is what brought the Iranians to the table, the leverage, was the sanctions relief. And the sanctions relief that they received is now gone. So as they testfire intercontinental ballistic missiles in violation of international law, they unjustly imprison Americans as they commit their human rights abuses. Everything that they are doing today, we take exception with and we are acting on, and that’s why I rise. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, everything that we come to this well on this day to vote in favor of this legislation and Chairman ROYCE ’s legislation, three pieces of legislation to hold the Iranians accountable, it is the fact that, if we want the Iranians to come back to the table, we need to put the leverage back on the table. They are not coming back if we ask nicely. They haven’t changed who they are. They are not good world citizens. I am not going to sit here and allow this script of a White House taxpayer funded fiction writer, Ben Rhodes, going to the media to spread whatever false lies and narratives to help sell the Iran nuclear deal. We are here to represent our constituents and the American public. This is not about a narrative of a President and his legacy. This is about American security and doing what is best and doing what is right for our constituents and the American public. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), the ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is more than deeply troubling. You talk about bipartisanship, and you come forth with a bill that completely breaks it down. This issue is too essential to become a total tool of partisan jockeying. Our relationship with Israel is too vital to become a total political plaything. I refer, as my colleague from North Carolina did, to the statement of 75 national security leaders. I quote: ‘‘Dear Mr. President, ‘‘On the first anniversary of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) with Iran, Americans should be proud of your leadership in bringing about this landmark diplomatic agreement. ‘‘As a result of the JCPOA all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked, thereby providing greater security to our friends and partners in the region and to the world. From November 2013, when the interim nuclear agreement was reached, until today, Iran has remained in compliance with its commitments as verified by regular reports of the International Atomic Energy Agency.’’ This letter is signed by 75, including Brent Scowcroft. Why don’t you totally partisan Republicans, who are approaching a convention and a Presidential race, listen to very muchrespected people within your own party? Instead, you are thumbing your nose like this at them and at all of those who endeavor to bring about an effective policy regarding nuclear weaponry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today is simply unmasked political chicanery. This issue deserves better than the majority leader coming here without any notice, really, and putting forth a resolution that does nothing but harm what used to be a centerpiece of foreign policy: bipartisanship when it comes to the Middle East and the security of Israel. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). b1100 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5631 to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and for its human rights abuses. As a Member of Congress, I believe one of our most important duties is to ensure that Americans continue to remain secure from other countries that wish to harm us. Last year, President Obama entered into an agreement with Iran, which now allows Iran to advance their nuclear energy program. In turn, the President has allowed sanctions against Iran to be removed even though entities of the Iranian Government continue to conduct human rights violations. In addition, Iran continues to refine their ballistic missile program and support terrorism, which represents a serious threat to the United States and our allies. It should be the clear intent of this body that the continued use of economic sanctions against the country of Iran is necessary to ensure Iran does not have the resources necessary to harm or even eliminate our country or its allies. H.R. 5631 does this. It ensures that the policy of this country is to continue to take aggressive action against Iran to prevent the development of weapons that could harm our country or our allies. We must also continue to ensure that it is the policy of this country that efforts be taken to prevent human rights violations by any country. I would like to thank my colleague, Majority Leader MCCARTHY , for bringing this bill to the floor, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from New York has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), a very hardworking and respected member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this week we approach the 1year anniversary of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the JCPOA, the agreement negotiated by the P5+1 countries over Iran’s illicit pursuit of nuclear weapons. One year later, Iran remains far outside the community of responsible countries. Iran continues to sponsor terrorism around the region. It funds and supports the murderous Assad regime. It spouts antiSemitic and antiIsrael vitriol. It foments unrest in other countries. It denies basic human rights to its citizens, and it unlawfully detains American citizens. Iran has still not returned my constituent, Robert Levinson, who went missing in Iran in 2007 and is now the longestheld American hostage. My friends on the other side of the aisle know that, and I commend Chairman ROYCE for his diligence in looking for ways to strengthen our sanctions regime and to vigilantly enforce the Iran nuclear deal in order to keep the pressure on Iran. Iran’s subversive actions have not relented despite the agreement. Iran has explicitly and repeatedly violated U.N. Security Council resolutions by testing its ballistic missile technology, weapons capable of delivering nuclear warheads. In addition, recent intelligence reports from Germany expose that Iran sought technology related to the development of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons. So there is a lot that needs to be done to keep the pressure on Iran. For all of these reasons, Congress needs to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act, the law that actually serves as the foundation for our sanctions policy. We have to pass new sanctions to address Iran’s repeated ballistic missile tests, and we have to crack down on Iran’s financial support for terrorism. These are items that have always enjoyed broad bipartisan support. All of the areas that Iran is doing harm throughout the region—support for terrorism, violation of the human rights of their people, ballistic missile tests—everything that falls outside of the nuclear deal, we should be working together to strengthen with this bipartisan support. But rushing through legislation that is designed to undermine the JCPOA and put the United States in violation of our commitments under the JCPOA not only fail to punish Iran’s malfeasance—which is our goal, and it is the shared goal—but it weakens America’s ability to lead a global effort against Iran’s destabilizing efforts throughout the world. We can’t do this on our own. We need to work with our allies. We need to lead our allies. That is the role that the United States has always played. Mr. Speaker, I did not support the Iran nuclear agreement, but it is in effect, and it must be enforced with vigilance. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURBELO of Florida). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend. 
Mr. Speaker, we have to maintain immense pressure on the Iranian regime so long as it violates human rights, supports terrorism, and tests ballistic missiles; but failure by the United States to uphold the deal will only weaken—I repeat for my colleagues who share my commitment to standing up to Iran, it will only weaken—our efforts to lead the international community in taking strong action to counter Iran’s actions both under and outside of the JCPOA. These three bills this week that have been rushed to the floor without having the opportunity to discuss them, to debate them, and to develop broad bipartisan support on them in ways that will not jeopardize our role under the JCPOA weaken our ability to lead. That is why I oppose them, and that is why I urge my colleagues to oppose them as well. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), our Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I regret that I rise to oppose this bill. I have historically and repeatedly worked in a bipartisan fashion to bring bills to this floor that were supported by both parties as it relates to the security of Israel. This bill comes to the floor as we take stock of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the Iran nuclear deal. This bill, disappointingly, was written without any input from Democrats or any committee or through regular order. By not acting in a bipartisan manner, we are missing the opportunity to send an important message to Iran of our steadfast resolve in holding it accountable both to their commitments under the JCPOA and under applicable U.S. laws and U.N. resolutions. We need to remember that it was toughness born from bipartisan unity that brought Iran to the table in the first place. That, again, is what will be required to ensure its full compliance. As much as Iran has mostly complied with the letter of the deal, it has pushed the limits when it comes to its spirit. One of my major concerns about the deal from a year ago remains, and it is that the deal is limited in scope only to Iran’s nuclear activities. It does not cover the other areas in which Iran has proven to be a dangerous and threatening actor. Mr. Speaker, U.N. Security Council Resolution 2231, which implemented the JCPOA, called for Iran to halt its ballistic missile program. Instead, Iran has continued to develop and test missiles that could carry a nuclear payload. There have also been reports that it is attempting to acquire ballistic missile technology in violation of U.N. Resolution 2231. Iran’s sponsorship of global terror has continued unabated, and its arms and fighters stream into Syria, exacerbating the instability there and threatening regional security. Hamas and Hezbollah continue to threaten Israel with Iranian arms and financial support, and Iran’s leaders continue to call for the end of the Jewish State of Israel. That is why, even as Iran has received sanctions relief through the JCPOA, it was always understood that we would need and be able to increase pressure on Iran with additional sanctions targeting its ballistic missile program and other destabilizing actions. We must not allow Iran to violate the nuclear deal. If Iran does not feel that it is sufficiently benefiting from the nuclear deal, frankly, that is because its malign activities and its outdated banking system are continuing to deter foreign investment. Iran and the world need to understand that it is not America’s job to fix the problems that Iran has created for itself. That is why, as Iran continues to flaunt its obligations and sponsor terrorism around the world, its leaders must know with certainty that there will be real consequences from the United States and our allies for those actions. I am opposing this bill and urging that Democrats and Republicans—and my friend, Mr. ROYCE , has done that repeatedly throughout his leadership of the Committee on Foreign Affairs—return to our successful bipartisan partnership, as we have in the past, to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act as soon as possible, and then work toward enacting sanctions targeting Iran’s ballistic missile program. Let’s come back here with legislation that sends a powerful message to Iran that there is no daylight between the parties in Congress when it comes to our shared resolve that Iran must abandon its sponsorship of terror, end its ballistic missile program, and comply fully with the JCPOA. My friends, Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member ENGEL , and my colleagues, our commitment to Israel and international peace and security demands no less. Let us return to bipartisanship on which Israel has relied and the message that we sent was stronger, firmer, and more effective. Let us defeat this partisan legislation and return to the bipartisan table. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The goal of the Iran Accountability Act, the goal of this measure we are talking about today is not to force the administration to violate its flawed Iran deal. The goal here, the goal of this bill is to call upon the President to uphold his pledge to remain vigilant and respond to Iran’s continued support for its ballistic missile program and terrorism and its human rights abuses. Okay? The sanctions in this bill would force the administration to act decisively with respect to the twin threats of Iran’s effort to develop and acquire ballistic missiles and to support terrorism. It would seek to bolster the effect of secondary sanctions that apply outside the United States on Iran’s development of ballistic missiles in the wake of the administration’s wholesale retreat from multilateral sanctions regarding ballistic missiles. If the administration was actually involved in enforcing this, this legislation would not be necessary. Last July, Secretary of State John Kerry testified that the U.N. Security Council Resolution 2231, which implemented the deal, contains the exact same language prohibiting Iran from developing ballistic weapons as the previous resolution. That sounded pretty encouraging to us. Oh, if only it were true. If only it had been true. The text of the resolution appears to suggest it is quite the opposite. In U.N. SCR 2231, Iran is nonbindingly called upon—those are the words, ‘‘called upon’’—to refrain from developing ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear warheads. By contrast, the original resolution bindingly stated that Iran shall not—shall not— develop ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear warheads. Now, here is where we have to focus, my friends. Here is where we have to focus. This past spring, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Zarif bragged on this very point, and here are his words. He said that he negotiated a loophole. He negotiated a loophole that would enable the regime to continue to develop nuclearcapable ballistic missiles. That is why we are here debating this today. What did he say? The new resolution, he claimed—and these are his words—doesn’t call upon Iran not to test ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear warheads. No. It calls upon Iran not to test ballistic missiles that were designed to be capable. And he adds: ‘‘That word took me about 7 months to negotiate, so everybody knew what it meant.’’ As such, Iran could develop a ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead but then claim it was not designed for that specific purpose. b1115 Later reports indicated that the United States and its European allies issued a joint letter. Now, remember, Iran has now fired off eight tests. The last test, on the ballistic weapons, on the side of them, it said ‘‘Death to Israel’’ in Farsi and in Hebrew. And that joint letter stated that Iran’s recent ballistic missile tests were—what was the word used by the United States now?—were inconsistent with, rather than a violation of, the resolution. So which is it? Ultimately, the U.N. fails to impose new sanctions despite Iran’s continued missile tests. During this entire debate on the floor this House, the talking points indicated that Iran would be 
prevented from developing and using and testing these ballistic missiles for the next 8 years. Now we find out that, apparently, the administration intends to allow this continued buildup of their capabilities of an intercontinental ballistic missile. Thus, what this legislation seeks to restore is the necessary deterrent effect with respect to ballistic missiles and correct the administration’s debilitating mistakes. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), a very respected and hardworking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). I rise in opposition to H.R. 5631, the socalled Iran Accountability Act. The majority has decided, on its own, without any bipartisanship, to coopt traditional action on a bipartisan basis to counter Iran by fasttracking sharply partisan legislation that would undermine not only the Iran nuclear agreement but fracture the very delicate international coalition that allowed us to reverse the nuclear development in Iran. I guess that is something that happens when amateurs write a bill without any foreign policy background. This bill was drafted, as Mr. HOYER  indicated, with no input from the minority and was brought to the floor under a closed rule. How can anyone, much less our adversary Iran, take this seriously? If the majority really cared about countering Iran, it would safeguard longstanding bipartisan consensus and bring to the floor a clean reauthorization of the Iran Sanctions Act, which I would support and I am sure most people on my side of the aisle. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. CONNOLLY. Instead, the majority is scrambling to pass at the last hour of this part of our session, just before a 7week recess, the bill before us today. It is a farce. It is a dangerous gambit by the majority to play electionyear politics at the expense of U.S. bipartisan foreign policy. I urge rejection of this illconsidered bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. You know, the question is not whether Iran is a good player. Iran is not a good player. The question is: What should be our response to it? It is not a question of whether the Iranian regime is good or bad. Of course it is bad. I opposed the Iran deal. The question is: How do we react to it? Mr. Speaker, we had an opportunity to work on meaningful legislation that would have held Iran’s feet to the fire and ensured the nuclear deal was being fully, fairly implemented. It could have been a reauthorization of the Iran Sanctions Act. It could have been another bipartisan approach. But, instead, we are going to vote on this bill, which will pass mostly on partisan lines, and then skip town for 7 weeks. I think that is a shame, because I don’t think we have done our job. And there is no job more important than protecting America’s security. Ramming through partisan bills that don’t stand a chance of becoming law is just irresponsible. It diminishes Congress’ role in making foreign policy. It certainly diminishes the Foreign Affairs Committee’s role. So I hope when we return from the break we can hit the reset button on the way we deal with these issues. I think it is important for us to work together in a bipartisan fashion. As I have said so many times on this floor, it has been a pleasure working with Chairman ROYCE on the committee in a bipartisan fashion. Give the committee a chance to formulate a bill that will hold Iran’s feet to the fire. It is a terrible regime. It is a bloody regime. We are all united on both sides of the aisle in wanting to confront that regime. The question is how to do it. You don’t do it by ramming through a partisan bill. You do it by working in a bipartisan fashion. For now, we should reject this bill, go back to the drawing board, and work together to confront the Iranian murderous regime. They are a regime that we need to confront. Nobody disagrees on that on both sides of the aisle. The question is: Should we do it together? Let’s do it together. The Foreign Affairs Committee has been a bipartisan mecca of how Congress should work. Let’s go back to that, particularly with foreign policy. Let’s go back to that. So I urge my colleagues to reject the bill. We have good people on both sides of the aisle. We all want to see the same thing. Let’s put our heads together and come up with a consensus and confront Iran. Reject the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The first point I would make, Mr. Speaker, is that, under the agreement, Iran has kept much of its nuclear infrastructure. It continues to develop advanced centrifuges. It continues to gain the ability to produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale. This means, if we are looking at the long haul on enforcement and challenges ahead, that the ayatollah won’t even have to cheat to be just steps away from a nuclear weapon when the clock runs out. In the meantime, tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief is now starting to flow to Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. Now, the assurances that we have been given—and these underlying concerns, by the way, are why so many Members, including many from the Foreign Affairs Committee, opposed the administration’s deal with Iran in the first place. But these longterm problems now of Iran beginning to use that money for terrorist activity, for the IRGC, and for support for Hezbollah is what is prompting our effort now to try to get some kind of an enforcement, not necessarily on the deal itself, but on original assurances we had been given by the President. For example, when he presented this deal, he claimed that the United States would remain vigilant in countering Iran’s sponsorship of terrorism, its support for proxies who destabilize the Middle East, its threats against America’s friends and allies, like Israel. Some of us supported the nuclear deal with Iran; some of us didn’t. But, regardless, I don’t think any of us thought that Iran should be given carte blanche to continue and even escalate its dangerous hostility in that region and its hostility to us and our allies and hostility to the Iranian people, frankly, which is another issue. That is not what the administration told us last year. It makes sense to do all we can to check this very dangerous trend in Iranian activity. The problem is that the administration refuses to do this. This is what drives us to bring the bill to the floor. The administration refuses to negotiate, as I said before, on anything with the word ‘‘Iran’’ in it. So that is why we are here. I would ask my colleagues who oppose this measure: We were told, all right, we are going to hold them on human rights. How many Iranian officials has the administration designated for human rights abuses since the negotiations ended? The answer to that is zero. There have been no human rights designations in the past year. Talk about walking on eggshells. Despite the fact that Iran’s Minister of Justice and head of the judiciary— they are clear human rights violators, but they have not been designated, as the number of executions inside Iran go up. Iranian regional aggression has increased exponentially since this agreement was reached. The administration has been reluctant to act decisively on that. In March, the CENTCOM Commander, General Joe Votel, testified that Iran has become more aggressive in the days since the agreement. Similarly, our Director of National Intelligence says Iran—in his words, the foremost state sponsor of terrorism—continues to exert its influence in regional crises in the Middle East through the International Revolutionary Guard Corps, through the Quds Force, its terrorist partner Lebanese Hezbollah, and its proxy groups. It also provides military and economic aid to its allies in the region. Iran and 
Hezbollah remain a continuing terrorist threat to U.S. interests and partnerships worldwide. Now, if the IRGC ends up with $100 billion—because it is the International Revolutionary Guard Corps that, in fact, nationalized most of the companies inside Iran. If they get their hands on this money and if this terrorist sponsoring organization continues its proliferation, then Hezbollah is going to be the primary beneficiary of the sanctions relief. We were assured that steps were going to be taken on that point. That was supposed to be our end goal, right? Secretary Kerry even admitted immediately after the implementation day, ‘‘I think that some of it will end up in the hands of the IRGC or other entities, some of which are labeled ‘terrorists.’ You know, to some degree, I am not going to sit here and tell you that every component of that can be prevented.’’ Okay, it can’t all be prevented, but surely some of it can. The Secretary of State was basically saying that there was nothing the U.S. could do to prevent the IRGC and terrorists from benefiting exponentially from sanctions relief. No wonder Iran’s efforts to destabilize the region are picking up steam. Consider Iran’s smuggling of weapons to militants throughout the region. According to the State Department, Iran arms Hezbollah with advanced, long range Iranian manufactured missiles, in violation of the U.N. Security Council resolution. We are trying to do something to at least say: Stop that. Just days after the announcement of the JCPOA, here is what Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah asserted that that deal would not stand in the way of Iranian support for Hezbollah. How right he was, because in June 2016 Nasrallah boasted that all of Hezbollah’s weapons and rockets came from the Islamic Republic of Iran— 150,000 rockets pointed at our ally, Israel. And now they say they are going to be able to target those with GPS technology. Aren’t we going to stand in the way of that? Similarly, Iran continues to destabilize our partners in the Gulf. They already overthrew the Government in Yemen with their support for the Shiite Houthis there; particularly, also, in Bahrain, where they carry out a low level insurgency as well. I beg to differ with the Secretary of State. There is something we can do. We can act on the administration’s stated commitment to our allies and hold Iran’s feet to the fire on this issue. The Iran deal should not come at the cost of the domestic security of our regional allies. We could have the original deal, and we could still enforce what we were told on this floor would be enforced. For 8 years, they were not supposed to be proliferating or developing ballistic missiles. For 5 years, they were not supposed to be transferring to Hezbollah additional weapons capability. Now we are turning a blind eye. Now we are walking on eggshells with respect to their treatment of their own people, as the human rights violations and the executions become worse and as they hold two more Americans. Frankly, that is why this legislation is before us on the House floor. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1130 The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 819, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 819, I call up the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regulations relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YODER ). Pursuant to House Resolution 819, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4992 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Financial System Protection Act of 2016’’. 
DEALER IN SECURITIES .—The term ‘‘United States registered broker or dealers in securities’’ has the meaning given such term in section 560.321 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4992. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4992. This bill would prohibit trade with Iran in dollars, and that is the world’s top currency. The Iranian access to the U.S. financial system here is what is at risk. When selling this Iran deal to Congress, Treasury Secretary Lew testified unequivocally that—and I am going to quote him; I am going to quote our Treasury Secretary—‘‘Iranian banks will not be able to clear U.S. dollars through New York, hold correspondent account relationships with U.S. financial institutions, or enter into financing arrangements with U.S. banks.’’ He testified: ‘‘Iran, in other words, will continue to be denied access to the world’s largest financial and commercial market.’’ The Secretary strongly denied the administration was giving away the store to Iran. We were told that the restrictions on Iran’s access to the U.S. dollar were key to pushing back on Iran’s terrorism and on its missile proliferation. But for the past 6 months, as the Iranian Supreme Leader has ratcheted up complaints about the pace of sanctions relief, the Obama administration has shifted to ‘‘making sure Iran gets relief.’’ That is the theme. Indeed, the State Department has taken its advocacy for Iran to a new and disturbing level by trying to persuade major nonU.S. banks that doing Iranrelated business is not only permitted, but is actually encouraged. As one witness told the committee in May, the United States is acting as the ‘‘business development and trade promotion authority of the Islamic Republic of Iran.’’ And the administration is looking for ways for Iran to be able to conduct business in dollars. When challenged before the House Financial Services Committee in March, Secretary Lew would not answer authoritatively whether the United States may offer Iran the ability to access onshore or offshore dollarclearing, to allow for dollardenominated transactions and ease Iran’s ability to trade internationally. The ayatollah wants this form of sanctions relief—to essentially declare that Iran is open for business—without ending its support for terrorism and ending its proliferation of missiles. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States should not be offering additional special exemptions to assist Iran with access to dollars while Iran remains a leading state sponsor of terror, subject to serious sanctions. Notably, the Treasury Department’s designation of Iran as a primary money laundering concern remains, and that is a recognition that any financial transaction with Iran risks supporting the regime’s ongoing illicit activities. That is part of the reason that the Financial Action Task Force, which sets the global antimoney laundering standards, has warned of, in their words, ‘‘the terrorist financing risk emanating from Iran and the threat this poses to the international financial system.’’ Instead of granting such a significant unilateral concession of Iranian access to dollarized transactions, this legislation requires a reciprocal step by Tehran. Iran must stop its support for terrorism, one of the top concerns that administration officials promised that they were going to address using its remaining sanctions after the nuclear agreement. This is an approach that all Members should support. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this week Republicans have made it a top priority to bypass regular order and rush a number of measures to the floor as part of their reckless and politically driven Iran week agenda that would put the United States in breach of our commitments under the Iran nuclear deal. Concluded a year ago, the Iran nuclear deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or the JCPOA, will prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear bomb for the foreseeable future. The agreement imposed tough restrictions on and heavy monitoring of Iran’s nuclear program in exchange for nuclearrelated sanctions relief. To date, Iran has upheld its end of the deal, and I believe we have a responsibility to uphold our commitments as well. The bill before us today, H.R. 4992, is just one of the measures under consideration this week that is aimed squarely at prohibiting Iran from experiencing the sanctions relief promised under the agreement that is the JCPOA. As part of the Iran nuclear deal, the U.S. committed to lift secondary sanctions to allow Iran to conduct banking transactions outside of the United States in return for Iran meeting its nuclearrelated commitments, which was verified by the International Atomic Energy Agency. H.R. 4992, this bill, would put the United States in direct violation of the JCPOA by reapplying these secondary sanctions that had been lifted as part of the agreement. Moreover, the bill would undermine the good faith commitment made by all parties under the JCPOA to uphold the letter, the spirit, and intent of the agreement, and to refrain from action that would undermine its successful implementation. By denying the relief we committed to provide under the deal, we throw the continued viability of the JCPOA into question, thereby abandoning the best chance we have at preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. In addition to violating our commitments under the JCPOA, this bill does nothing to provide additional protection for the United States financial system. The bill’s proponents ignore the fact that our primary embargo on Iran remains in effect and that the administration is already taking robust measures to protect the United States financial system from access by Iran. To the extent this bill is motivated by rumors that the administration is preparing to grant Iran new access to the U.S. financial system beyond the scope of JCPOA, I would point out that the administration has said that these rumors are entirely unfounded. The administration has also made clear that it has no intention of reinstating the Uturn authorization, which permits foreign firms to use the U.S. as a pass through for facilitating transactions with Iran, or give Iran access to the United States financial system. The President has officially stated that he will veto this bill and any other legislation that prevents the successful implementation of the Iran nuclear deal. We must ask ourselves, if we undermine this deal that we made, what comes next, more sanctions? It is important to remember that the harsh nuclearrelated sanctions that were previously in place did not prevent Iran from continuing to pursue a nuclear capability. A United Statesled attack on Iran—I sincerely hope that we would work diligently to avoid this option. Lastly, I am opposed to this bill being brought directly to the floor without going through regular order. We did not hold a hearing. We did not hold a markup in the Financial Services Committee on this legislation, denying Members the opportunity to fully consider its implications. We cannot renege on our commitment to uphold the JCPOA, a significant effort to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear bomb. Violating the agreement would not only undermine U.S. national security, but also our ability to lead on any international negotiations aimed at peace in the future. So I would urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 4992. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4992. I appreciate my good friend, Chairman ROYCE , of the Foreign Affairs Committee. We also serve on this Financial Services Committee. It was my subcommittee that granted the partial waiver to allow this legislation to come directly to the floor; and because I think that this is so important, that is why it is here on the floor today. Under the Obama administration’s flawed nuclear deal, the JCPOA, or Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Iran has received significant sanctions relief so far. Because of this dangerous deal, the Obama administration left the door wide open for Iran’s Supreme Leader to demand access to the dollar. This is the same country that the State Department dubbed ‘‘the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism.’’ This is the same country that the Treasury Department has labeled ‘‘a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern’’ thanks to its support for terrorism and the use of its banks to facilitate nuclear and ballistic missile initiatives. Last summer, Treasury Secretary Lew testified that ‘‘Iranian banks will not be able to clear U.S. dollars through New York, hold correspondent account relationships with U.S. financial institutions, or enter into financing arrangements with U.S. banks.’’ I agree. They should not. I am thrilled to hear Secretary Lew make that statement. He also then made it perfectly clear with another quote. ‘‘Iran, in other words, will continue to be denied access to the world’s largest financial and commercial market.’’ Yet we just hear that this is a breach of the JCPOA as has just been asserted. If so, then Secretary Lew’s own words would indicate a breach before it was even enacted and before it began. So which is it? They either really don’t want to codify this because they plan on trying to offer this or allow Iran to do it, or, for some other strange reason, they think that these words alone cover it. Well, they don’t because it is not legally binding. In fact, the President, the POTUS, the President of the United States, himself, has said that Iran has violated the spirit of the agreement already. Just last week, we had testimony in my subcommittee, where we were doing a hearing, that Germany, in Germany, the German intelligence services—Angela Merkel talked about this in the Bundestag—that they have indications that Iran has continued to pursue nuclear capabilities in Germany itself. So it is a very simple, yet a very important, piece of legislation that would codify the existing Treasury regulations that prohibit U.S. depository institutions and registered security brokers or dealers from processing funds to or from Iran as well as to prohibit any foreign financial institutions from transferring any funds that are in U.S. dollars. 
b1145 It has been also stated—I would say ludicrously—that somehow this bill and others like it are unpatriotic. I think it is the exact opposite, Mr. Speaker. This bill is necessary to make sure that the financial standing of the U.S. institutions are protected. I think it is important that we assert ourselves to make sure that this administration doesn’t go beyond the bounds that it already has, and it is time to put partisan persuasions aside, work together, and stop doing business with our enemies. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, one year ago, America chose to preclude an Iranian nuclear weapons program through diplomacy rather than war. What has happened in the 12 months since that momentous decision was made? The Iranians have given up 98 percent of their nuclear material. They have dismantled thousands of centrifuges, and they filled the core of a major plutonium reactor with concrete. Even the chief of staff of the Israel Defense Forces, the IDF, said: ‘‘The deal has actually removed the most serious danger to Israel’s existence for the foreseeable future and greatly reduced the threat over the longer term.’’ The promoters of these three bills are in a state of denial. They took every opportunity along the torturous path of negotiations to try to block, obstruct, and interfere with those negotiations and leave us with only the choice of war and military action to stop the Iranians from developing a nuclear weapon. So today, having denied diplomacy for so long, they are still compelled to deny that diplomacy has worked in the last year. What we should be doing today is building on our success, not seeking to subvert it. Success so far doesn’t mean that the Iranians may not backtrack. We know this is an authoritarian government that commits many wrongs today. It is certainly not our friend. That is why careful scrutiny and intensive inspections must continue. I believe that patient, deliberate diplomacy remains the only course—the best path—to protect our families. Now, one of the Republican Members this morning attacked the agreement and said that it has got us ‘‘walking on eggshells.’’ I have to tell you that even if that is true—and I deny that it is— walking on eggshells is much, much better for American families than the death and destruction of unleashing actual military shells. That is the alternative. I believe that continuous, intrusive monitoring is the key to keeping our families safe and avoiding war. We have a lot of people agreeing with that. Nobel laureates, generals, diplomats, and former legislators are advising that, through this agreement, all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked—so they said in their letter this week. I remain hopeful. I am hopeful and optimistic that eventually we will overcome the extremists in Iran, hopeful that peace will prevail, and hopeful about this Congress, if nothing else, will not undo this agreement. Because they have shown such an inability to do any other work as they today shut down the Congress for the next 53 days, leaving so many challenges unanswered. Let’s conclude today by rejecting this attempt to deny the most effective way to protect the security of our families and that of our allies by letting diplomacy continue to advance. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, just to make a point, this is not a breach of the nuclear deal. This has nothing to do with the nuclear deal. We did not agree to give Iran access to the U.S. dollar. As a matter of fact, the agreement that we all understood is that, without ending its support for terrorism and proliferation of missiles, they weren’t going to get that access. There were things we have held in reserve as continued pressure against Iran to get its compliance. The difficulty is that the ayatollah wants this form of additional relief outside of the deal, which essentially declares that Iran is open for business. He wants to be able to do it without ending his proliferation of missiles and these ballistic missile tests. And we are saying: No, no, that was not in the deal. We are not giving you additional—additional—rewards while you are decrying the United States and saying ‘‘death to the Great Satan,’’ ‘‘death to the Little Satan,’’ ‘‘death to America,’’ and ‘‘death to Israel.’’ Why should we further give advantage to the buildup of Iranian power when it is going not into the economy but into the hands—the coffers—of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps? That is the problem. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), a member of the Committee on Financial Services and the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman yielding. I appreciate his work on this important issue. He makes a good point, which is that this is not so much about the JCPOA, as noted by the opposition. This is about the fact that our joint agreement that the Obama administration reached with our allies with Iran is in conflict in many ways with existing Federal law and Federal practice where we are still involved in analyzing Iran for its sanction violations. More importantly, while there is a lot of talk about the 1year anniversary of the JCPOA, I want to remind my friends on both sides of the aisle that 7 years ago, in June, 2009, the people of Iran rose up against the malicious mullahs of their murderous regime, and their cries for help fell on deaf ears in the United States. Some 4,000 were arrested. What has become of them? What has become of those people? What has become of their cause? So I want to remember in June 2009, the impact of this regime in Iran. I am proud to support this legislation. I am proud to serve on the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. Look to the State Department’s most recent Country Reports on Iran. The report states: ‘‘Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism worldwide remained undiminished through the Islamic Revolutionary Guards, the Quds Force, its Ministry of Intelligence and Security, and Tehran’s ally, Hezbollah.’’ In addition to its support for terrorism, the Iranian regime is corrupt and known to be involved in money laundering, bribery, and illicit finance around the world—not just the Middle East, but in the Western Hemisphere. The Treasury has designated the Government of Iran as a primary money laundering concern since 2011. International financial bodies, such as the Financial Action Task Force, have warned Iran’s financing of terrorism poses a serious threat to the international financial system. So since the Iranian deal, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard is actively providing funding and arms to Hezbollah and Hamas, propping up Shia militias in Iraq, and responsible for deaths of Americans and our soldiers in Iraq. They continue to hold hostages. They continue to fail Federal adjudicated claims of 35 years of victims, and they continue to trade and test ballistic weapons, threatening our allies and our best interests. This legislation is not about sinking the nuclear deal. This legislation is about holding Iran accountable for its terrorist finance activities and its money laundering activities. There is no reason in any way, shape, or form that they deserve dollar access. This legislation is about maintaining the integrity of our country’s financial system and preventing the dollar from being used to support terrorism around the world. I am pleased to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4992 precisely because the passage of H.R. 4992, were it to become law—and I say this as a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence—would put me and this Congress and the rest of us in the United States back in a position of walking on eggshells, if I 
might borrow a phrase used by the Republican majority. It would put me back in the position of every single week going to the spaces of the Intelligence Committee and asking the question, What kind of progress has Iran made this week in their efforts to deliver nuclear weapons, and then hearing answers that I would not like and nobody in this Chamber would like. There is no question and there is no legal opinion of any credibility that suggests that H.R. 4992 is not a very clear violation of our obligations under the JCPOA. The majority has talked a lot about denying access to the U.S. infrastructure financial system, which the Treasury Secretary has said we will do. What they are not telling you is that H.R. 4992 would subject nonU.S. banks to the same restrictions on U.S. banks regarding dollardenominated transactions. So we would say to a French bank: You cannot undertake a transaction with a German hotel developer if it were denominated in dollars. Now, apart from the jurisdictional questions and the damage that would do to the United States dollar as the global reserve currency, it is a very clear violation of the JCPOA. There is no legal interpretation of any credibility that would suggest otherwise. Now, let me be clear about some things that we all agree on—and I have a profound amount of respect for Chairman ROYCE , and we agree on some things. I have heard a steady stream from the other side of the truth that Iran is money laundering, that they are sponsoring terrorism, that they are destabilizing the region, and that they treat their people terribly. You are 100 percent right on that issue. You will find no disagreement on this side of the aisle with any of those allegations. But the fact of the matter is that the Iran nuclear deal, which is jeopardized by this bill, was a deal that said: In exchange for stopping your development of nuclear weapons, we will provide you with access to some of your own money. That was the deal. The deal did not include: You will stop destabilizing the region and that you will stop your terrorist activity. By the way, I am sorry about that. I would have liked to have seen a deal that would have brought Iran entirely into the community of nations, but that was not the deal. By the way, there was a time in American history when we were a bit more adult in the way we thought about foreign relations where Ronald Reagan would go to the Soviet Union—what he called the evil empire—and do an IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces deal that was about nuclear weapons while the Soviet Union was murderous to their own people, destabilizing the globe, and threatening us with annihilation. But we said it was worth preserving the deal and preserving the safety that we had against ballistic weapons under Ronald Reagan. Now, we can’t disagree on some facts. I heard Chairman ROYCE say that tens of billions of dollars are going to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard. That is simply not true. Secretary Kerry estimated—and he was referring to actual dollars into the country—that some $3 billion had come into Iran. So, yes, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard, sadly, will benefit in some small way from the sanctions relief. But the figure of tens of billions of dollars is simply inaccurate. We disagree fundamentally on the Iran nuclear deal. The fact of the matter—and I have heard allegations from the other side to the contrary—is that not the IAEA—not any global bodies—are suggesting that Iran isn’t anything other than in compliance with the deal. As a consequence, instead of being 2 months away, as we were, from the development of an Iranian nuclear weapon, we are probably 12 months or more away from the development of a nuclear weapon. Is that perfect? Of course, it is not. It is speaking as somebody who every week considers the threats to this country being 12 months away is a heck of a lot safer than being 2 months away. I have heard from the other side that this is a flawed deal and that it jeopardizes U.S. national security and the security of Israel. Let me quote somebody who knows something about the security of Israel, Lieutenant General Gadi Eizenkot, Chief of Staff of Israel Defense Forces. Six months ago he said: ‘‘The deal has actually removed the most serious danger to Israel’s existence for the foreseeable future and greatly reduced the threat over the longer term.’’ If it is true for Israel, it is true for the United States. Stand up for peace, stand up for our international obligations, and oppose H.R. 4992. b1200 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think the Secretary was awarded several Pinocchios from The Washington Post for that statement on the amount of support that would give the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. The reason why is because the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, in fact, owns many of the largest institutions. They were nationalized after the 1979 revolution. Because of this, they are beneficiaries of the economic activity. It is the number one economic actor, according to our Department of Commerce, according to our State Department. The IRGC is the number one economic actor. So, in point of fact, yes, this deal is going to demonstrably benefit the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps at a time when they are in charge of this ballistic missile program, intercontinental ballistic missile program, which you see them developing and advancing as we speak. I would just add one other point, and that is that there isn’t a lot of debate here in terms of what message they are sending us when they go to the streets and, under the direction of the ayatollah, members of the IRGC chant ‘‘Death to America.’’ I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), a member of the Committee on Financial Services and of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. To my friend from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), look, I know you to be one of the, actually, smartest people here on these sort of subjects. So I am going to take a slightly different approach and see if what I am actually reading in this legislation is a little different than some of the nature of the conversation here. The way I am reading this legislation, it functionally says that U.S. chartered institutions will not act as the clearers, clearinghouses, for FX, for dollardenominated trade. So, as we walk through those mechanics—if we all remember when we sat down, both in the isolated area, reading the nuclear agreement, what was in that agreement that said we are obligated to hand over the infrastructure of our U.S. financial system, our banking system, our foreign exchange clearing system, and we have an obligation to provide that infrastructure that we have built and hand that to the Islamic Republic of Iran? There is nothing in the agreement that says we have an obligation to provide our financial infrastructure to help them. Now, we have already heard Chairman ROYCE and others walk through all of the bad acts and how this money is often killing people around the world and taking their lives and threatening our allies. That may be the meat of it, but the actual legislation functionally denies the use of clearing U.S. currency, U.S. dollars from U.S.chartered institutions. My understanding is that, if they wanted to, they could probably go to the Bank of Singapore and clear their dollars there into gold and wash money for other bad actors and send it to murderers in Lebanon. But at least those institutions that we hold dear, that we regulate, that we talk about here, that our taxpayers guarantee deposits in, why would we hand Iran our infrastructure to clear their dollars when so many of their resources are going for bad acts? I know we keep having this conversation of, ‘‘The nuclear deal is bad, many of us voted against it,’’ others saying, ‘‘Oh, it is a great achievement, we want to support it.’’ Fine. There is nothing in the agreement that says, great, you now get to use the U.S. infrastructure to finance yourselves, move money around, and actually ultimately wash money to do evil in the world. So if we are going to have this conversation, let’s be intellectually honest 
of what the language in the legislation actually says. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ), the ranking member of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4992, the so called United States Financial System Protection Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4992 would directly violate our commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. There is no question about that. By reimposing the secondary sanctions on Iran’s banking sector, we clearly violate the terms of that JCPOA. These are not transactions between the U.S. and Iran, but, rather, these are banking transactions that occur outside the U.S. financial system. These sanctions were lifted on implementation day, according to the agreement, but only after we put International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors in place in Iran, on the ground, to verify Iran’s compliance with the deal. That verification and reporting occurs on a monthly basis. The last report we have from the IAEA, who are on the ground in Iran, is that they are, indeed, in full compliance with the terms of the JCPOA which addressed their nuclear program. Critics of the JCPOA will tell you that this bill is needed to ensure that Iran does not gain access to the U.S. financial system. Yet the administration has made clear that we are not going to reinstate the Uturn authorization or grant Iran access to the U.S. financial system. And, during the JCPOA talks, the U.S. stood firm that our sanctions against Iran’s weapons of mass destruction, human rights violations, and support for terrorism were not on the table. They were not part of that agreement. And our primary trade embargo on Iran, with certain limited exceptions, is still in place. Now, critics of the JCPOA will also tell you that the license that has been granted to Boeing to sell civilian passenger aircraft to Iran is really a subterfuge and that Iran is going to use these commercial jetliners to transport weapons or personnel in a military capacity. They ignore the fact that Iran already has military combat aircraft that they purchased from Russia. So there is no need for Iran to buy Airbus aircraft from the EU or Boeing aircraft from the United States in order to fund their military, their air force. So that is clearly not something that they are trying to do. Like I said, they could buy directly from the Russian Government, as they have done in the past and they continue to do, combat aircraft. Mr. Speaker, it is ironic that exactly 1 year after the U.S. and the P5+1 announced the landmark JCPOA that Congress is voting to undermine it. The bills on the floor this week are an attempt to undermine that by opponents of this deal and have another bite of the apple and try to bring down the agreement. I would like to remind my fellow Members that we have debated this already and the House and Senate failed to pass a joint resolution of disapproval. That deal is done. And, so far, even according to highlevel Israeli officials, Iran remains in compliance with that agreement. We should focus instead on ensuring that this is fully implemented and that our inspectors have a full and fair opportunity to maintain that Iran is indeed in compliance. The global community, as a result of this agreement, will be in a better position to know and to respond sooner and with the benefit of having vast, detailed intelligence about Iran’s nuclear facilities. We are there, we are on the ground like never before. Iran has removed over twothirds of its centrifuges and placed them under international supervision. That is a cut of nearly 14,000. It stopped enriching uranium and removed nuclear material from Fordow, one of its major facilities. It has cut its fissile material stockpile by 98 percent, from 12,000 kilograms to less than 300 kilograms of only nonweaponsgrade material. The heavy water reactor at Arak has been rendered unusable for nuclear purposes. Finally, the JCPOA has verifiably delayed any possible path Iran may have to a nuclear weapon. Enacting this bill, H.R. 4992, or any of these antiIrannucleardeal bills would give Iran’s hardliners the very excuse that they want to rip up the JCPOA, kick out the IAEA inspectors on the agreement, and race toward getting a nuclear bomb. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RIGELL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Mr. LYNCH. If we do sabotage this deal, will we be able to count on the backup from the global community to bring Iran back into line? It is a risk I believe is dangerous and, in this case, unnecessary. I urge my fellow Members to defeat H.R. 4992. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE for bringing this important legislation. The American public stands with you, Chairman, and there are multiple reasons why the American public will stand with all of this Congress that will vote for this bill. For one, the American public has an issue with financing Iranian terror through U.S. financial infrastructure. The American public has had an enormous issue with a lot of specifics related to the Iran nuclear agreement. It is not really much of an agreement. It is an unsigned political commitment. There are material differences with regard to the agreement. The U.S. said, We are going to be able to access military sites. The Iranians said, Before, during, and after the negotiation, you will never be able to access our military sites. We said, Sanctions relief will be phased in over the course of time based on compliance. The Iranians say, No, sanctions relief will be immediate, no suspension. These are pretty important parts of the agreement. Well, let’s talk about some other parts that weren’t part of the agreement, they weren’t able to agree to. So they put into a secretive deal between the Iranians and an entity that we have no ability to actually be on an inspections team because, as the AP reports, the IAEA’s agreement with the U.S.—these socalled deals where the verification is outlined. The Iranians, in some cases, are inspecting their own nuclear sites. In other cases, they are responsible for collecting some of their own soil samples. That is why the American public stands with everyone who votes for this legislation, because of all the unilateral concessions that have been made since this agreement has been made. This isn’t the only one. Buying heavy water for no reason. While this President is holding the heavy water of the Iranians, those who vote for this bill, who have opposed the Iran nuclear agreement, they are holding the heavy water of American security for their $1.7 billion payment that was made after this deal was reached: a $400 million debt, plus $1.3 billion of interest. Or our detained soldiers, who were embarrassed through photography and videography. And we are saying thank you for releasing our sailors? The American public was outraged. Using our sailors as propaganda to make yourself look strong and the rest of us look weak. Or maybe it is giving the Iranians access to U.S. financial institutions. We are being laughed at. The Iranians will take to the street and they will chant ‘‘Death to America,’’ they will continue their illegal test firing of intercontinental ballistic missiles, and they will detain Americans unjustly. They know that we didn’t even ask for a signature. Think about it. Of all the agreements we enter into in life— buying a car or buying a home—we couldn’t even ask for a signature. The American public is upset. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES). Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, to my friend from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), perhaps we didn’t get a signature, but we got compliance from Iran on their obligations to stop their production of nuclear weapons. 
b1215 I want to take the rest of my time to hopefully clear up a factual matter. I have profound respect for Chairman ROYCE , and Congressman S CHWEIKERT  is one of my closest friends in this Chamber. We seem to have a disagreement as to whether this would jeopardize the JCPOA. This bill would subject nonU.S. banks to the same restrictions that are put on U.S. banks regarding dollardenominated securities. I would point to, in the JCPOA, annex II, which lists the sanctions to be lifted under the JCPOA, 4.1.3, which lifts sanctions on the provision of U.S. bank notes. This would clearly violate our obligations under the JCPOA, and I would hope that my friends in the majority would acknowledge that fact as they push this bill. I continue to urge its rejection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4992, the United States Financial System Protection Act; and I thank Chairman ROYCE for offering the legislation today and for his tremendous leadership on this issue. Allowing Iran access to the U.S. dollar would mark an unprecedented concession to the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Iran has taken virtually no tangible actions to suggest that it is serious about dismantling its nuclear program or ending its decades long ties to terrorism. Why should Iran be rewarded with coveted access to our currency? Last week, I offered an amendment to the Financial Services Appropriations Act that would make sure that the U.S. Treasury officials who might be attempting to act on this matter would not be permitted to do so—to change statutory law. This would go not only to this administration, but to future administrations as well. My amendment passed by a voice vote, and today’s legislation and the previous bills go further in adding new sanctions to stop the administration’s purchase of heavy water from Iran and to prevent any additional steps to appease Iran. This goes to the heart of the agreement, which was voted down in this House. It was never voted on in the other House because of cloture. Let us make sure that Iran is held accountable. Iran has done nothing to earn our trust. Let’s not give away critical language in this regard. I urge a strong ‘‘yes’’ vote on Chairman ROYCE ’s legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. You have heard very clearly from this side of the aisle as to why it is so important for us to be true to our commitments that were made under the agreement. You have heard very clearly what this bill is all about. Part of that agreement which is being denied by the opposite side of the aisle has to do with nonU.S. financial institutions. We maintain our sanctions as they relate to the United States financial institutions. Our institutions are not in any way violating those sanctions, and we do not allow our financial institutions to do business with Iran; but we do support non U.S. financial institutions’ ability to do business with Iran. What is this bill all about? We keep hearing about rumors. We keep hearing about suspicions. We keep hearing about what we think they may do. We keep hearing about what someone else said they are going to do. The fact of the matter is this agreement is extremely clear. They—that is the Iranians—have not violated this agreement at all. As a matter of fact, there is something in the agreement called dispute resolution. If you believe that they have violated the agreement in some way, why don’t you insist on a dispute resolution to deal with the issue? But you cannot do that. You cannot point to anything that the Iranians have done that is in disagreement with the agreement that has been made. Why are you coming to the floor of the House of Representatives 1 day before we are to take a break and putting this bill and other bills on the floor? Is this politically motivated? What are you trying to do? Who are you trying to send a message to? Instead of using your power and your ability to deal with this agreement in an honest and credible way, what you should be doing is supporting the President of the United States of America and respecting this country and our commitments. We have five other countries in this deal. What happens if we renege on our agreements? What are they to think of us? What do you think about your country? Why would you have the President of the United States on the international stage looking as if the rug has been pulled out from under him by his own legislators? I don’t get it. I do not understand it. As a matter of fact, one of the things we should all be very clear about is our support for Israel. That side of the aisle does not support our relationship and our friendship any more than we do. If that is the message you are trying to send, it doesn’t work. It doesn’t hold water. As a matter of fact, any Member of Congress who looks at this agreement, who reads the agreement, who understands the agreement knows that you don’t have any issues with what is happening in our financial system. You have not been able, in this debate, to talk about the fact that U.S. financial systems are not involved in any way. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will direct her remarks to the Chair. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I will address these remarks to you so they can hear them, and that is that they have not been able to identify in this debate how the United States financial institutions are involved in any shape, form, or fashion in doing business with Iran. They have not been able, in the debate, to indicate that, somehow, we have not agreed that nonU.S. financial institutions can be involved in financial deals with Iran. I am simply asking that they deal with the facts. I am simply asking them not to undermine the agreement that we have made. I am simply asking them to admit that Iran has in no way violated this agreement. I am asking them to simply support this country and this President and to make sure that we don’t separate ourselves from the other five countries that we have a deal with. I am asking them not to put us in the position in which the other five countries say: ‘‘We cannot trust America. We cannot trust America because they are reneging on the deal.’’ We have done a tremendous service not only to Israel but to the United States in working out this deal to ensure that Iran does not continue to develop its nuclear capability. Why did we do that? It is because we are on the path toward peace and not war. We do not want Iran to attack Israel, and we do not want Israel to attack Iran. We do not want the United States to be thrown into this war—a war that could be created by either of them—because we believe that we can provide credible leadership for peace. That is what this is all about. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would just like to say that we are all in agreement that Iran should not be a nuclear state, which would pose a direct threat to both the United States and international security. The Iran nuclear deal is the best option we have for keeping nuclear weapons out of the Iranian Government’s hands. It would be reckless to abandon our commitments under the deal which deny Iran a credible opportunity to produce weaponsgrade nuclear material for use in a bomb for at least a generation. To date, Iran, again, has upheld its end of the deal, and we have a responsibility to do the same. The President’s Statement of Administration Policy on H.R. 4992 and the other harmful Iranrelated bills on the floor this week state that undermining the JCPOA would ‘‘remove the unprecedented constraints on and monitoring of Iran’s nuclear program, lead to the unraveling of the international sanctions regime against Iran, and deal a devastating blow to the credibility of America’s leadership and our commitments to our closest allies.’’ H.R. 4992 is being framed as protecting the U.S. financial system; yet 
our financial system is already protected by our primary sanctions on Iran. In other words, this bill does nothing to protect the U.S. financial system or to promote our national security. In fact, it does the opposite. We have said all of this, which I have just reiterated, but let me make my final and closing statement. Why are you wasting your time? Even if, by some stroke of magic, you could get this through the Senate and send it to the President of the United States, he is going to veto it. They know it. Everyone knows it. Why are we doing this? I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Part of the problem here is that money laundering in Iran has been proven to be tied to their efforts to support international terrorism. The unfortunate case here is what we are debating. Remember, we were originally assured, yes, we can push back on issues like their ballistic missile program, that we can push back on their support for terrorism or on their abject destruction of the human rights of the people inside Iran. We can put pressure on those fronts. We have somehow reached the point at which, despite the testimony of the administration that we were going to be pushing back, the administration feels that any steps we take to assert a position on these fronts is injurious to the relationship with Iran or, in some way, undermines the JCPOA. In terms of Iran, the entire country is designated by our Treasury Department as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern, and not just by our country and not just by our Treasury, but by the international system that looks at these financial systems. They have determined the same with respect to Iran. Secretary of State Kerry and his colleagues in the administration are in the midst of a campaign to reassure foreign firms that Iran is open for business. All right. We can trade with Iran, but it is an additional step beyond that to say that Iran is going to have the right to access U.S. dollars. Other administration officials, by the way, go so far as to say that Iranian economic growth is in our national security interest. I don’t think it is in our national security interest. Frankly, if people are going to trade with Iran, they can do it without the use of U.S. dollars. It is a tough case to make in terms of this, in some way, being in our national interest when you consider that Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has been labeled—what?—by the U.S. Treasury Department as being the ‘‘most powerful economic actor’’ in the country, the IRGC. That is the same entity that is developing these ballistic missiles and that is supporting terror throughout the region. It is a terrorist IRGC by our own labeling here in the United States. That should be enough to put the brakes on the administration’s plans to get Iran out from under restrictions that prohibit trade with Iran in dollars. You can trade, but you can’t trade in dollars, okay? b1230 The pervasive influence of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps throughout Iran’s economy means that extreme due diligence will be necessary to ensure that foreign companies and foreign banks are not complicit in Iran’s terror finance or the range of other illicit financial activities in which Iranian entities regularly engage. That is why this legislation protects the integrity of the U.S. dollar from Iranian illicit finance by codifying existing restrictions, clarifying restrictions on foreign financial institutions involved in dollarization, and, again, links determination of these measures to the end of Iranian support of terrorists. Easy enough for Iran to solve the problem; just quit supporting terrorism. I urge all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 819, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 466, on agreeing to the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 764, I am not recorded because I was representing constituents on business outside of Washington, D.C. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 466, On Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment with an Amendment to S. 764, GMO Labeling Requirements, I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ f 
IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 246, nays 179, not voting 8, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Crowley Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
b1303 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 820 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5538. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) kindly resume the chair. b1305 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, July 14, 2016, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 122 printed in House Report 114–683, offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) had been postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–683 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 98 by Mr. BEYER of Virginia. Amendment No. 99 by Mrs. CAPPS of California. Amendment No. 100 by Mr. GRIJALVA  of Arizona. Amendment No. 102 by Mr. LOWENTHAL of California. Amendment No. 103 by Mr. POCAN of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 104 by Mr. POLIS of Colorado. Amendment No. 106 by Ms. TSONGAS  of Massachusetts. Amendment No. 114 by Mr. NORCROSS  of New Jersey. Amendment No. 122 by Mr. GALLEGO  of Arizona. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 246, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—9 
Crowley Ellison Hastings Marino Messer Pearce Poe (TX) Price, Tom Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1310 Mr. GIBBS changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 466, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 467, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 468. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 172, noes 254, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—7 
Ellison Frankel (FL) Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1313 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 194, noes 233, not voting 6, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1317 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 192, noes 233, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Bilirakis Brady (TX) Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1320 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 191, noes 236, not voting 6, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—6 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1323 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HANNA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 472, I mistakenly voted against the Pocan of Wisconsin Amendment No. 103 to H.R. 5538, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 188, noes 239, not voting 6, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zinke 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1327 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 106 OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 241, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 474] AYES—184 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
DeFazio Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai Veasey 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining on this vote. b1330 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 195, noes 232, not voting 6, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zinke 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOT VOTING—6 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1335 Messrs. CONNOLLY, POLIQUIN, and ENGEL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 122 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 213, noes 214, not voting 6, as follows: [Roll No. 476] AYES—213 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais 
DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1341 Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California, Messrs. GOSAR, VALADAO, RICE of South Carolina, and ROHRABACHER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RYAN of Ohio changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the last three lines of the bill. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (RODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 820, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on passage of H.R. 5538 will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of H.R. 4992. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 231, noes 196, not voting 6, as follows: [Roll No. 477] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—196 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 477, on passage of H.R. 5538, I am not recorded because I was representing constitutents on business outside of Washington, D.C. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regulations relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 246, nays 181, not voting 6, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3055) a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 3055 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Dental Insurance Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
115TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMERICA’S FIRST COMMUNITY COLLEGE (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Nation’s very first public community college, Joliet Junior College, on its 115th anniversary. Two Illinois community leaders, J. Stanley Brown and William Rainey Harper, founded the college in 1901 to provide high school graduates the fruits of higher education without forcing them to leave their communities. Over the next 20 years, JJC grew from 6 enrolled students to almost 100, and it later evolved its curriculum to include business, technological, and industrial education. With the end of the wars, JJC and other 2year institutions served vital educational roles for veterans who were returning to their communities. Joliet Junior College inspired an entirely new model for higher education, one that suited the needs of both the Nation and its citizens, one that allowed both flexibility and quality, and one that continues to be urgently relevant today. Brown and Harper’s vision of communityorganized, communityfocused education has since become a touchstone for millions of young American students. This year, the 14th District of Illinois honors Joliet Junior College for its pivotal role in the advancement of higher education in America. 
DOING THE WORK OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, normally, I would be having a colloquy with the majority leader about the schedule for the week to come, but there is no schedule for the week to come, and there is no schedule for 6 weeks thereafter. We were scheduled to meet tomorrow to do the business of the American people. We will not meet that schedule, and we will not meet the schedule of doing the business of America for those who are concerned about the epidemic of gun violence in America, not even the small but meaningful and important steps of making sure that, if you can’t fly, you can’t buy a gun, to make sure that the background checks are universal and comprehensive so that dangerous people do not get guns. We will not do the business of those who are confronting being bitten by a mosquito and having the risk of having a child who is deeply disabled, nor will we do the business of those thousands of children in Flint, Michigan, and of the people in Flint, Michigan, who still, 2 years later, do not have clean water to drink. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I sit here, ready to do the business of our country. We sit here, ready to address those critical public health issues that confront our country—of gun violence, of Zika, of Flint, and of water that is not drinkable and that will damage our children. Mr. Speaker, the American people will see that there is a party here that is willing to work and protect them every day; so my colleagues will, one after another, express their own views as to what this House ought to be doing. We ought not to have taken a walk on the American people. We ought to be sitting here, doing the work of the American people. Yes, we will go to a convention, and we will tell them that we are going to protect them, that we are going to make their lives better. We can do so right here, right now. f 
COBRA ZONES (Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, in 2012, constituents of mine, the Welberrys, purchased a home in Cedar Key, Florida. Two years later, their Federal flood insurance was canceled retroactively due to a determination that the property was partially located within a COBRA zone. For over 12 years, this property was zoned outside of the adjacent COBRA zone, and, for 12 years, it was covered by the Federal flood insurance. Yet, as the U.S. Fish and Wildlife updates its maps, the Welberrys’ entire retirement investment is threatened due to the government’s inconsistency. The Welberrys’ home did not move— just the map of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife. Mrs. Welberry pleaded: The government cannot be allowed to erase our life savings like this. If you want to talk about covering preexisting conditions, how many constituents are going through this nightmare? Congress needs to know. Chairman CALVERT and the Appropriations Committee agree; and our amendment, which requires the U.S. Fish and Wildlife to conduct a study on how COBRA zones affect private property, was accepted last night. Congress needs to know. 
A VOTE ON NO FLY, NO BUY (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, Republican leaders are recessing the House for 7 weeks without their taking a single vote on legislation to help stop the mass gun violence that has become far too common in our country. More than 30 people are killed every day by someone who uses a gun. Do the math. That means, by the time the House comes back from the summer recess, in 52 days, over 1,560 Americans may have been killed by someone who was using a gun. We can’t wait for more innocent lives to be cut short by someone using a gun. We need to vote on bipartisan, proSecond Amendment no fly, no buy and comprehensive background check legislation to help keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them—terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill. Mr. Speaker, it is wrong; it is irresponsible; it is dangerous to send us home without giving us a vote on this important bipartisan legislation. Give us a vote. Let us do the work that the American people sent us here to do. f 
HONORING MRS. JACK KOESTER (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge over 40 years of exceptional prolife and profamily efforts by Mrs. Jack Koester of Teutopolis, Illinois. In June of 1973, a group of concerned residents came together to found the Effingham County Right. Mrs. Koester has served as the secretary of that group ever since. As secretary, she has issued a monthly newsletter, has helped the organization grow through its breakfast and rummage sale, has hosted an annual day of prayer, has organized the Life Chain, has manned the prolife booth, and has publicized the monthly prayer vigil. Mrs. Koester also cofounded the Family Life Center in Effingham 20 years ago. After suffering a stroke last fall, she is still recovering and has shifted her focus to encouraging other citizens of the Effingham area to volunteer so as to carry on her prolife efforts. Mrs. Koester is a mother of 3, a grandmother of 10, and a greatgrandmother of 2. One of her granddaughters is currently an intern in my office. I want to personally thank Mrs. Koester for her lasting dedication to the prolife movement, and I wish her the best in her ongoing recovery. 
REPUBLICANS ABANDON AMERICANS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today, the Republicans are leaving Washington for almost 2 months—the longest congressional summer recess in nearly 60 years—and are abandoning Americans, who are counting on us to do what we have to do to protect them. There are serious public health crises in this country, and, right now, the GOPled Congress continues to fail to do anything at all to protect the basic functions of government—to protect human life, to protect Americans. Families in my own hometown of Flint, Michigan, today, can’t drink their water. They don’t have access to 
clean drinking water. Rather than bringing up my bill, the Families of Flint Act, which would provide relief to those folks back home, who should be able to depend on their Federal Government when they are at their moment of greatest need, the Republican led Congress is not only recessing but is recessing a day early—a day in which we could have taken up legislation to help the people of Flint. We could have taken up legislation to deal with the Zika virus. We could have taken up legislation for commonsense gun safety policy. This is what the Congress is charged with doing. This is our job. We should be here on the floor of the House doing it. I am pleased to be here with my colleagues, who are ready to go to work in order to deal with these big problems that our country faces. 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMERICAN FOREST FOUNDATION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, I was proud to join with a bipartisan group of my House colleagues yesterday in introducing H. Con. Res. 144, recognizing the 75th anniversary of the American Tree Farm System. The American Tree Farm System is operated by the American Forest Foundation. It is the largest and oldest sustainable forestry program for forest owners. The program was created in 1941 in order to engage and support landowners to ensure the health and safety of the forests, especially in facing wildfires in the Western States. This resolution commends the work of tree farmers and volunteers across the Nation who have participated in the program over the past 75 years, especially their investments in time, manpower, and personal funds to further sustainable forestry practices. Mr. Speaker, family forest owners own the largest share of forests in the United States. These forests provide for Americans well beyond their properties, as they help to maintain clean water, clean air, wood supply, wildlife habitat, jobs, and recreational opportunities. Programs such as the American Tree Farm System help these forest owners continue to steward our lands and protect those benefits. 
ZIKARELATED MICROCEPHALY CASE IN HARRIS COUNTY (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Zika is here, and Congress is not doing its job. Yesterday, health officials in Houston, Harris County, Texas, diagnosed an infant with microcephaly, which is a birth defect that causes a severe underdevelopment of the brain and a long list of health problems. This is the first documented case of Zikarelated microcephaly in Texas. Unfortunately, it is one of the many tragedies that will continue if we fail to act. Zika poses a grave and unprecedented threat to our public health. It is time Congress fulfills its constitutional and moral duty to protect the health and welfare of our people. It is an appalling disservice to the American people that we are not yet providing resources to combat this virus. Congress’ reluctance to provide funding is attributed to a distorted sense of fiscal responsibility. The fact of the matter is that their reluctance is putting the health and lives of the American people at risk, and inaction now will only be more costly in the long run. We are delaying medical research for a cure for Zika. We are delaying funding for our communities to fight Zika. We need to work with a sense of responsibility for the health and welfare of our Nation and approve the funds that are necessary to prevent Zika from spreading in our country. f 
HONORING UTAH’S OLYMPIANS (Mr. STEWART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor all Olympians but, especially, the Olympians who are heading to Rio from my home State of Utah. My family and I hardly ever watch TV. We have lost the remote control for months at a time and no one has really cared, but, every 4 years, we do look forward to watching the Olympic Games on television. Part of the reason it is fun for us is that we realize the enormous commitment, strength, and courage it takes to become an Olympic athlete, and we realize the endless hours of training and sacrifice that will, hopefully, lead to their success. I am extremely proud of the Utahns who have earned their spot on Team USA: Devery Karz for rowing, Jared Ward for track and field, and Jake Gibb for volleyball. Others will be added to the Olympic team in the next few weeks. We should all look to these Olympians as examples of hard work and dedication. They may not be guaranteed medals in Rio, but to all of us Americans, to Utahns, and others, we view them as champions. I wish them all good luck, and I wish them success and safety. My family and I will find the remote control, and we will be cheering for them this summer. 
b1415 UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it is sad that people are leaving this Chamber with much unfinished business, such as action on Zika, threats to drinking water, and the most important for me is the failure to take any action to stem the epidemic of gun violence that takes three to four Americans’ lives every hour. Whether it is from domestic violence, mass shootings like in Orlando or Dallas, suicide, there are multiple causes, but there are things we can do to make a difference. There ought to be no more anonymous gun purchases. We need universal background checks. People who are too dangerous to buy a plane ticket should not be able to buy an assault weapon. And the outrageous prohibition that Congress has on doing research from the CDC on gun violence ought to be abolished. These provisions are overwhelmingly supported by the American public and, indeed, gun owners themselves. There is no excuse for us leaving early today, for us to be gone tomorrow, for us to be gone for the next 7 weeks. Maybe the people who are getting out of town should just be gone from the next Congress. f 
A BETTER WAY (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend my colleagues in the House for passing the Zika bill and sending it to the Senate, and I hope that the Senate Democrats will at sometime put that bill on the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today as an advocate for ‘‘A Better Way.’’ This blueprint put forth by Speaker RYAN and my colleagues in the House Republican Conference is our vision for a more confident America. We have a framework that is a better way to free millions from poverty, a better way to make America strong and safe, a better way to create an environment for Americans of all walks to experience true economic growth and opportunity, a better way to govern by returning to the rule of law outlined in our Constitution, a better way to lead healthy and productive lives by replacing a failing ObamaCare with a healthcare system that works for the American people, and a better way to pay for essential government services by creating a simpler, fairer Tax Code. As we dream of an America with a future that outshines our blessed past, I urge my colleagues to embrace this vision, work to see its proposals implemented, and leave to our posterity evidence of our good stewardship of this most portentous responsibility. 
INACTION (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission 
to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, 7 weeks—52 days. I rise today to express my disappointment with our Republican colleagues for shutting down the Congress for the summer. After the tragedies in Orlando and Dallas, are you telling me that we can’t get together, that we cannot find a compromise on gun violence and gun control? The American people believe we can. They want it done. Mr. Speaker, is there no action with respect to Flint, Michigan? So much of our infrastructure needs to be redone in so many cities. This is just the beginning of what we will see. We have to address these national crises because working families all over the country will go to work tomorrow, and they will go to work on Saturday, and they will go to work on Sunday, and they will go to work for the next 7 weeks. They expect us to find solutions. Mr. Speaker, let’s get to work. 
CONDOLENCES TO THE TURKISH PEOPLE (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express my condolences to the people of Turkey following the horrific suicide attack at Ataturk International Airport on June 28. At least 44 innocent people were killed and more than 200 were wounded in the attack, including an American citizen. Turkish police and first responders reacted swiftly and heroically and ought to be commended for their actions that prevented further loss of life. Evidence has led officials to believe that the attack was carried out by ISIS militants, and the loss of innocent lives in Istanbul strengthens our shared resolve to defeat this terrorist organization and its affiliates. I extend my sincere condolences to the Turkish people and to the vibrant Turkish American community as well as the families of those killed and those who suffered injury in the attack. 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, Tuesday night, I joined my fellow Rhode Islander, Representative CICILLINE , at a vigil for the Pulse nightclub victims. On that night, we marked the 1month anniversary of that tragic shooting with candles and with speeches. But what we did not do, Mr. Speaker, is mark it with action. For that, I am profoundly sorry. I am sorry that, despite our efforts, fear continues to rule this body. Republican leaders’ fear of the gun lobby is so powerful that they won’t even allow a debate or a vote on proposals supported by over 80 percent of the American people for expanded background checks to keep guns out of the wrong hands or ensure that someone on a terrorist nofly list can’t buy a weapon. Republicans won’t allow a vote because they are afraid our commonsense proposals would pass and that they would be blamed for allowing a majority of the House to work its will, the will of the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is time that we stop legislating from fear. It is time that we stop the silence in response to tragedy and uphold the commitments that we made to represent our constituents and to keep them safe. While the majority may hope that, by retreating to their districts, they will be able to dodge this issue, rest assured, we will not let them do so. We are not going away on this issue, Mr. Speaker. We are going to keep fighting for expanded background checks to keep guns out of the wrong hands, and we are going to keep fighting to ensure that someone on a terrorist nofly list cannot buy a weapon. f 
MICHIGAN INTERNATIONAL SPEEDWAY (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Michigan International Speedway, one of the Nation’s premier racing facilities, located in my district in the heart of the Irish Hills. Over the course of its 48year history, Michigan International Speedway has become a staple of southeastern Michigan and a destination for tourists across the country. Having hosted NASCAR races, music festivals, charity events, and statewide fairs, MIS is a true yearround entertainment venue. Through its charitable contributions and community efforts, MIS Cares has twice been named the NASCAR Foundation’s track of the year. The economic impact of the speedway on the region is strong, producing over 5,000 jobs and generating more than $414 million in annual total economic activity. As an innovative and diverse venue, I commend Michigan International Speedway for its many contributions to the community and for continuing to create lasting memories for every person every time. 
CONGRESS DOES NOTHING (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, we saw children, 6yearolds, murdered in their classroom. We saw young people who were dancing murdered. We saw police officers murdered. What did we do? Nothing. We went home. We saw children who were going to be infected with the Zika virus, and pregnant young women’s babies were going to be born with deformities. What did we do? Nothing. We saw people being poisoned in Michigan. What did we do? Nothing. Don’t tell me to wait for a moment of silence, and don’t tell me to pray. Because, before I pray, I make sure, before I ask God for anything, that I have done everything humanly possible that I can do, and then I ask and I pray to Him for His help. f 
TRIBUTE TO SERGEANT MICHAEL SMITH (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, today we lay to rest a hero of the 24th Congressional District of Texas, Sergeant Michael Smith of the Dallas Police Department. Sergeant Smith, along with four of his police brothers, died in the tragic Dallas ambush last week. When shots rang out in downtown Dallas, Sergeant Smith unfortunately was in harm’s way. A resident of Carrollton, Texas, Sergeant Smith joined the force in 1989. But this was not his first call to service. Michael previously served in the Army, retiring as an Army Ranger. Like so many who serve, Michael Smith’s service was not limited to his uniform. He was an active volunteer in his church, the Watermark Community Church, and the YMCA. His lasting legacy will be found in the hearts of the many people whom he touched. Michael Smith was among the very best of public servants and a credit to the uniform that he wore. In the wake of this unspeakable tragedy, the people of Dallas have come together in a resilient spirit. It is a spirit that I hope, along with the memory of Sergeant Smith, will be enduring. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, after being in session for only 74 days so far this year, the Republican leadership has decided to send us home for 7
1⁄2 weeks. That is thoroughly unacceptable to the American people. They expect us to do our job. 
That is not what we are going to be doing for the next 7
1⁄2weeks. We have a laundry list of things that we have to get done. We need comprehensive gun safety reform. We need comprehensive legislation to deal with Zika and other serious biothreats. We have to deal with the Social Security COLA problem for our seniors, higher education reauthorization, comprehensive mental health reform—we passed some of that in the House, but we have to do more—comprehensive job package, postal reform, campaign finance reform. You name it, we have to do it. We haven’t done it yet. It is time for us to do our job. It is time for the Republicans to bring us back. After those conventions, we could come back in August, folks, and we could get the job done. 
10TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS OLYMPIANS (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize six talented young women from the Illinois 10th Congressional District, who have been selected to represent our country in the rhythmic gymnastics group competition at the upcoming 2016 Summer Olympic Games. Monica Rokhman, Jennifer Rokhman, Natalie McGiffert, Kiana Eide, Alisa Kano, and Kristen Shaldybin will be departing for Rio de Janeiro this August to compete for Team USA. Our community is very proud of their hard work as members of the North Shore Rhythmic Gymnastics Center, and I commend them on all of their recent achievements. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to watch this dedicated group of young women compete and look forward to celebrating all of their success. 
ABANDONED ISSUES (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker and Members, if you take a look at this House, that side of the aisle is empty. They left. They are gone. Take a look on this side, and you see Democrats. Democrats are raising the question: Why did you decide to leave and to take a break without dealing with the serious issues that confront us today? Let me just remind them: Columbine; Newtown; Aurora, Colorado; Fort Hood Army Base, Texas; Tucson, Arizona, Representative Gabby Giffords; Oak Creek, Wisconsin; Washington, D.C., Navy Yard; Reynolds High School; Emanuel AME Church; San Bernardino; Pulse nightclub, Orlando, Florida. In all of these, there were children. What do we say about the children? We have had a moment of silence, and we have forgotten that children are dying. In Flint, Michigan, children still don’t have clean water. The water has lead in it. We have not done anything. Well, whether we are talking about Flint or the Zika virus or the children who have been killed because of gun violence, Republicans, where are you? Shame on you for abandoning the issues that need to be dealt with. f 
b1430 IRAN DEAL IS BAD FOR AMERICA (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, July 14, 2015, the day our President went against Congress and the wishes of the American people and signed a nuclear agreement with Iran. The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, more commonly known as the Iran deal, provided Iran sanctions relief in exchange for Iran to dismantle their nuclear program. One year later, America has upheld its part of the bargain, but Iran continues to violate the terms of the agreement with little to no consequence. That is why today, on the 1 year anniversary of the Iran deal, the House passed legislation to reinstate sanctions on Iran. History has proven Iran cannot be trusted. I thought it was a bad deal for America and Israel from the beginning, and I still do. Mr. Speaker, no one can predict the future, but it is foolish to turn a blind eye to history. I voted to stop the Iran deal because I could not support any agreement that puts the security of Americans and our allies at risk and emboldens the Iran regime. A year later, I feel the same way. 
DON’T TURN OFF THE LIGHTS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow there will be a bright and shiny Sun, but in this Chamber it will be nothing but darkness—nothing but darkness, with no sound, no response from my friends on the other side of the aisle. From 2005 to 2015, 300,000 people have died from senseless gun violence. The people of Flint are crying out for relief from poisoned lead water. And then there is the Zika virus impacting the Gulf region. As of July 6, 1,132 travelassociated cases of the Zika virus; 2,534 cases in U.S. territories; and, of course, the Gulf region is a breeding ground for mosquitoes. Pregnant women with laboratory evidence of Zika, now some 320, including the United States and the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories is 279. And, yes, a baby has now been born with microcephaly in Harris County in Texas. And our Gulf region Zika task force has said thousands more may come. Give us the Senate bill, $1.9 billion. Our people are suffering. Don’t turn off the lights. Let’s work. They are crying out for relief. f 
REMOVAL OF NAMES OF MEMBERS AS COSPONSORS OF H.R. 2446 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) be removed as cosponsors of H.R. 2446. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. 
WE NEED TO GET BACK TO WORK (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, guns, gun safety; Zika; Flint, Michigan—just three of the critical issues House Republicans are leaving town without addressing. Despite overwhelming public support, House Republicans have refused to bring any commonsense gun safety legislation to the floor. As they fail to act, many Americans unnecessarily die every day. On average, 91 Americans die from gun violence every day, and that means that we can expect more than 4,700 Americans to be killed over the 7week recess. Seven babies have now been born in the United States with Zikarelated birth defects, including one yesterday in Texas. Not only is there insufficient funding, but Republicans have used the Zika legislation to continue their attack on women’s access to reproductive health services. Republicans have continued to ignore Flint, Michigan, where the children are still drinking poisoned water and people are fleeing the city. We have too much to do. We need to get back to work. 
EPA OVERREACH IMPACTS AGRICULTURE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the Clean Water Act, as created, was intended to protect our national waterways from industrial pollution. For the past 40 years, the State and Federal partnership under that law has helped improve our lakes and rivers. However, in recent years, under this administration, we have seen the Army Corps of Engineers and EPA continuously overstep their authority to an 
unprecedented degree, despite clear opposition and legal barriers. In fact, in 2012, the Supreme Court condemned EPA’s practice of using the law to persecute farmers and ranchers with absolutely no proof or due process offered to these landowners. Again, early this year, the Supreme Court shut down EPA’s ongoing attempts to exempt their actions limiting property rights from traditional challenges, one of our Nation’s most fundamental rights. This is not a fight over clean water; it is a fight about Federal control. The creators of this law never intended for bureaucrats to have control of nearly every ditch, puddle, or pond they can get their hands on, while trying to regulate everyday activities like plowing, explicitly exempted under the law. Yet we continue to see this administration use their own very imaginative interpretations to harass property owners. It is certainly unfortunate we have to pass additional legislation to require bureaucrats to stay within the law, but that is what we will do. I have an amendment in the appropriation bill just passed that will help do that and rein it in. 
YET CONGRESS HAS DONE NOTHING (Mrs. LOWEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, in the face of extraordinary suffering, we are not asking for extraordinary courage from Members. We are asking for commonsense measures most Americans support. Thousands of children in Flint have been exposed to lead, yet Congress has done nothing. Over 4,000 Americans have been infected with Zika ahead of peak mosquito season, yet Congress has done nothing. Gun violence in America is an epidemic, killing over 30,000 Americans each year, yet Congress has done nothing. It is cowardly to return to our constituents for 7 weeks without action. It is cowardly for this majority to run from our responsibilities because they are scared of the NRA when Americans consistently live in fear of gun violence. This House has done nothing to address these real, widespread concerns. We should not recess without taking action for the American people. 
ST. THOMAS MORE (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, on June 22, it was the feast day of St. Thomas More. I was unable to get to the House floor that day, so I am going to tell you a little bit about him today. Sir Thomas More was known in the early 1500s as a Renaissance man who was an English lawyer, author, social philosopher, and a statesman. More is most notably known for his opposition to King Henry VIII’s separation from the Catholic Church and refusing to acknowledge King Henry as the supreme head of the Church of England. Thomas More was later convicted of treason and lost his own head in 1535. St. Thomas More was canonized in 1935 by Pope Pius XI and was hailed by Pope John Paul II as the ‘‘heavenly patron of statesmen and politicians.’’ At a time when our country faces deep partisan divides, let us look toward St. Thomas More for guidance and strength. In the words of St. More, ‘‘When statesmen forsake their own private consciences for the sake of their public duties, they lead their country by a short route to chaos.’’ f 
LET’S REVIEW THE HOUSE REPUBLICAN RECORD (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, well, as the House Republicans flee town, let’s just take a minute to review their record: no budget; no vote on gun violence measures; no Zika funding; no Flint, Michigan, fix; no VA appeals overhaul; no longterm FAA reauthorization; no Voting Rights Act. But, wait, they did do a few things. They voted to make our air and water dirtier, to degrade our environment, to interfere with a woman’s healthcare choices, to roll back ObamaCare, to reinstitute discrimination in our laws. They even voted to screw elephants and polar bears. They also voted to waste millions of taxpayer dollars on hours of meaningless hearings. So I say, Mr. Speaker, don’t underestimate the American public. You can run, but you cannot hide. 
GIVE THE PEOPLE A VOTE ON THE ISSUES (Mr. LYNCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I have three bills that I am a cosponsor of— reasonable bills. One is to stop suspects on the terrorist watch list from acquiring firearms; one is to require universal background checks so that we are sure that the people who do buy firearms are psychologically capable of doing so; and another bill to study the health impacts of gun violence in America. All across my district, I have received many, many, many, many calls. From the streets of Dorchester and South Boston and the North End in the city of Boston to the historic cities of Quincy and Brockton, the city of champions; from the beautiful towns in the north of my district, like Norwood and Dedham and Walpole and Westwood to the south shore towns of Scituate, Abington, Hingham, Cohasset, and Hull, it is pretty near unanimous in my district. And the people that I represent would like to have a vote on this issue. I think that is our job, that is our duty, and we should get to the business of taking up these bills and giving the people of the United States a vote on these issues. f 
AMERICAN PEOPLE DESERVE ACTION (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, the American people are demanding action to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them. Instead, the people’s House has been adjourned without a single vote on commonsense, lifesaving legislation. We need to be voting on legislation that expands background checks to keep dangerous people from getting these deadly weapons. Mr. Speaker, this commonsense, bipartisan legislation is supported by 80 percent of the American public. Give us a vote. It is past time for House Republicans to stop ignoring their voices. Instead of taking real action, Republicans are playing games with a toothless NRA bill that does nothing to keep our communities safe. Whether it is the Flint water crisis emergency, Zika threats, or gun safety, the American people deserve action, not just thoughts and prayers and moments of silence and 7 weeks out of session. The political gamesmanship won’t stop the bloodshed, won’t bring clean water to Flint, or prevent the Zika virus from spreading. Mr. Speaker, let’s actually do something. Let’s do something to secure our children, our families, our Nation. We should do our job, but, once again, Congress is missing in action. 
CONGRESS ADJOURNS WITHOUT ACTING ON URGENT NEEDS (Ms. MCCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, this donothing Congress is adjourning for 7 weeks without acting on our urgent public health needs: gun violence, Zika, and the Flint water crisis. Republicans have bent to the will of the gun lobby and refused to consider bipartisan legislation to prevent gun violence. Republicans have refused to sufficiently fund our response to the Zika virus and, instead, used this crisis as a way to advance their antichoice agenda. And Republicans have failed to address the longterm damage done to the children of Flint by leadpoisoned water. We should be working to fix our 
water infrastructure in Flint and across America so this tragedy never happens again. And, again this week, Republicans blocked an amendment on the InteriorEnvironment bill to help the families of Flint. Now Republicans are heading to a 7 week recess without doing their jobs, standing up for the health and safety of the American people. 
I AM DEEPLY DISAPPOINTED (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, today, the House of Representatives will recess for a 7week district work period. Of course, I look forward to going home to Oregon to spend time with my family and meet with my constituents, but I am deeply disappointed that the House is going into recess without taking meaningful action to keep our communities safe. It has been 1 month since 49 people were gunned down in Orlando, almost a year since 9 people were killed at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Oregon, and 3
1⁄2years since 20 children and 6 educators were murdered in Newtown. Yet Congress has taken no action to make American communities safer from gun violence. I am disappointed that we are going back home without passing the bipartisan, commonsense, comprehensive backgroundcheck bill that is supported by an overwhelming majority of Americans. We need to fund efforts to combat Zika and help people in Flint, Michigan, and across this country who do not have access to safe drinking water. Our constituents are counting on us to keep them safe, and they deserve so much better than this congressional inaction. 
b1445 GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, every day, 91 Americans lose their lives to gun violence. Americans are fed up with Republicans’ dangerous obstruction of bipartisan, commonsense gun violence legislation. House Republicans won’t even allow a vote. They won’t even allow a vote on the gun violence prevention laws. Instead, we are leaving Washington, led by the empty House that you see on the Republican side, for almost 2 months, for the longest summer congressional recess in 60 years, abandoning the people who put them in office. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work with us to provide some form of balance and relief for all those who have been victims of gun violence across this country. We, my Democratic colleagues, have received overwhelming support across this country not only for gun enforcement from our faith leaders, but the families of those who lost lives to this epidemic of gun violence in this country. Mr. Speaker, it is time for action. And the time for action is now. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. LEWIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise because I cannot believe it. I cannot believe that the Republican Members of Congress would leave Washington, the Nation’s Capital, for 7
1⁄2weeks without taking a single step to respond to the real suffering, the real pain, the real hurt, the real despair of the American people. Mr. Speaker, there is so much hurt, so much hate, so much violence. We have a moral obligation, a mission, and a mandate to do something about gun violence. Too many of our sisters and brothers have suffered. Too many have lost their lives. They have lost too many of our children, too many of our mothers and fathers, too many of our friends and neighbors. Where are the leaders? Do you have any courage, Republican Members of Congress? Where is your leadership? It is a disgrace, it is a shame that you would leave Washington and not do anything about gun violence. 
ZIKA FUNDING (Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, a little over an hour ago, we finished voting. Right now, most of my Republican colleagues are leaving Washington for the longest summer recess in 60 years. Many Americans will be surprised to hear this. There are so many issues we have yet to address. Do my Republican colleagues actually think we have earned this break? We are well into mosquito season and Congress has yet to provide meaningful emergency funding to battle the spread of Zika. In the United States, we already have seen 560 cases of Zika in pregnant women and 7 babies already born with birth defects. My Republican colleagues are leaving Washington without providing any aid to help the thousands of children suffering lead poisoning in Flint, Michigan. My colleagues are taking a 2 month vacation without lifting a finger to act on lifesaving, commonsense legislation to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and criminals. God forbid there will be another mass shooting in the next 2 months. The American people will have a sick feeling knowing that Congress did nothing to try to prevent it. The American people deserve better than that. We did not earn this recess, and I urge my Republican colleagues to cancel their vacations until we tackle these issues. f 
UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Ms. LOFGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, here in the House, the majority decides the schedule. Right now, that is the Republicans. We have met for 74 days, and now we are leaving until after Labor Day. It is unbelievable. What haven’t we done? We have not closed the loophole to prevent gun violence or passed a bill to keep from selling assault weapons to people on the terrorist watch list. That is incredible. Maybe some people aren’t surprised because of our suspicion that the NRA owns the Republican Party. What is even more astounding is the lack of funding for Zika. We passed a measure that was half of what was requested not by the President, but by the Centers for Disease Control, the scientists. We turned our backs on their request and, incredibly, put into the measure a requirement that you can’t provide birth control. Don’t you think that women who are facing the Zika virus and who want to postpone pregnancy because they don’t want to have a child who is disabled should be able to get birth control? 
HONORING RODOLFO PINON (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, it is a shame that the Republican leadership chose to adjourn the House without working to keep Americans safe from gun violence, lead poison in their water, and the Zika virus. However, I rise today to recognize Mr. Rodolfo Pinon of Blythe, California, an outstanding leader, husband, and father in my district. Rodolfo is a humble man with a deep and rich passion to serve others. He gives voice to the voiceless and has improved communities and changed many lives. With Pueblo Unido, he has installed water filters to 25 mobile home parks, where too many communities face the health threat of drinking water contaminated with arsenic. He has paved 38 mobile home parks in the community, improving the quality of life of so many residents. He has helped countless hardworking and poor families find affordable housing. He is loved and is a friend and inspiration to many he has mentored. Unfortunately, Rodolfo was recently diagnosed with advanced liver cancer. His family and loved ones are going through this terrible illness. My message is that we hope Rodolfo and his family find strength and comfort 
knowing that, as a community, we appreciate and thank him. We also appreciate his signature cowboy hat, boots, and big silver belt buckles. The best way to honor Rodolfo is to practice his selfless love for others, justice, and service to the community. 
GUN VIOLENCE EPIDEMIC (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my severe disappointment about congressional inaction on the gun violence epidemic that is plaguing our communities. Once again, we are breaking for recess without a vote on any gun violence prevention measures. This time, we will be leaving for 7 weeks—the longest period of time in recent history. Every moment that we don’t act, we flood even more streets with dangerous weapons, we equip even more criminals with guns, and we risk losing even more lives to senseless gun violence. So for another 7 weeks, the American people have to wait for action. For another 7 weeks, Congress is neglecting its duty to the American people. For another 7 weeks, we are putting our families, friends, and loved ones at risk. Mr. Speaker, I hope that sometime within the next 7 weeks you will find the courage to listen to your constituents in Janesville and call up a commonsense gun violence measure for a vote. 
GIVE US A VOTE (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great concern as the Republic majority has allowed the House to head home for 52 days without addressing the gun violence epidemic, providing resources to respond to Zika, or doing anything about the Flint water crisis. And that is just to name a few issues. Mr. Speaker, our constituents elected us to focus on their needs: growing our economy, creating jobs, improving education for our children, improving and ensuring safety and security in their communities. Now, we are about to leave town without handling at least these three incredibly concerning issues. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to see reason, work with us to find a path to compromise, get back to doing their jobs, and give us a vote. 
SILENCE OF INACTION (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, we Democrats are here to act. The Republicans leave here with stony silence: the silence of inaction on Zika; the silence of inaction on the needs of Flint; the silence of inaction on the no fly, no buy and background checks. Years ago there was reference to an American silent majority. Today it is the Republican congressional majority that is silent. What the vast majority of Americans want is action on Zika, action on Flint, and action on gun violence. f 
UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Ms. CASTOR of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable that Republicans are adjourning the House early rather than staying to work on issues to keep Americans safe, whether that is giving us a vote to prevent dangerous people like terrorists from obtaining a machine gun or keeping toxic water from flowing in Flint, Michigan, or addressing the Zika public health crisis. Zika really hits home for me because I represent the Tampa Bay area in the State of Florida. It was January when we had the first cases of Zika announced in Florida. It was February when public health experts, including the CDC and the President, said we need an emergency bill to develop vaccines to prevent birth defects and diagnose cases. It was March when we had hearings where public health experts expressed a sense of urgency of the Congress to act. But here we are in July, 6 months later, with almost 300 cases in Florida, and 43 are pregnant women. We had the first case in Florida of a baby born with microcephaly. It is very serious. Those babies can’t see, they can’t hear, they can’t walk. I am proud of my Democratic colleagues who have remained in the Capitol to work. I am asking: Where are the Republicans? Why did you adjourn early rather than stay here to work to keep the American people safe? 
NRA: NO REPUBLICAN ACTION (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, once again, here we are. Democrats are here, ready to roll up their sleeves and work to do what we need to do for the American people. I have been to a briefing on Zika. We have seen what the whole issue around gun violence has meant for this country. Why aren’t we here to do the work of the American people? Why aren’t we here to answer their call? We have the issue in Flint. Why would we leave Americans in the lurch without clean water to drink? Why? My colleagues on the other side have good will, but why can we not do the things we need to do for the American people? It is unconscionable that we have adjourned and they have left town. It is irresponsible. The people have sent us here to do the work of the people. These things are critical to moving this Nation forward, and we cannot get anything done because of NRA: No Republican Action. f 
b1500 ZIKA REPRESENTS A SERIOUS THREAT (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, there is no disputing it, Zika represents a serious threat to global health and security. It is irresponsible and dangerous that Republicans plan to leave Washington for a 7week recess without providing the resources to combat this threat. The Zika virus is spreading explosively throughout the Americas, with active local transmission in 31 countries and territories. More than 3,600 Americans, including more than 600 pregnant women in 45 States, D.C., and three U.S. territories, have already been diagnosed with the Zika virus, and more transmission is expected. Mr. Speaker, it is not a matter of if we will have local transmission of the Zika virus in the Continental United States, it is a question of when. Despite that risk, Republicans refuse to provide the resources to address this public health crisis. Instead, they have insisted on saddling potential funding with irrelevant and damaging partisan riders. Make no mistake about it, without swift action, we are gambling with the health of our Nation. The time is now for Congress to work in a bipartisan fashion and provide the necessary funds to protect individuals across this Nation. 
LAMEDUCK CONGRESS (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans shot out of here like mice when you cut the lights on; so busy to get to their convention, their Titanic convention in Cleveland, where they will nominate Donald Trump to be their next President, all the while, leaving the people of Flint, Michigan, up the river without a paddle. Then, on top of that, to take no action on funding Zika and to pass a bill, but no funding, is like sending soldiers into war without a weapon or, worse 
yet, sending them to war with a gun that they didn’t know didn’t have any bullets in it. It is really criminal that my friends from the other side of the aisle would leave America in the lurch, leaving us only 17 legislative days when we return in 7 weeks to do the work of the people, only 17 days left before the lameduck session. And, really, I believe that this Congress has been operating as a lameduck since it began. 
CONGRESS IS SILENT ON GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, this Republican Congress has left this Chamber early without addressing a public health crisis in this country called gun violence. The Republican Congress may find comfort in remaining silent, in doing the bidding of the gun lobby, in turning its back on the American people. But our inaction disservices our constituents and the tens of thousands of families who have lost their loved ones to gun violence. Millions more worry that they and their families are not safe, and if mothers can’t sleep at night knowing their children are safe from harm, neither should this Congress. I challenge my colleagues who have left here early to be silent to engage their communities when they go home. Find the courage to do the right thing and reject the gun lobby’s heavy hand. Let’s bring the will of the American people to this body and pass commonsense legislation. Do not be on the wrong side of history. Do not bet against the American people. Stand with us to end this deadly silence. 
REPUBLICAN INACTION (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today, the House adjourns for a 7week recess, and House Republicans are leaving town for 52 days without any action to address the many issues before our great Nation. Yet, we find ourselves trapped, trapped in congressional inaction, with Speaker RYAN telling the American people: See you in September. Trapped because Republicans have failed to bring legislation to the House floor that would address our Nation’s gun violence epidemic. Trapped in the height of summer because House Republicans have failed to provide critical resources to respond to the Zika health crisis. Trapped, and the residents of Flint are still waiting for Congress to do something to help them. Mr. Speaker, we are trapped with do nothing Republican leadership. We should not be leaving today for 52 days in the face of so many pressing needs. We should stay here. We should work together. We should move legislation that protects the American people. It is what our constituents expect and, most importantly, they deserve that. We should not be trapped. f 
IT IS TIME TO PUT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE FIRST (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my Republican colleagues to do their jobs, pass legislation that moves our country forward. House Democrats have led sitins here on the floor. We have led vigils on the floor, and we have demanded action at press conferences right outside the House floor. But despite it all, no real legislation has been passed on the House floor. Speaker RYANrefuses to do the work that we were all elected to do. Ninety seven percent of Americans have spoken. They want gun reform, not a 6 week vacation for their Representatives. For 52 days, the Republicanled Congress has done nothing. Instead of passing commonsense legislation for gun reform, House Republicans are going on summer vacation. Instead of providing adequate funding for the Zika health crisis, House Republicans are going on summer vacation. Instead of addressing the Flint water crisis, House Republicans are going on summer vacation. It is unacceptable. I am disappointed. It is irresponsible leadership. I call on Speaker RYAN and Congress to come back in session, finally do the work that we were elected to do. It is time, Mr. Speaker, to put the will of the people first. 
CONGRESS HAS UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in this wonderful House with so many of my colleagues to speak forcefully to the issue of unfinished business that is continuing to mount. The silence in the House now will be deafening for 52 days. The paralysis caused in the lives of too many shows a gross sense of insensitivity and disrespect. We are asking for action on several bills. We don’t think that we should leave for these 52 days and, worse yet, close down session days before it was scheduled to close. We have a Zika virus crisis that is gripping the lives of many, and it is starting to have its presence felt in these United States, issues that will cost us tens of millions of dollars per child because of an inaction to address the Zika virus. We have a crisis in Flint that has not been responded to, where we have walked away from families and their needs for the given need of drinking water. I have a bill, the Aqua bill, that we need to address on this House floor. Let’s do our business. Let’s not walk away from our responsibilities. Let’s be sensitive to America. No vacation if we have not done our work. f 
CRITICAL UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Mr. POCAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, Congress has earned its longest summer recess in more than 3 decades. I mean, this session we have done so much. Take, for example, our quick response to the Zika health crisis. Oh, wait, not that one. Well, what about how Congress provided emergency funding to the people of Flint, Michigan? Oh, wait. Scratch that. Republicans blocked that measure as well. But at least we were able to pass commonsense gun violence prevention laws that 9 out of 10 Americans favor. Mr. Speaker, I think I brought the wrong list up here because the GOP majority blocked those bills from coming to the floor as well. The reality is the Republican majority has done little to nothing to deserve this 7week recess. Hardworking Americans elected their Members of Congress to do their job on behalf of the American people. It is shameful and embarrassing to leave town with these critical items unfinished. 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF SETH RICH (Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I stand with my colleagues and lament that we are going home without addressing these very difficult issues. Mr. Speaker, this week the Omaha community lost a treasured son. I stand before you today to honor the memory of 27year old Seth Rich. Seth was returning home early Sunday morning when he was the victim of a tragic and senseless shooting just 1 block from his Washington, D.C., home. Seth had dedicated his alltoobrief career to public service that began in high school and blossomed in college before he set out to change things for the better in our Nation’s Capital. While his life was cut short, his legacy and work to expand access to voting for millions of Americans will not be lost. Seth’s family and friends remember a passionate young man out to do good works from whatever platform he was given. A Nebraskan through and through, although he now called D.C. home, Seth could be found cheering on 
the Husker football team and Creighton basketball team. No one deserves this kind of senseless violence, and the thoughts and prayers of all Nebraskans go out to Seth’s family. 
CONGRESS HAS MORAL RESPONSIBILITY TO ACT (Ms. DELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, when we were elected to serve, we were charged with a responsibility, the responsibility to give our constituents a voice in Washington. They are crying out for action on the public health emergencies that are plaguing our country. And if we do not act, why are we here? We need to vote on legislation that makes an impact on the epidemic of gun violence in our country. The American people are demanding a vote, and we have a moral obligation to take action. For each of us, it is personal. In every community in this country, the effects of gun violence have left scars that will never heal. Congress also needs to act immediately on Zika. We must fund the President’s request that was made 5 months ago. We must not put American women in the predicament of choosing whether or not they should get pregnant or, if they are already pregnant, wondering whether or not their baby is okay. We are also facing a nationwide opioid epidemic that is sounding alarms that we must heed. We are all seeing this in our districts. And the lead poisoning of thousands of children in Flint, Michigan, and across our country has not disappeared. Over 500,000 children every day are affected by lead poisoning. We were elected to vote on issues working families care about. The Republican majority left town, abdicating its responsibility and leaving the American people at risk. 
REPUBLICAN INACTION (Ms. MATSUI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, today, House Republicans are leaving town for 52 days. That is 52 days that we won’t be taking action to address public health crises like Zika and the Flint water crisis. Time and time again, House Republicans have blocked meaningful emergency funding needed to protect the health and safety of American families. And even as Americans continue to lose their lives every day, House Republicans still have not answered our call for a vote on bipartisan gun violence prevention legislation. We have a responsibility to protect the safety of the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is time we answer the call of communities across this country who are demanding action on commonsense solutions like strengthening our background check system and ensuring we keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. Families are counting on us. Let’s do our job. f 
CONGRESS HAS COMPELLING UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, last month I sat with parents who lost children to gun violence. There was such sorrow in the room. ‘‘When I lost my son, I lost myself,’’ one mother said. Another said: ‘‘Until we get these guns off the streets, the cycle is going to continue.’’ As I listened to their stories, I heard again the tragic ways that gun violence so abruptly takes lives and devastates families and communities every single day, and I took to heart their message that too many weapons are too easily available. Preventing weapons from getting into the hands of terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill is common sense and essential to our security, and there are bipartisan bills in Congress right now that would do just that. Mr. Speaker, we should not be leaving town with such compelling unfinished business. We should be voting on commonsense, bipartisan legislation that keeps guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals. 
b1515 ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. HECK of Washington asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, Zika virus—there is no vaccine, and there is no treatment. It kills the weak and the frail. The fancy term is it is also teratogenic. It disrupts regular embryonic development—teratogenic. It has infected 1,000 Americans—200 pregnant women. It is spread by mosquitos that are just emerging from their winter dormancy. What are we doing about it? We are going home for 7 weeks. As this body has descended further and further into dysfunction, I have heard a lot of rationalizations: ‘‘Congress just waits until the last minute’’; ‘‘they have to see real consequences before they take action’’; ‘‘let the body work through regular order.’’ I reject them all. For the second time in 3 years, this body has had and faced a devastating, urgent public health crisis. What has been our response? Missing in action. We acted too late with Ebola, and now, with Zika, we are not acting at all. Democracy can’t work if we don’t work. I don’t yield back, Mr. Speaker. I don’t yield now. I don’t yield in September. I don’t yield in November, and I don’t yield in December until we do our work. Come back. Fight this disease. f 
SALVADOR ESPARZA AND WORK LEFT UNDONE (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, at just 4 years old, Salvador Esparza already had a reputation for lighting up a room whenever he walked in. His aunt called him ‘‘a sweet boy with a passion for soccer and Spiderman.’’ But now pictures and memories are all that remain. Last week, Salvador was shot and killed in a driveby shooting on his own front porch in my California district. Like him, 91 people are killed by guns each day. But people like Salvador deserve to be more than a statistic. That is why I joined 350 people in front of Pasadena City Hall last week at a vigil to call for an end to gun violence. They are hurting. Now is the time for Congress to take action to save lives. But, instead, Republicans decided to end session early and push lifesaving work on guns, Zika, and the Flint water crisis aside. The American people elected us to do our job. They deserve better. 
HOUSE REPUBLICANS HAVE CUT AND RUN ON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Ms. EDWARDS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, here we are, House Democrats, right here in the House, ready to work. Where are House Republicans? Well, they have escaped for 52 days without taking care of the Nation’s business. That’s right, escaped—you know, left, fled, absconded, disappeared, departed, dodged, bolted, bailed, ducked out, burst out, shipped out, made off, cut and run. That is what House Republicans have done. But here is what is left undone: the opportunity to protect our children and families from the spread of the Zika virus, from a concern to a public health crisis; the opportunity to provide clean drinking water for over 9,000 children in Flint, Michigan, poisoned with lead. This is serious. In fact, it is sobering. In the next 52 days that the House Republicans have escaped, 4,732 American men, women, and children will lose their lives to gun violence, including 67 who will be killed with a gun as a result of domestic violence. Mr. Speaker, 
6,780 perpetrators have already gotten their hands on guns through the loophole. Where are House Republicans? You got it. They are on vacation. So shame on House Republicans for not acting to protect our communities from the epidemic of gun violence by passing 100 percent background checks no matter where a gun is purchased and preventing terrorists from buying a gun when they can’t even get on a plane. Shame on House Republicans for cutting and running on the American people. 
CONGRESS’ APPROVAL RATING (Ms. DEGETTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, a recent poll showed that Congress has an approval rating of 12 percent. Nobody in their right mind would ever think that is a good rating. It is no wonder that our poll ratings are so low. We have left now for 7 weeks—52 days, as you have heard— without funding Zika, despite the fact that it is spreading throughout the Southwest United States and the territories. We have left now for 52 days—7 weeks—without passing commonsense gun safety legislation, despite the terrible tragedies we are seeing in all of our communities every day. We have left town without addressing the opioid epidemic in any meaningful way through funding. Now, listen. Our constituents didn’t send us here to go on vacation. They have sent us here to do the work of the people. And anybody who thinks that the people—our constituents—are not going to notice that we are not here doing this work for 7 weeks doesn’t understand what the House Democratic Caucus intends to do for the next 2 months, because we intend to remind our constituents every single day of the job that we were elected to do. 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to the following resolution: 
The message also announced that the Senate disagrees to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 2943) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’, and agrees to the request from the House for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon with instructions, and appoints Mr. MCCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. WICKER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. F ISHER , Mr. COTTON , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. TILLIS , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. L EE, Mr. GRAHAM , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. R EED, Mr. N ELSON, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. SHAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. HIRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, and Mr. HEINRICH to be the conferees on the part of the Senate. 
LEAVING FOR AUGUST RECESS (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, when we Democrats held our sitin on the floor of the House, I proudly stood up and said that call to action was, in fact, the reason I came to Congress—not so much the act itself, but the rationale behind it. I came to Congress to get things done on behalf of my constituents. In fact, it baffles me, along with my constituents, that we aren’t even allowed to debate, much less vote, on an issue as dire and as important as gun violence. Now House Republicans have left town for 7 weeks without addressing this very issue, and this part of the debate is in every community in America. It is not just gun violence. We have not adequately dealt with the Zika health crisis, and we have not dealt with the Flint water crisis. I am going to go home to New Mexico soon, where forest fires are raging across the West. But we did nothing to support those States and the Forest Service that battles those fires at home. I wasn’t elected to apologize to my constituents every time I see them for the inaction of the Republican leadership. We should stay in this Chamber, and we should do the work that our constituents expect and demand of us. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the Nation’s Capital has the strongest gun safety laws in the country. Yet the Capitol complex was on lockdown Tuesday as D.C. Police chased suspects armed with a machine gun and shooting at police near the Capitol. People and their guns travel in interstate commerce instantly making our country’s gun problem national, not local. D.C.’s strong gun safety laws are still on the books, despite progun lawsuits and incessantly proposed Republican riders. But local and State laws 
to protect our people are undermined by inaction by this Congress. The Charleston loophole is the decent place to begin. We sat in on the House floor because we could not go home in silence for July Fourth. Today, we declare no recess from the gun show loophole until universal background checks become the law of the land. 
GUN SAFETY (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, we ought to be able to go to the store, walk down our sidewalks, and go dancing without the fear of being shot. Democrats and Republicans in the United States House of Representatives need to come together to pass commonsense gun safety legislation. What is wrong with a no fly, no buy bill? If you can’t get on a plane, if you cannot board one of our commercial aircraft carriers in this country, why in the world can you go into a sporting goods store and buy a TEC–9—or any kind of gun for that matter? We need to do something. Let me tell you, as a native Texan, responsible gun owners aren’t the problem. I own a gun. A lot of Democrats that I know own guns. But I don’t want al Qaeda and I don’t want ISIS owning guns. But under the current laws in the U.S., if they are on a nofly list, they can go into a sporting goods store and buy a gun. It is just not right. Let’s take some action now, Mr. Speaker. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, if you go to a federally licensed gun dealer to buy a firearm, you must pass a background check. But if you go to a private seller at a gun show or over the Internet, it is completely legal to buy a firearm with no background check to determine if you are fit to own a deadly weapon. In all the discussion we have had on gun violence, I have yet to hear one good reason why this loophole should continue to exist. Mr. Speaker, 92 percent of gun owners and 86 percent of Republican voters support universal background checks. But instead of listening to the American people, my Republican colleagues have left town. They have rushed out of town. They have scrambled out of town. I will say the same thing I told my students when I was a high school teacher: There can be no recess until our work is done. Come back to Washington, and let’s pass a universal background check bill. CONGRESS MUST DO ITS JOB (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the House of Representatives prepares to leave Washington for 7 weeks—52 days—without addressing some of the most critical issues we face in this country. Instead of working together, Democrats and Republicans, towards meaningful solutions to protect the American people, we spent the week debating bills that are going to go absolutely nowhere. Our constituents are tired of our not getting things done. We have failed to meaningfully respond to the Flint water crisis, which has left families in my home State of Michigan reeling for too long. My women friends are afraid to go outside because they are afraid they are going to be bitten by a mosquito, and we failed to provide critical resources to respond to the Zika health crisis. When I meet with victims of domestic violence, which I do quietly every week, they want to know why can’t we just talk about it. People want to know why I am coming home for so long. They want action in this Chamber. We need to do the job the American people elected us to do. We need to come together to find solutions to the bigger problems we face. Let’s do our job. f 
ISSUES LEFT UNADDRESSED (Mr. SERRANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, when you think about it, it is a very simple solution to think about: If you can’t fly because you are too dangerous to be on a plane and you are a threat to the country, why would you be allowed to buy a gun? Yet the gun lobby is so strong that our colleagues in the Republican Party could not see fit to change that. Secondly, we have another threat in this country and that we are not paying attention to. We have a Zika epidemic that is brewing. It started already. It is hurting the territories. It is going to hurt Florida in a strong way, and it will move north. Then it might be too late, when we have so many people sick. Why would they leave town and run away from real issues when they could have stayed here and faced the American people by doing the right thing? What are they going to say now to the American people when they ask: Why didn’t you protect the children? Why didn’t you protect the pregnant women? Why didn’t you stop crazy people or people who need help from getting on an airplane with a gun? That is the big issue that we have to deal with. b1530 CONGRESS HAS BEEN GROSSLY IRRESPONSIBLE (Mr. PRICE of North Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Congress is set to take the longest recess in memory with critical national priorities, even emergencies, unaddressed. Three weeks ago on the floor of this House, we engaged in civil disobedience to protest the carnage of gun violence in our country and the disgrace of congressional inaction in the face of that. Republican leadership was prevented by their Freedom Caucus from putting even a token measure on the floor. But we will not rest until we are able to keep guns out of the hands of prospective terrorists and are able to have effective background checks. And now, incredibly, the Zika crisis is upon us. Months ago this should have been addressed. I convened researchers and government officials from my area, which is a research hub, to talk about the heroic efforts underway to find out how to prevent the spread of this virus, to understand how to develop a vaccine. Heroic work is going on. People are moving money around, dealing with the absence of a steady funding stream. We have let our people down. A public health crisis is coming. Congress has been grossly irresponsible in failing to provide steady and sure emergency funding for what is surely going to be a desperate public health emergency. 
ANNIVERSARY OF SANDRA BLAND’S DEATH (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on Congress to stay in session to take action against public health crises that are plaguing our country. As the only Ph.D. scientist in Congress, I find it deeply disturbing that Congress has failed to act in the face of clear evidence: 91 Americans die from gunshot wounds every day; since 2014, more than 28,000 Americans have died from opioid overdoses; dangerous levels of lead are present in the drinking water of thousands of American families; and the Zika virus is a global health crisis that is now reaching our shores. Too many Americans are dying from senseless, but preventable, causes. I represent the 11th District of Illinois, and this week marked the 1year anniversary of another senseless death. Sandra Bland was a beloved member of our community. She died 1 year ago yesterday, alone in a Texas jail, after she was arrested for a minor traffic violation. After 3 days in jail, Ms. Bland was found dead in her cell. The coroner ruled it a suicide, but we still don’t 
have the answers we need and that Sandra Bland’s family deserves. 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO CHANGE THE GUN LAW (Mr. VARGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, we find some people so dangerous that we won’t let them on a plane, but currently they can buy a gun. That makes no sense. How can you tell a person: No, you can’t have that ticket, but would you like an automatic weapon? Would you like a machine gun? That makes no sense. If our law enforcement specialists, those that deal with this day in and day out, say to us this person should not get on a plane, how can we have laws right now that allow that person, then, to go right down to the store and get an automatic weapon and all the ammunition that he wants? That makes no sense. In fact, the American people know that that makes no sense. We need to change the law. We don’t need a vacation. That is why we should be here right now debating these bills and doing something for the safety of our people. 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO ADDRESS THREE CRISES (Mr. NADLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, the Republican majority has decided to adjourn the House and take a 7week vacation without dealing with the three crises that are pressing upon us now: The epidemic of gun violence, a uniquely American crisis: every year, about 146 people die of gun violence in the United Kingdom, 71 in Denmark, 140 in Portugal, 30 in Japan—and 33,000 in the United States; The Zika health crisis, which is about to give us thousands of terribly disabled babies; and The Flint, Michigan, crisis, whose water was poisoned by the decision of the Governor’s appointee. We should not leave here without providing funds for Zika, funds without offsets and without irrelevant poison pills; we should at least enact a no fly, no buy bill and universal background checks to start dealing with the gun violence epidemic; and we should get Flint, Michigan, some drinkable water. Let the majority deal with these three crises, then take a 6week vacation if they want. But don’t sentence thousands of Americans to die while you go off on vacation. 
LEGISLATURE NEEDS TO GET ITS WORK DONE (Mr. LARSON of Connecticut asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, in Dallas, Texas, we saw a champion. We saw a champion in Police Chief David Brown and how he conducted himself. When asked about his responsibility, he said: We will continue to do our responsibility as police officers, as we do every day out in the field. But the legislature needs to do its responsibility. The legislature needs to get its work done. Those brave police officers do their work every day, and yet this Congress has not. Roosevelt said it best about our colleagues on the other side of the aisle: They are frozen in the ice of their own indifference—indifference to the slaughter that takes place in our streets, indifference to the more than 1,000 mass murders that have taken place, indifference to the threat of Zika and the spread of disease, and indifference to children in Flint, Michigan. It is time for us to do as David Brown said, ‘‘Do your job.’’ f 
WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, AND WHY (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, in the course of these 1minutes, of which there have been over 50, thank you, Mr. CICILLINE , for bringing us together once again on the steps of the Capitol a couple of nights ago and now here in the Chamber. When we are in school and they ask us to write about something, they say: Answer these questions: Who? What? When? Where? Why? Who? Little children in Newtown, young people in Orlando, churchgoers in South Carolina, moviegoers in Colorado, again and again. The list goes on and on as to the vulnerability. What? What? What? Slaughter of people. Mr. THOMPSON has repeated the numbers over and over again. But 91 people killed every night on the streets of our country, and we had 91 people in orange shirts on the steps of the Capitol last week to mention that. Over 1,000 mass murders since Newtown, mass murders being described as over four people being killed in any one instance. What? What? What? Violence on the streets of our city, and even in our churches and other. Who? What? When? Every day. Every single day with greater frequency and intensity. Most recently, in Dallas. So sad. An assassination of five police officers. Many of us spoke to that in the course of the last few days. Where? All over the country. I just mentioned Dallas, and I mentioned some other venues earlier. All over the country, every single day. But the main question is, Why? Why is this happening? Mayor Rawlings of Dallas was very eloquent in his comments when he said: We must address the root causes of this. Yes. But why are these guns so readily available? Because Congress will not act—refuses to act—on passing commonsense gun violence prevention legislation. No fly, no buy. Almost everyone in our country supports that—Republicans, Democrats, Independents, gun owners, NRA members. Not the NRA. The NRA stands between any commonsense solutions and this Congress, which I think they own. Why? Because some people think their political survival is more important than survival of little kids in kindergarten in Newtown. Why is it happening in kindergarten classes? in churches? in places of recreation for young people? in theaters? in bowling alleys? You name it, it has happened there. Why? Because we have not fully impressed upon the American people their role in lobbying Congress to make a difference. We are limited in what we can ask people to do visavis Congress, but they are unlimited in their advocacy and in their capacity. Nothing is more eloquent to a Member of Congress than the voice of his or her own constituents. As JOHN LEWIS, our beautiful icon who has led us in all of this, has said: What we have to do is convince the average Joe—that would be JO or JO E—of their power to make the difference in our country by making their voices heard to Members of Congress who have the power to vote for legislation. We ask over and over again for the Speaker to give us a vote because we believe and have confidence in the American people that their voices will be heard and not ignored again and again and again and again by the Republicans in Congress, but will give us a vote that will make America safer and help us to honor—to honor—our oath of office to protect and defend the American people. This has gone into the realm of hate crimes. The same thing in South Carolina. The same thing in Orlando. It must end. But our message is clear: we will not end until this is over, until we get commonsense gun violence prevention legislation passed by the Congress of the United States. I thank all of my colleagues for what they are doing. Our whip, Mr. HOYER , is leader on the floor for us. Thank you for orchestrating this with Mr. CICILLINE and so many others. I thank my colleagues for making the voices of their constituents heard here. 
GUN LOBBY HAS BLOCKED EFFORTS TO PASS SENSIBLE GUN LAWS (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, Maria and Fred Wright traveled to Washington to mark the 1month anniversary of the murder of their son in Orlando. They wrote a beautiful oped: 
While in D.C., we don’t want just thoughts or prayers from Members of Congress. We want them to look us in the eyes and tell us: How will they work to make our Nation safer against gun violence? How will they perform their constitutional duty to ‘‘insure domestic tranquility’’ and ‘‘promote the general welfare’’—some of the main roles of government according to our Constitution? How will they work to stand up to the extremist gun lobby and urge their fellow Members to do the same? 
Unfortunately, for Maria and Fred Wright, and for all of us, they would have to run really fast to look into the eyes of Congress as our colleagues fled down the stairs to run out for a 7week vacation and to do nothing. Their son, Jerry, is one of 33,000 Americans who will lose their life to gun violence every year in this country. We urged our colleagues to bring to the floor something, do something in the face of this carnage. And we stay here as Democrats. The cameras can’t stay in the room. The Republican side of the room is empty. They are gone. They are home with their family and friends. Maria and Fred will never get to be with their son Jerry. They didn’t do anything to protect us from gun violence, to protect us from the dangers of Zika, to protect us from lead poisoning. Our most sacred responsibility is the health and well being of those we serve. Shame on our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Have they no decency to bring these bills to the floor and do their job? 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. WELCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, we have common ground on the Republican and Democratic side of the aisle. There is a problem of gun violence. Innocent people—children in Newtown, workers in San Bernardino, worshippers in Charleston, and five very brave police officers in Dallas protecting the right of citizens to protest—all have been killed. We have got to do something. We know that. We have a disagreement about what. But should we have a disagreement that we not even debate what is the right response as a policy to protect innocent lives from future gun violence? That is the question. We can debate the Second Amendment. We can protect gun owner rights. But we can’t hide from the responsibility that we chose to accept when we ran for office and asked people to entrust us with their vote in this Congress, that we won’t even discuss, we won’t debate, we won’t have a committee hearing, we won’t have a bill on the floor. That is what is really unacceptable. Do you know what? We have a disagreement. Put some bills on the floor. We vote. Our voters then get to hold us accountable one way or the other. f 
b1545 JUST AN ORDINARY SUNDAY (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it was just another Sunday in December 2006 in West Palm Beach, Florida. Greg Key was in church, with the pastor delivering a sermon—a little sweat on his brow. It was just another Sunday when Greg’s cell phone buzzed. He stepped out for a call that changed his life. The voice on the other end told him that his 19yearold daughter—the shining light of his life—had been gunned down as the innocent victim of a driveby shooting. On this ordinary Sunday, like on every other day of the year, 91 families got devastating news that a loved one had been killed by a firearm. Like I said, Mr. Speaker, it was just an ordinary Sunday. 
TAKING ACTION ON GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my extreme concern that you have dismissed this House without taking action on the critical issues that face our Nation, especially gun violence. I rise on their behalf—for the families who have lost loved ones to gun violence all over the country and in my own community. I rise for these mothers and fathers who wake up every morning, worried about the safety of their children and communities, who will continue to wait with no action due to your decision. On an average day, as has been stated eloquently, more than 90 Americans are killed by guns. How many more lives will it take until we come to terms with this reality? How many more days must go by until this House takes even one small step in the right direction? Every day counts. Every life counts. The American people deserve better. The decision to adjourn is shameful. I urge you to get this House back to work to address the gun violence epidemic so we can finally act on the call of ‘‘not one more.’’ 
CRISES DEMAND ACTION (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans in this House work awfully hard at doing nothing. We face many crises—crises that demand action. We have a crisis with regard to the Zika virus. We have a crisis in Flint, Michigan, where people have been poisoned by leadcontaminated water. We have a gun violence crisis in this country where massacres have become the new norm. What is the Republicans’ response? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. The only concrete action they have taken is to adjourn the House so they can go on vacation. We shouldn’t be going on vacation until we do the people’s business. Shame on the Republican leadership for adjourning this House and not taking up gun safety legislation, not addressing the crisis in Flint, Michigan, and not funding the crisis regarding the Zika virus. The people of this country deserve better. Mr. Speaker, I call on you to bring the House back, and let’s do our work. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, countless families and loved ones in my district are suffering as a result of the recent gun violence that claimed the lives of 5 police officers and injured 11 more officers and civilians in Dallas. The ambush on the Dallas police was the deadliest incident for U.S. law enforcement since the September 11 attacks in our country. Yet House Republicans are leaving Washington today, for a 52day recess, without taking any action to address the gun violence epidemic that is happening all across the Nation. The tragedy that occurred in my district, as well as the countless other shootings that we seldom hear about, begs the question: How many more innocent Americans will have to lose their lives before we act to put an end to gun violence? The answer, in my opinion, should be ‘‘none.’’ No more Americans should have to lose their lives. There are a number of proposals in Congress that are available today for the House Republicans to bring to the floor for a vote. This legislation is available now. Mr. Speaker, countless families and loved ones in my district are suffering as a result of the recent gun violence that claimed the lives of five police officers and injured eleven more officers and civilians in Dallas last week. This ambush on Dallas police was the deadliest incident for U.S. law enforcement since the September 11th attacks. Yet, House Republicans are leaving Washington today for a fiftytwo day recess without taking any action to address the gun violence epidemic happening across our nation. The tragedy that occurred in my district, as well as the countless other shootings that we seldom hear about, begs the question of how many more innocent Americans will have to lose 
their lives before we act to put an end to gun violence. The answer, in my opinion, should be none. No more Americans should have to lose their lives. There are a number of proposals in Congress available today that House Republicans could bring to the floor for a vote. There is legislation available now to bolster the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. There is legislation available now to reinstate a federal ban on assault weapons. There is legislation available now to study the costs of gun violence. Yet, none of these bills have seen the light of day on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to do the people’s bidding and work cooperatively with Democrats to pass meaningful and comprehensive gun reforms so that we can finally put an end to this senseless violence. 
POLITICS RATHER THAN POLICY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, late Governor of Tennessee Ned McWherter used to say: If you don’t want to work, you shouldn’t hire out. Speaker RYAN, if you don’t want to work, if your team doesn’t want to work, you shouldn’t have run for office and hired out. We are taking off for nearly 8 weeks of vacation when we should be here dealing with gun violence; when we should be dealing with the voting rights extension, which we have not done with elections coming up; when we should be dealing with the Zika virus, which threatens the health of our people; when we should be dealing with the Flint water crisis. We are leaving for 8 weeks of vacation. This Congress started 8 years ago with terrible political priorities. Rather than policy, it was politics. MITCH MCCONNELL said their job was to see to it that Barack Obama didn’t get reelected. What did we do this week? We had hearings about Hillary Clinton and emails. That is politics. We didn’t have questions of the U.S. Attorney General about voting rights or gun violence. If you don’t want to work, don’t hire out. Ned McWherter was right, Speaker RYAN. You shouldn’t have come here without being willing to work. 
GIVE US A VOTE (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, do you remember when you were kids in school, and there was this big chart, and you learned how a bill becomes a law? It told you that somebody proposes an idea, and if it gets a majority in committee, it moves on. Then it gets to the floor of the House, and if it gets a majority, it moves on to the other body. Then, if it gets a majority, it goes to the President’s desk, and the President signs it. Take that chart and throw it away because that is not what happens here. We can’t get a vote on the floor on gun control. We can’t get the people’s will listened to. Whether it is gun control or Flint, Michigan, or the Zika virus or anything, we can’t get a vote. All we are saying to the Republican leadership is to give us a vote—up or down, win or lose. The American people want to know where their legislators stand. This is a pressing issue. For us to ignore it is shameful and disgraceful. This young man, Seth Rich, was just murdered—a young man here who worked in politics. We owe it to his life, to his remembrance, and to all of the other victims of gun violence. We need an upordown vote on the floor of the House. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PERLMUTTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, 4 years ago next week, a guy dressed up as the Joker barged into a theater in Aurora, Colorado, and killed 12 and wounded about 58 others. One of those killed was a young sports reporter named Jessica Ghawi—4 years ago. Have we had one hearing on gun violence? Have we had one vote on gun violence in 4 years? No. The Republican majority has blocked every effort at just reasonable, sensible things like background checks, or, if you are a terrorist, you don’t get a gun. Have we had one vote? Have we had one hearing? No, but people are dying—5 officers last week and 49 people in Orlando the month before that. We need a hearing. The Republican majority has taken off for 7 weeks. These things have to be addressed. We are not going away. The subject is not going away. It is time for a vote. It is time for a hearing. It is not time for a 7week recess. Jessica Ghawi deserves more than that. 
THE POWER IS IN THE PEOPLE (Mr. FARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I am embarrassed that Congress is going home today for 2 months after having done nothing about this outrageous use of guns in America. We are going home because it is an election year. We have 2 months to be with our constituents. I hope that all constituents will approach their elected officials and ask them, their Members of Congress, and particularly the Republicans who are holding up this vote: Are you going to vote on this in September when you come back? Are we going to enact these laws? Because, if they are not, you can withhold their vote. You have the power. The power is in the people. Let’s take back our country. Let’s ask every elected official, school board member, city council, and water board, which have jurisdiction over real estate: What have they done to enact gun legislation? California, which is the State I am from, has taken those actions: we have banned assault weapons; we require background checks; we have waiting periods before you can buy ammunition. We have done more than any other State. Guess what? The courts have upheld this. We can do this. This is what elected officials are asked to do—to fix things that are broken and, particularly, in a crisis. You, the voter, take back this country. Make your elected officials respond. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to the viewing audience. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 686 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 686. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. 
CONGRESS SOLVES PROBLEMS THAT LOCAL GOVERNMENT CANNOT (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, Members have been coming forth all afternoon, talking about the fact that our constituents are feeling great anxiety. They feel and they look to Congress, and they think there are some issues here that we can deal with in our communities. We are going to be having some very serious and deep conversations about some of the concerns that we have, but there are a few issues that this House— the people’s House—needs to deal with while our constituents are dealing in their own houses with some of the concerns that are addressed by education, by poverty, by guns. There are too many guns in their communities. We have been hearing repeatedly that we can close the gun show loophole here in Congress, in the people’s House, and we should. We can close the fact that there are people who can fly today who are on nofly lists. We can change that in the people’s House. We have to get on this, and that is why it is discouraging when there is time—when there are hours and minutes and days—that we are not working on these issues. People look to us. They want us to solve those problems that local government cannot solve alone. 
DEMOCRATS WILL NOT BE SILENCED (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, we have a long todo list before you can leave for the summer recess: we have got to pass legislation to prevent gun violence; we have got to pass legislation to fight the spread of Zika; we have got to pass legislation to address the Flint water crisis and to fund the opioid treatment plans. The clock is ticking—tick, tick, tick—and none of these will get done because you are getting ready for the longest summer recess in at least 60 years without addressing the very pressing issues that Americans really care about. Republicans’ inaction will not prevent Democrats from reminding the entire American Republic that we have got to do the right thing. During the next 7 weeks, we will continue to demand a vote on commonsense measures to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and terrorists. Hashtag, there are too many damned guns in America today. 
ISSUES OF THE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my dear friend from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for so graciously allowing me the time here today. Indeed, it is a timely moment, and I want to share it with the American people. Indeed, it has been a difficult week for California and for the leadership of women who we have seen come forward in our State over recent years, especially in the political arena. My colleague Representative MIMI WALTERS from southern California earlier this week paid tribute to Marian Bergeson, a great political leader in our State in her time who we lost several days ago. Well, now we have lost another gem, and that is Sharon Oden Runner. I learned of her passing this morning. She underwent, some years ago, a very, very daring and amazing lung transplant to overcome the condition she had. She fought hard all these years and did quite well with that until recent times. So this tribute today to her is for her, her family, and that memory. Sharon and I came up together in the California State Legislature. Back in 2002, we both won terms in the State Assembly. She was just a good pal right out of the chute there. As new freshman members, we were getting to know our way around Sacramento and the State legislative process. Several of the freshman bonded. There was a pack of us guys and Sharon, you know, because there are a lot more guys in politics, it seems. So Sharon, being just a few years older than the rest of us guys, she kind of seemed like the one that was keeping us a little more in line as we would go about doing our business in the State legislature, cutting up a little bit here and there once in a while amidst the seriousness or at the events you do around town at night meeting other people and such. So I soon dubbed her ‘‘Ma Runner,’’ lovingly and affectionately, and she took that okay. And she was the one who would say, You boys, now, you stay in line here, okay? But we all had a lot of fun together and worked hard together and fought the battles together in the California legislative process. It was really fun to see her ascend. When our current majority leader here, KEVIN MCCARTHY , became our assembly leader there, Sharon ascended right there beside him as the assistant leader for the Republicans as well. And she really did well in that role and was effective and just really good to get along with and made sure that all the members had what they needed in order to do well. Sharon’s spirit was one of always being so positive, reaching out to everybody. She worked to get more women elected to the legislature as well. And she was one with very strong moral convictions as well, to make sure that her faith in God was something that she brought forward with her policy and was something that wasn’t very far away in how she conducted herself and for her family and for those that she came into contact with. So we had that opportunity to serve 6 years together in the State Assembly. And then, with term limits being what they are, we soon met up again in that legislative role over on the California State Senate side. Now, at that point, Sharon was again struggling with her lung battles there and got that amazing lung transplant, that life that was given to her by a donor that she carried forward for these years until finally the issues became too complex. And, again, we lost her this morning. So our hearts do go out to George, Micah, Bekah, all of her friends, all of her extended family. Those who had a chance to know her and were touched and graced by her, we are better for it. We know that we will always cherish the memories. George and Sharon had a unique time together as the first husbandwife team in the California State Legislature. He was in the Senate for a while, and she was in the Assembly. A lot of history was made by them through measures they were able to put on the ballot, the things they always fought for morally and policywise. They will always be remembered as working together. Now, as George soldiers on, our hearts are with you. We wish you God’s strength and peace and only the sweetest memories to your whole family. We remember Sharon today. God bless her, and God bless her memory. b1615 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I do so much appreciate my friend, DOUG LAMALFA , a very touching tribute to what is obviously just a wonderful individual that we will be missing. For some time now the Democrats have been doing 1minute speeches. On the last day we vote during the week, we are allowed to have unlimited 1 minute speeches, and for—I don’t know—2 or 3 hours, my friends across the aisle have been doing 1minute speeches, and I am so pleased that they are doing that. I think that is terrific. That is so much better than taking away the civil rights of people who have the right to assemble on the floor, to have sessions, to vote on bills, to debate bills because the previous violations of the rules by my friends across the aisle were just unprecedented. I would like to commend our Speaker for this aspect, comparing what he did and did not do today compared to what Speaker PELOSI did the last day of our session in July of 2008 because today I know leadership and staff saw the massive number of Democrats assembled to give speeches here, and the rule allows for that. There was no effort to shut down debate, gavel us out early, but that is exactly what Speaker NANCY  PELOSI did in July of 2008. We had assembled a group. It may not have been quite as big as the Democrats had today, but we had a group over here, and under the rules at that time, they were 5minute speeches, which could still be done, but they chose 1minutes. We signed up for 5 minute speeches. When the Speaker NANCY PELOSI saw a number of Republicans, appropriately under the rule, here in order, signed up. We weren’t just sitting there. We had signed up and were sitting in order as we are supposed to. She immediately gaveled down the proceeding early, violated the rule that allowed us to speak in the order, just as the Democrats did today, and this is the way it is supposed to be. Yet, earlier this month we had our friends across the aisle—and I haven’t seen this written up much, but they took positions at their microphones and at the Republican microphones. We tried to go into session, and we even had Democrats not only sitting where Republicans were supposed to be seated on the Republican side, we had them grasp microphones to prevent Republicans from being able to be recognized. Finally, in the wee hours, we had the Speaker recognize a Republican chairman. He couldn’t get a microphone. He is standing over here. Why? Because of the violation of the rules as the Democrats tried—not just tried. They were preventing Republicans from exercising their civil rights under Jefferson’s rules of the House, under congressional rules, and our constituents had a right to be heard, just as our friends across the aisle had a right to be heard today. Now, in those 1minute speeches, the massive array we heard this afternoon, there were a few common themes, and I think that is wonderful. Football is my favorite sport. I enjoyed it in junior high, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12th grade, enjoyed every year of it. It is such a team sport. We saw a team acting in concert, working together. They all had their talking points. They all hit them and hit them hard. Some were very unfair, but they, from their standpoint, were acting as a team. But for one thing, they kept using the term ‘‘vacation,’’ that the House is going on vacation. One said a month vacation, I think, but I know I heard one say 7week vacation, another one said 8week vacation. They weren’t all together on how long they were attributing to be vacation. I have told some of my friends at FOX News and different news commentators that when you criticize the month of August, that is traditionally, as I understand it—going back to the 
early days of Congress, that has been a month when traditionally Congress has not been in session. That is why I love September. In July I remember the disastrous bill, when John Boehner was Speaker, had the supercommittee, the sequesters that were going to gut our military. I will never forget it, after I was rather upset that that bill was going to gut our military, our Speaker said: Listen to me. Listen to me, those sequesters will never happen. Well, I knew they would. I said they would. But we passed some bad stuff in July in prior years. I think we have done much better this year. As far as this ‘‘vacation,’’ I am intrigued to know that that is what the Democrats are going to do with the time we are not in session, one 8week vacation, as one of my colleagues across the aisle said. Eightweek vacation, that is what they think it is when we are not in session. But from my standpoint—and I am looking at my friend, DOUGLAMALFA , over here. I know from his impression and other people that I work with on this side of the aisle every day that we don’t consider not being in session a vacation. August, man, that is a great opportunity to hear from your constituents. I know we have at least one field hearing. I was requested to come meet again with some of the Egyptian leadership, and I have been urged to go visit with some of our friends in Israel again. I don’t know if I will make that. This is a terrific time to get away from the insidethebeltway thinking. It is only when you get away from the insidethebeltway thinking that so many Congresses have gotten addicted to that you hear from real common sense. Back home, it is common sense. Inside the beltway, it is sense because it is certainly not common. It is a great time when we are in recess to reassess in the recess, and September ends up being a good month. We don’t normally pass terrible bills in September. It has happened, but normally when people come back after having to visit—because we are not in session, people know we are not in session. When they hear from constituents during the month of August, they are much more ready in September to do what we should have been doing. So I know my friends across the aisle, they have their talking points, going on this big vacation. They consider it a vacation. We consider it an incredible opportunity to clear our heads, to get this insidethebeltway thinking out of our heads, hear from our constituents, have some field hearings in different places in the country. I find it helpful. Last year, the last week of August, I was invited to meet with President Sisi in Egypt and the Coptic Christian Pope, meet with him again. I was told at the time that I was the only Member of Congress—I don’t know if it is still true—who had been allowed to meet with the Director of Egyptian Intelligence. Anyway, I don’t know if I will be able to get back there or not during this recess, but it was incredibly invaluable. I came away from that meeting in Egypt determined to do anything I could to stop the Iranian treaty that was not only going to devastate the Middle East, that was already starting to spark nuclear proliferation, because all of our former allies, before this President got ahold of them, they were saying: Wow, we can’t count on the United States anymore. Iran’s going to have nuclear weapons. That is what this has made sure. So we have to start figuring out what we are going to do to get nuclear weapons for ourselves. The worst possible result. The Iran treaty is a treaty. It was a treaty, it is a treaty, and that has become even more clear as Iran has violated so many aspects of the Iranian treaty. Unfortunately, the Senate refused to recognize that it was a treaty. They considered the fine Senator CORKER ’s bill that actually turned the Constitution upside down and allowed a treaty to proceed as if it were effective and had been ratified with only a third of the Senate voting to ratify it instead of the twothirds that the Constitution requires. It was that visit in Egypt with their top officials that just clarified in my head that we have to stop the Iranian treaty for the good of the United States, for the good of the Middle East, for the good of our allies, our Muslim allies in North Africa and the Middle East, and for our dear friends in Israel. But so far it hasn’t happened, and Western civilization and the advances we know are more threatened than previously. The second talking point that we heard repeatedly from our friends across the aisle during so many of the 1minute speeches was the talk about we are leaving here without doing a thing about the Zika virus. I don’t fault anybody who has been standing up here and repeating the talking point that we haven’t done anything about the Zika virus, we haven’t done anything about the Zika virus, because there are so many bills that get brought to the floor. There are so many amendments, so many things, it is just virtually impossible to get through them all. I read as many as I can. Some people have told me I am probably reading more bills than most people, but you just can’t get through them all. There is this mentality that if we are in session, we have to be passing bills. Any day we are in session, we have to be passing the bills. Talking to people who were here before, they said it wasn’t always like that; that you could have hearings, you could have investigations, you could have a lot of meaningful things going on without people being forced to come over here and vote. But that is the mentality now. Whether it is Democrats in the majority, Republicans in the majority, gee, if we are in session, we have to vote on stuff. So with that understanding, it’s easy to understand how so many Democrats had missed and didn’t realize that, actually, we did vote. Not only did we vote to address the Zika virus, we voted to appropriate $1.1 billion toward dealing with a potential Zika virus pandemic. So for research, for vaccine, for all of these things. So I don’t fault anybody. I know nobody would have come down here and said we didn’t do anything about the Zika virus, intending to mislead. They just didn’t remember that we did vote to spend $1.1 billion dealing with that issue. Also, probably the most frequently mentioned thing during the last 2 or 3 hours of speeches by my friends across the aisle was regarding guns and gun violence. One of the nicest guys in Congress even used a quote from somebody else in saying that Republicans are ‘‘frozen in their own indifference.’’ Now, that is deeply troubling. I don’t know a single Republican who is indifferent to gun violence. b1630 It is just that we look at Chicago, we look at Washington, D.C., we look at where the most murders are occurring in the country, where more Black lives that matter are taken, and we look at those places and we see whatever they are doing about gun violence, it is the wrong thing, because they have an epidemic of gun violence. What are they doing? Oh, wow; they are the most restrictive cities regarding gun violence in the country. Now, in my home State, dear Dallas is still mourning the loss of five precious lives of law enforcement officers needlessly, senselessly taken by an evil that was encouraged by chants and songs repeated over and over and over talking about police as pigs in a blanket, fry them like bacon, encouraging the devastation and murder of police officers. Well, in Texas, that is a capital murder. And we do use capital punishment. So it is not that Republicans are frozen in our indifference. It is just that we look at the kind of gun laws that have been posed and pushed by our friends across the aisle and we see that the places that their laws have been enacted by Democratic leadership in those cities, with massive deaths, especially of the precious Black lives that matter; but they don’t want to talk about those. You don’t have to look too far to see what has been going on. It is offensive to those of us who are not frozen in our indifference on gun violence. We want it stopped. When you get beyond the pejoratives that are being muttered on this floor against Republicans and you start looking at what the actual news is so you can learn what would be the best 
way to deal with gun violence, you see this article today from National Review: ‘‘Federal Agencies Can’t Keep Track of Their Own Guns.’’ The article says: ‘‘The federal government needs to crack down on guns. Its own stockpile, anyway. The Washington Examiner reports: The federal government has spent $1.5 million on guns and ammo since 2006, and lost nearly 1,000 weapons along the way, including Uzis, assault rifles, and grenade launchers, according to the House Oversight Committee chairman. ‘‘In a hearing to urge tightened control of weapons, Representative JASON  CHAFFETZ , chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said, ‘The loss of a single firearm is cause for concern—the loss of what amounts to roughly five a month is unacceptable.’ ‘‘These guns were acquired by the Department of Homeland Security, the Bureau of Land Management, and the Federal Bureau of Prisons, for use by their agents. Inventory is managed by the General Services Administration, the agency tasked with managing the affairs of other federal agencies. It’s important for certain federal agents to be armed if their job requires it. But it’s also important for the federal government to keep track of its expensive supplies, especially when those supplies have destructive potential. And these aren’t your runofthemill weapons. Uzis, grenade launchers, the ever nebulous assault rifles: plenty of firepower for agents who have dangerous jobs. They simply vanished, at an alarming clip: 1,000 guns lost over the last 10 years come out to just under two per week. So sure, maybe it is easier to get a Glock than a book’’—although, that is simply not true—‘‘but only if you’re neighbors with the local branch of the Department of Homeland Security.’’ This article—and it is not even a recent article—in the Washington Examiner by Paul Bedard says: ‘‘Gun prosecutions under Obama down more than 45 percent.’’ I haven’t been able to find anything that indicates differently; that they have stepped up prosecution. My understanding is they continue to decline, but they are at least much lower than they were under President Bush. This article says: ‘‘Despite his calls for greater gun control, including a new assault weapons ban that extends to handguns, President Obama’s administration has turned away from enforcing gun laws, cutting weapons prosecutions some 40 percent since a high of about 11,000 under former President Bush. ‘‘‘If you are not going to enforce the laws on the books, then don’t start talking about a whole new wave of new laws,’ said a gun rights advocate. ‘‘In the wake of the horrific mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, Democratic lawmakers have begun preparing a new collection of antigun laws, including renewing the assault weapons ban, banning the purchase of highcapacity clips that spring bullets into guns, and tightening rules on who can buy weapons.’’ The thing is this administration was given a heads up twice over the older Tsarnaev. He has been radicalized. But because of the purge of the training material that the FBI has experienced—Michele Bachmann and I and LYNN WESTMORELAND —and T RENT was there for a while—we were going through the materials that had been purged. It was ridiculous, what they classified them. So we couldn’t tell you, Mr. Speaker, exactly the things. Some were silly cartoons and things. But speaking hypothetically, you had verses from the Koran. Actually, there were verses from the Koran that were eliminated. They were found to be troubling to the people that were purging the materials. And who does this administration look to? They look to CAIR, the Council on American Islamic Relations. They look to Imam Majid, former head of the Islamic Society of North America. They look at a number of groups and individuals who were listed as coconspirators in the largest prosecution of support for terrorism in the United States history. The prosecution got guilty verdicts in, I believe, November 2008, and we changed Presidents, and Eric Holder came in as the new Attorney General; and instead of going after those listed coconspirators that both the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals and the district court had said there is plenty of evidence to support their being named as coconspirators, they didn’t go after them. They dropped it. They let it go. Those are the people that are advising this administration about what to purge out of the training materials for the CIA, the intelligence, the State Department, Homeland Security, the Justice Department. Our folks don’t know what they are looking for when they are told to go find out if somebody has been radicalized. Twice, at least, the Orlando shooter was brought to the attention of the FBI. These are caring, wellinformed law officers, except when it comes to radical Islam, because you have CAIR and others making sure they don’t know what to look for when they are looking for radicalized Islamic terrorists. If materials weren’t purged, if people who had dedicated their lives to studying radical Islam who are not actually Muslims themselves, if they were allowed to train as they once were and educate and help our officers of the Federal Government know what to look for to find a radicalized Islamic terrorist, then the Boston bombing would not have happened, the Orlando shooting would not have happened, the San Bernardino killings would have not happened. This administration has done grave danger, grave harm to this country. Yet, it is like the ‘‘Wizard of Oz.’’ Don’t look at what is going on behind the curtain. Look at this shiny object, the gun. Oh, they used a pressure cooker. Well, never mind. Still, let’s talk about the gun. Well, if we are going to be honest and you feel like whatever a radical Islamist used to kill people, that is what we are going to talk about. We are not going to talk about radical Islam. By the way, for my Democratic friends who called me a racist because I said the Orlando shooter was a radical Islamist, that he had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, we learn when people point out mistakes we have made. But Islam is not a race. So it makes no sense to call me a racist, as my friends across the aisle did when I pointed out that the Orlando shooter pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. They were thinking that that meant a race. And it is not a race. It is a religion. For a radical Islamist, it is really the makings of a theocracy. Then, this article from today by Neil Munro out of Breitbart says: ‘‘Obama’s Flack Claims Credit for Dallas Policing As Murders Spike 40 Percent.’’ I have been so impressed with the Dallas police chief. The things he said, the way he has comported is exactly the way I would hope a police chief under such a terrible situation would comport himself. But this is a real story because he has been utilizing President Obama’s practices for policing. As this article points out: ‘‘President Barack Obama’s preferred policing practices deserve the credit for changing the crime rate in Dallas, his spokesman says. But spokesman Josh Earnest does not seem to be aware the city’s’’—Dallas’—‘‘murder rate has climbed 40 percent this year as Obama’s preferred policing practices were implemented.’’ Some of the 2016 dead in Dallas had their pictures in this article. The article goes on and says: ‘‘The spokesman’s July 13 statement came in response to a reporter asking a question about the value of the policing changes that Obama is pressuring state and local police forces to adopt. ‘This latest tragedy, the murder of the five cops, took place in a community, Dallas, that the White House actually touted for having done a good job implementing new policing rules? I mean, doesn’t that suggest that they’re either ineffective or insufficient to prevent these kinds of things from happening?’ asked the reporter. ‘‘The police ‘reforms that have been put in place in Dallas have made a difference.’’’ The reforms that have been put in place in Dallas that have made a difference is a quote from Josh Earnest, the spokesman for the President. He goes on and says: ‘‘‘That is a reflection of why it’s important for other communities to make this issue a priority in the same way 
that Dallas has. It’s making a difference in the lives and the people in Dallas, because it’s not just those incidents of concern about police conduct that have declined; the violent crime rates declined, too.’’’ That is from Josh Earnest. The story goes on. Now that we have finished Josh Earnest’s ignorance of what really happened in Texas, in Dallas, the article says: ‘‘Actually, violent crime is up across the board in Obama’s model city of Dallas. According to The Dallas Morning News, 67 people were murdered in the first five months of 2016, compared to 48 in the first five months of 2015. Also, robbery is up from 1,576 to 1,805, and aggravated assault is up from 1,501 incidents to 1,747 incidents. The relatively good news is that sexual assault nudged down from 336 incidents in 2015 to 312 incidents in 2016. b1645 ‘‘The 2016 spike comes after the murder rate jumped almost 17 percent in 2015, bringing the city’s death toll up to 136 dead for 2015. The 2016 crime spike is so large that the city’s now famous police chief, David Brown, has faced pressure to resign. ‘‘‘Chief Brown’s Career Has Lived By Crime Stats, and It Will Die By Crime Stats,’ said a March headline in the Dallas Observer. According to a March 28 report in the Dallas Morning News, Dallas Police Chief David Brown’s plan to fight a drastic rise in violent crime—including a nearly 75 percent jump in murders—by moving hundreds of officers to different shifts and on to task forces is creating an uproar within his department. ‘‘The Black Police Association has historically been supportive of Brown but called for his resignation Monday hours before the group met with the three other police associations. ‘‘Council member Philip Kingston expressed concern Monday about Brown’s plans. ‘None of what you’ve presented here today is sustainable,’ Kingston said.’’ Anyway, it goes on to discuss this. But I am very impressed with the Dallas police chief. I think he has comported himself admirably under such horrendous circumstances and while going through such grief, losing five of his firstresponding law officers. But people need to know that the kind of things that were being urged by my friends across the aisle, that Obama believes are going to make a big difference, well, they made a difference. Murders are up 40 percent now in Dallas since they followed the Obama rules for policing. Very, very tragic. I appreciated Dallas Police Chief David Brown’s statement when he challenged Black Lives Matter. ‘‘During a press conference Monday, Brown issued a challenge to Black Lives Matter protesters demanding change around policing in their communities. ‘We’re hiring. Get off that protest line and put an application in. We’ll put you in your neighborhood, and we’ll help you resolve some of the problems you’re protesting about.’’’ Apparently, according to this article by Katie Pavlich, Brown grew up in the inner city and decided to become a police officer during the national crack cocaine epidemic. He saw a problem in his community, and he wanted to fix it. Decades later, he is in charge of one the most successful police departments in the country—that is, of course, before he started following the Obama administration’s suggestions for effective policing in America. Another problem that is rather dramatic—we feel it in Texas, but we are not alone. It is a problem across the country, illustrated in this article by Bob Price from July 5, ‘‘200,000 Criminal Aliens Booked Into Texas Jails Over Past 5 Years, Says Department of Public Safety.’’ ‘‘Nearly 200,000 criminal aliens have been booked into local Texas jails over the past 5 years. Those numbers included more than 155,000 criminal illegal aliens.’’ Just shocking. So this administration has lost— well, I guess it goes back to 2006. So most of the 1,000 weapons were lost during this administration’s term, some of them on Bush’s watch. But the 2,000 or so weapons—that we know have already killed at least one Federal agent—that were forced by this administration—and someday it is all going to come out. Fast and Furious is all going to be exposed at some point, and this administration is going to fall further in the estimation of its effectiveness. We are already seeing things like, oh, here are our policing rules; they follow them; murder rates go up. Violent crime seems to go up, nearly all of it. The border is porous. We have people pouring into the country. The Islamic State has made clear they are making use of our porous border and our willingness to harm ourselves by bringing in refugees that will include Islamic State terrorists. I think we need to take them seriously. This article from June 28 from James Carafano says: ‘‘Flash back 3 years ago, and remember when the Secretary of Homeland Security declared ‘the border has never been stronger.’ Well, if what is going on at America’s border with Mexico is a success, Americans should shudder to think what failure looks like. ‘‘Unaccompanied children crossing the border is up over 70 percent this year. Other categories and overall numbers are on the rise as well, reflecting significant increases since 2014. And it is not just the numbers that are troubling to Americans. They are worried about national security threats on the southern border. ‘‘The groups are not just drug mafias—they smuggle, steal, hijack, rob, or kill (anything that makes a profit). And it is not just an American problem. By some estimates, since 2007, the cartels are responsible for over 100,000 deaths.’’ And this is something that a number of my Republican friends, especially all of us from Texas, were having meetings about off the record with the Director of Homeland Security and the White House, demanding that President Bush do a better job of securing our border. And they were actually making progress up through 2008. Then along came a new President. And they keep telling us, like this quote, the border has never been stronger. But the true facts belie that. We have diseases popping up where they shouldn’t in places where immigrants who have come in illegally have come. And then, if that is not bad enough, this report from The Federalist: ‘‘U.S. Negligence is Feeding ISIS’ Global Appeal.’’ And it goes on and documents in the article here just how bad negligence in this administration has become. I couldn’t agree more with one of the later paragraphs and the subtitle: ‘‘Weakness Invites Aggression. Muslim extremists around the world see that the American Government and much of American society do not take this threat’’—radical Islam—‘‘seriously.’’ Parenthetically, they talk about guns, guns, guns and won’t look at the person carrying or using the gun. The article says: ‘‘ . . . and can’t or won’t admit its theological origins. Rather than feeling on the run, ISIS and the men it inspires to jihad must feel emboldened by this. ‘‘The Left continually insists, as Muslim Advocates President Farhana Khera did at least week’s Senate hearing, that by talking about Islam in any capacity when discussing terrorism, we are playing into ISIS’ hands. The argument is that groups like ISIS and al Qaeda want nothing more than for the West and moderate Muslims to attack Islam. To what end isn’t clear. ‘‘AlQaeda may be frustrated it can’t get the West to believe its motives— last week it released a special edition of their magazine, Inspire’’—this is Al Qaeda—‘‘in which it called on jihadists to ‘avoid targeting places and crowds where minorities are generally found’ so their religious motives for the terrorist attack will be believed. But this isn’t because alQaeda wants to instigate animosity between Muslims and the West. It’s doing that by inspiring jihad. It simply wants the West,’’ especially those of us in the United States, ‘‘to believe alQaeda is fighting a holy war.’’ They believe they are fighting a holy war. ‘‘After the Paris nightclub attacks in November, Kerry vaguely described ISIS’ motives, arguing that while the Charlie Hebdo attacks ‘perhaps’ had a ‘legitimacy’ or ‘rationale that you could attach yourself to,’ indicating that murder is an appropriate reaction to insulting Mohammed, the November attacks were ‘absolutely indiscriminate.’’’ 
Well, this administration, they do not understand the importance of securing the border. They don’t understand, if they are going to avoid being complete hypocrites, that if you are going to outlaw whatever gun a radical Islamist uses to terrorize and kill Americans, if you are going to outlaw those, then next you have to file the bill that makes the possession or purchase of a pressure cooker illegal. And we really need to go back to 9/11; they used box cutters. Because if we are going to totally continue in this mode of refusing to recognize the problem with the murderer, the Islamic terrorist murderer, and look at only whatever weapon that murderer is using, then we are going to have to keep banning things. I am sure machetes, like were used to kill hundreds of thousands of people in Rwanda, we will have to outlaw them at some point. It will go on and on as long as we continue to ignore the true threat here to American lives in radical Islam. And I know it sounds good. ‘‘No fly, no buy,’’ that is clever. That is cute. But then when you have the Attorney General in front of your committee and you are wanting to know, what do you use to decide who is on the nofly list, you can’t get answers from the prior Attorney General, you can’t get answers from the administration. They won’t tell you. But they want Americans to get behind this movement to allow a bureaucrat, unelected, behind the scenes—we don’t even know who is doing it—to make a list of people they don’t want to have guns. Maybe we could get Lois Lerner over there to help. I am sure a lot of people would love that. Make a list of who you don’t want to have guns. Unfortunately, we have seen the numbers that indicate most of the people on the nofly list are people this administration should not have let into the country. If we are going to do something about the murderers, let’s get serious about it. Let’s address radical Islam. Let’s secure our border. Let’s start enforcing the gun laws we have. And let’s allow the FBI to be trained to recognize what a radical Islamist believes, what they are reading, what they are doing, who they are following online, what mosque they are going to where more people are radicalized. Those are important things. And until this administration allows that to happen, we are going to keep losing precious American lives. It has to stop. And if it is not guns, it is pressure cookers, box cutters, machetes, underwear bombs. We find out, you know, these terrorists, these radical Islamists, they have learned how to make bombs. And on top of all of that, we have the President determined to release as many people who want to kill Americans as he possibly can out of Guantanamo Bay. Under the rules of war for civilized societies, when someone declares war on your country and you capture any of their warriors, you hold on to them, in civilized society, until such time as their friends and allies say we are no longer at war. Then you let them go. And if their friends and allies keep fighting for 30 years, you hold on to them for 30 years, and then maybe they can help persuade them to stop fighting. But you don’t let warriors go while the war is still going on. Because, as we have seen—and it was repugnant to me to have a spokesman for this administration say, basically, well, we can’t say that people we have released from Guantanamo have killed Americans, but I guess we could say, in essence, that people we have released— well, that Americans would not be dead if we hadn’t released certain people from Guantanamo. b1700 My word, let’s quit playing the games and quit releasing people who want to kill Americans, who are at war with us, who were at war with us when they were captured, and whose friends are still at war with us. Let’s hold them at Guantanamo until their friends say, ‘‘We are no longer at war.’’ Then they can be released, unless they have committed war crimes. If they have, then at that point we will try them for those crimes like Nuremberg. That is what a civilized society does. You don’t release warriors to go kill more Americans while the war is going on. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, this is the last hour that Congress will meet before the 7week recess that the Republicans scheduled for today. We are going to devote this last hour to focus on an issue incredibly important to the communities of the people we represent and to this country, and that is the issue of gun violence. As you may recall, Mr. Speaker, we had a sitin where we came to the House floor to protest the congressional inaction in moving forward on sensible gun safety legislation, to bring attention, to break through this logjam and force our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to bring these bills to the floor for an upordown vote. We tried motions to recommit and efforts to add these pieces of legislation to bills that were moving as amendments and every mechanism we could to try to force some action because the American people are demanding action—asking—demanding that we do something in the face of the epidemic of gun violence in this country. We talk a lot about gun violence, but I think it is important to recognize this is a uniquely American problem. We kill each other in this country with guns 297 times more than Japan, 49 times more than France, and 33 times more than Israel, just to give you some comparisons. Every day, 297 people in America are shot with a gun, and each day, 89 of these people die. On average, 31 Americans are murdered with guns every day, and 151 are treated for gun assault in an emergency room. Thirty thousand Americans die every year at the hands of a gun, and the United States firearm homicide rate is 20 times higher than the combined rates of 22 countries that are our peers in wealth and population. So it is important, as we make this final plea, to understand that this epidemic of gun violence is a uniquely American problem. We just marked, the day before yesterday, the 1month anniversary of the assault in Orlando at the Pulse nightclub that took the lives of 49 young people. We just marked the horrific occurrence in Dallas that took the lives of five American heroes, Dallas police officers. It feels like every day there is another mass shooting or a gun tragedy that we hear about and read about in this country. What we ask the Republican House leadership is to bring two bills to the floor. There are, I think, 217 bills in total that will respond to gun violence in a variety of different ways, but we said let’s start with the easy pieces of legislation, legislation that is widely supported by the American people that will make a real difference in reducing gun violence in this country and keeping guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them—that is, universal background checks to make sure that someone doesn’t get a gun who is not permitted to have a gun under our laws, and keeping them out of the hands of domestic abusers, criminals, and suspected terrorists. The second one is the no fly, no buy. It says, look, if you are on a terrorist watch list and we have determined you are too dangerous to get on an airplane, then you are certainly too dangerous to go into a gun store and buy any gun you want. So those two pieces of legislation, which are really common sense, would be an important first step to demonstrate to the American people that we understand our responsibility to take some action to reduce gun violence in this country and to keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. Rather than taking up those bills, regrettably, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle adjourned, and they went flying out that door so they could go home and enjoy a holiday in the summer with their family and friends without ever taking up a single piece of legislation to address gun violence. We tried in every way to say to our colleagues: Bring these bills to the 
floor for a vote. If you don’t support them, make your arguments against them. Let the American people hear you defend that we shouldn’t have universal background checks and that it is okay for someone on the terrorist watch list to buy a gun. But come to the floor, make your argument, and vote. That is what we get sent here to do. Give us a vote. Instead, they went out that door, and by doing so, by failing to act, they dishonored the memory of the thousands and thousands of Americans who have lost their lives to gun violence. Mr. and Mrs. Wright, Maria and Fred Wright, were here the day before yesterday on the 1month anniversary of Orlando. They came to the Capitol rather than spending time at home continuing to grieve about the murder of their son, Jerald, at the Pulse nightclub. They came here to talk to Members of Congress. They wrote an oped that was published on the day of their visit to Washington. They said: ‘‘While in D.C., we don’t want just thoughts and prayers from Members of Congress. We want them to look us in the eyes and tell us: How will they work to make our Nation safer against gun violence? How will they perform their constitutional duty to ‘insure domestic tranquility’ and ‘promote the general welfare’—some of the main roles of government according to our Constitution? How will they work to stand up to the extremist gun lobby and urge their fellow Members to do the same?’’ That is what they wrote: Look in our eyes. They lost their son, and what Congress did, regrettably, is nothing. They recessed for 7 weeks. Mr. Speaker, we have a moral obligation to protect the lives and wellbeing of our constituents. That is our most sacred responsibility as Members of Congress. We do that in a variety of different ways. We do that by responding to public health crises, like the Zika virus, which we also failed to do. We do that by making sure people can have safe drinking water in places like Flint and cities all across this country, which we failed to do. We do that by protecting our constituents from the ravages of gun violence in this country, and we did nothing. We have a responsibility as Members of Congress, when faced with these sorts of epidemics, to do something. People who are living in communities all across this country, who are living with the consequences of this gun violence, say: What are you doing to stop it? They know we can’t pass one law that is going to stop everything, but, taken together, we can pass legislation—particularly these two bills—that will substantially reduce the likelihood that dangerous people will get guns and harm the communities we represent. I will continue to add my voice to this fight, as I know many members of our caucus will. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ). He really has led our effort as the chair of the Democratic caucus on gun violence prevention and someone who has been a great champion in this effort. Mr. THOMPSON of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him also for taking the time and the effort to put this Special Order together on such an important issue, important to all Americans. I was a little bit taken aback. I came down to the floor early to participate in this Special Order, and I heard my friend from across the aisle who preceded us in Special Orders talking about the effort on the part of Democrats today in our 1minute remarks of pushing for a vote on the issue of gun violence prevention. Mr. CICILLINE , I think, laid it out clearly what it is we are trying to do. We want a vote on two bills. One is a bill that would require background checks for anyone who purchases a firearm through a commercial sale. So it would expand existing law that says that you have to have a background check if you purchase a firearm at a licensed dealer to include other commercial sales: ads in a newspaper, online purchases, or gun show purchases. Then the other bill is the bill that has been referred to as no fly, no buy, that says, if you are too dangerous in the eyes of the FBI to fly on an airplane, then you shouldn’t be able to go into a gun store, pass a background check, and buy any gun that you want. My friend from across the aisle said that this was clever and cute. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake about it: this is not clever nor is it cute. This is serious business. People are dying every day at the hands of someone using a firearm. In the 3
1⁄2years since 20 elementary schoolchildren were murdered at Sandy Hook in Connecticut, 1,196 mass shootings have taken place in our country. Over 34,000 people have been killed by someone using a gun. We have had over 500 legislative days. What have we done during that time? We have had 31—31— moments of silence for those people who were murdered, but we have had zero votes on the issue of gun violence prevention, not one debate and not one vote on expanding background checks. The gentleman across the aisle, I think, used some misleading statements when he talked today. He said that we should enforce the laws that are on the books. Well, when the background check bill was put into the law, there weren’t many people buying guns online. As a matter of fact, we weren’t buying much online. It was a long time ago, and online shopping had not come about as it is today, so the law didn’t include that. So, obviously, we need to look at change in bills as we go. What we want to do is we want to make sure that criminals, terrorists, and the dangerously mentally ill have a difficult time getting guns. The best way to do that, and our first line of defense in accomplishing that, is background checks. You know, Mr. Speaker. You have been in the courtroom. You have seen these things happen before. You know this issue inside and out. They work. Every day, 170 felons are prohibited from purchasing firearms because of background checks. Every day, 50 domestic abusers are prohibited from buying firearms because of the background checks. Yet they can leave the gun store, they can go online or go to a gun show, and they can buy the same gun without a background check that they were prohibited from buying in the gun store. My friend from across the aisle, I think, was also misleading when he said that Democrats want to focus on the gun. There is no focusing on the gun. We know that guns don’t get up and shoot somebody on their own. We are trying to focus on the person trying to buy that gun. That is why we want to do a background check. If the person is a criminal, if the person is a terrorist, if the person is a drug addict or a domestic abuser or dangerously mentally ill, the law says then they can’t buy a gun at a licensed dealer. Well, we have got this gaping loophole where they can leave the licensed dealer, they can go to the gun show or they can go online, and they can buy that gun. We want to stop that from happening. My friend from across the aisle also said that these laws don’t work. Well, we know they work. I just gave you the numbers on how many felons and domestic abusers are stopped every day from purchasing a gun. But you can look at the studies that were done in two States. One was in Connecticut. Connecticut passed a permittopurchase law in their State where you had to get the background check to purchase. What happened in that State after that law was passed? A 40 percent drop in homicide by firearms. Now, go down the road to Missouri, who repealed their requirement to permittopurchase and what happened? A 25 percent increase in homicides by firearms. They work. These laws work, and we ought to make sure they apply to gun sales in all commercial settings. My friend across the aisle in his Special Order said that you just have to look at States where there are tough laws regarding gun violence to see that they don’t work. Well, it is really interesting because there are just 10 States that supply about half—49 percent—of the guns that cross State lines before being recovered in crimes. b1715 Those States account for nearly 21,000 interstate crime guns recovered in 2009. So people go to the areas where it is easy for them to access firearms, they buy them, and then they bring them to the other States and they use them. 
It is not enough just to have a tough law. My home State of California requires background checks for all gun purchases. It is not a big deal. I bought a gun over the last break. As you all know, my friends here know, I am a gun guy. I support the Second Amendment. I have firearms. I use them. I collect them. I hunt with them. I bought one over the last break from a very close personal family friend, yet the law says we still had to get a background check. It wasn’t any heavy lift. I took it to a dealer, they did the background check, and in 10 days I got my gun. California is a stricter State than many. Nineteen States go beyond what the Federal Government requires. The Federal Government requires, remember, that you have to have a background check if you purchase a gun at a licensed dealer. California says all guns have to go through a background check. As I say, it is not a heavy lift. But Californians can leave our State and they can go to another State, one of the 34 States that only have the Federal requirement—they can go to another State, they can go online, they can go to a newspaper ad, or they can go to a gun show—and they can purchase the same firearm that they would be prohibited from purchasing if they had to undergo a background check. We know it happens. At the State of the Union, when we honored victims of gun violence, a man from Wisconsin was here because his sister took out a restraining order on her husband. Her husband tried to buy a gun, and that restraining order stopped him from being able to buy the gun. Well, he went home. He went online. He found someone that was selling the same gun, who wasn’t a licensed dealer. He bought that gun. He took it to the beauty shop where his wife was, and he killed her, and he killed two other people. Now, as Mr. CICILLINE said, we can’t stop every act of gun violence by passing any bill. And the people that say they don’t support the background check bill because it wouldn’t have worked in Mr. CLYBURN ’s district in Charleston, or it wouldn’t have worked in Mr. PERLMUTTER ’s district in the movie theater, or it wouldn’t have worked in Orlando at the Pulse nightclub, they say, well, we only will support a bill that will work in all of these cases, well, the only bill that will do that is getting rid of all guns. There is not support on our side of the aisle for that, and there is not support on the other side of the aisle for that. It is a disingenuous argument. Everything that we can do to stop people from being killed by someone with a gun we should be working on doing. The bills that we are talking about today are bipartisan bills. You know that, Mr. Speaker. Our bill has not only bipartisan support, it has 197 coauthors. I don’t think there has ever been a time in the history of Congress that there has been a gun bill in this House that has had 197 coauthors. That is really out of the ordinary. Folks have lined up to support this because they know it is good public policy. The American people know it is good public policy. Ninety percent of the American population believe that we should expand background checks to include all commercial sales. Eightyfive percent believe that we should enact the no fly, no buy. They say if you are too dangerous to fly, you should be too dangerous to buy. They are bipartisan. Both of those measures are proSecond Amendment. They are certainly commonsense, and they most certainly have the support of the majority of the American people. We should be doing everything we can to pass those bills. We shouldn’t be going home. And I know that sometimes a hyperbole takes over. I don’t for a moment think that every Member in this body is going home to sit on the beach. I know what most Members do, if not all Members. We go home and we work in our districts. You are going to do that. I am going to do that. Mr. CLYBURN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C ICILLINE , we are all going to go home, we are going to meet with our constituents, and we are going to do our work. But the point that we are trying to make is we shouldn’t leave this body, we shouldn’t leave this House, the people’s House, to go home to do our work there without first passing this gun violence prevention legislation that is bipartisan, supported by the American people, and proSecond Amendment— measures that will do a little bit more to keep guns away from criminals, terrorists, and the dangerously mentally ill. Mr. Speaker, we should be doing that. We should be doing that here today before we leave on this 7week recess. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the distinguished assistant leader. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me, and I thank him so much for doing this Special Order. I want to begin, first of all, by thanking my colleague on the other side of the Capitol, Senator TIMSCOTT, for a tremendous speech he gave on the floor of the Senate last evening. I thank him so much for sharing with the American people an issue that has, for some reason, converged with our overall discussions of gun violence. Now, tonight, at around 7:30, we are going to have a national SpeakOut here on the west lawn of the Capitol. We will be speaking out on this whole issue of gun violence. I am particularly interested in one part of our effort dealing with background checks. Now, some have said that background checks legislation that we are proposing would not have had any impact on most of these issues, if not all. Well, I beg to differ when it comes to Charleston and the Emanuel 9. The facts are very clear that the gentleman who purchased the gun that he used to murder those nine souls doing their Bible study at Emanuel AME Church June 17 of last year was not eligible by law to have purchased a gun because of a 72hour rule that we have in our background check laws. If you apply to purchase a gun and the background check is undertaken and it is not completed in 3 days, you can go back and get the gun, irrespective of whether or not you are eligible to have it. Now, thanks to the Government Accountability Office, 2 days ago, they issued a study, and the study covered a period of 10 years, from 2006 to 2015. Here is what they have revealed. During that 10year period, 89,000 requests to purchase a gun were denied because of domestic abuse; however, 6,700 were purchased by people who were ineligible because of that 3day rule. Now, over 90 percent of the people who apply to purchase a weapon have their background checks completed within 2 days, but there is that 10 percent that require additional scrutiny. We don’t know whether or not people intentionally give the wrong information. If someone really wanted to curtail the law and knows what the law is, that person could very well give the wrong address, give the wrong middle initial, do something to cause the background check to be extended beyond the 3day period. The gentleman who purchased the gun in the case of the Emanuel 9, it was an interesting confluence of mistakes. It had nothing to do with the bureaucracy. For some strange reason, when he was arrested for his problem, rather than taking him to the Columbia jail, they took him to the West Columbia jail. So, when they looked for his record, they looked for the record in Columbia. But for some strange reason, the record was across the river in West Columbia. By the time they detected what the problem was, the 3 days had expired and he was able to purchase a gun. Within days of that purchase, he went online and he studied the history of Emanuel AME Church, the church where Denmark Vesey organized an insurrection in 1822 in the basement of Emanuel Church. He looked at that history. He saw Emanuel AME Church as one of the most historical African American churches not just in the State of South Carolina, but in the country, and he targeted that church. He went there, invited himself into the Bible study with these blessed souls, and sat with them for an hour. Then he got up, took out the gun that he had bought, which he was not eligible to purchase, and began to murder them systematically. One woman, Ms. Sanders, is here in Washington and will be here with us this evening, lost her son, her aunt, and a cousin. The reason she is still with us today is because she played dead under a table while covering up her little grandchildren. She 
watched her son walk up to the shooter and say: Why are you doing this? We mean you no harm. But he said: I have got to do it. Why? Because I want to start a race war. Well, he did not start a race war. This whole country saw what forgiveness was all about. Within 48 hours, these family members, these survivors, were in a judicial courtroom. They looked at the perpetrator, and one after the other looked at him and said: I forgive you. Well, I am appreciative of my constituents for forgiving, but I believe, as their representative here in this body, it is incumbent upon me to do whatever I can—and, hopefully, we will be joined by others in this body—to close this loophole. Let’s make sure that gun purchases are not made until the background check is completed. If it takes 4 days or 5 days, what is that all about? What we must do is make sure that demented criminals and domestic abusers are not allowed to purchase guns because we know from history that they mean no good when they do. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his eloquent words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ). Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, first let me thank my good friend and colleague from the First District of Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) for leading tonight’s Special Order hour on the Republicans’ decision to leave for 52 days without taking any action to address the gun violence epidemic in this country. b1730 Mr. Speaker, as I sat here this evening, listening to my colleague on the other side of the aisle repeatedly talking about this administration and how this administration’s work had brought great harm to this America that we live in, well, Mr. Speaker, tonight, as I sit here and listen to my colleagues and to the great history lesson that we just received from Congressman CLYBURN in his reminding us of all the things that happened with the Charleston 9, I reflect on just the other day when four Black men went on national TV—not elected officials, not scholars in the world that we represent, but athletes who stood, dressed in black—who were there to honor another athlete, the great Muhammad Ali. Those four young Black men, with young minds, decided that they would take their time on national TV— unrehearsed, unscripted by folks like you and me, Mr. Speaker. I would like to share, just very briefly, what Carmelo Anthony said when he came to the podium. ‘‘Tonight, we cannot ignore the reality of the current state of this America we live in. The events of the past week have put a spotlight on injustice and the distrust and anger that plagues so many of us.’’ Mr. Speaker, he said: ‘‘The system is broken. The problems are not new, and the racial divide is definitely not new, but the urgency to create change is at an alltime high.’’ Then Chris Paul followed him and said: ‘‘We stand here tonight, accepting our role in uniting communities to be the change we need to see.’’ Now, think about that—to go from distrust, Mr. Speaker, to trust and have this young athlete speak like we should be speaking, as Democrats and Republicans, in talking about change. Do you know why they were saying this, Mr. Speaker? It is because innocent lives are being taken because we don’t have simple gun laws, because we can’t close the loop. Certainly we should have the intellect to understand that if you can’t fly, you can’t buy. When I listen to my colleagues say that we have not brought before this House laws that we can implement, that is not my responsibility as a Member of this Congress; it is our responsibility. It is not the Democrats’ responsibility to do this. It is not the Black men’s of the Congressional Black Caucus or the Hispanic men’s of their caucus or the Democrats’. Mr. Speaker, we are better than this. It is our united responsibility. When we stand here and make a joke of Black Lives Matter, let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, Black lives do matter— but blue lives matter, and all lives matter. If that mother, like the mother that I am bringing from my Third Congressional District tonight, tells the story of her 13yearold daughter who was sitting in her kitchen as her windows were riddled with gun bullets that killed that child, that matters to her. Do you think the wife of that murdered police officer doesn’t value that blue White life as much? When these young folks come here tonight, many of them representing Black Lives Matter, they will come as these four athletes did on TV the other night. It is because they feel the pain, and they don’t have an outlet, they don’t have a place. They could march anywhere, but they are marching at the United States Capitol. Do you know why? They are coming here hoping for hope. They are coming here hoping for leadership. They are coming here hoping that we will unite one another and bring that trust. Let me now tell you what the next speaker, Dwayne Wade said. ‘‘The racial profiling has to stop. The shootto kill mentality has to stop. Not seeing the value of Black and Brown bodies has to stop.’’ Then let me tell you, as he ended with ‘‘enough is enough’’ and, ‘‘As athletes, we challenge you, America,’’ then LeBron James, from my great State of Ohio, came to the microphone and said: ‘‘We all feel helpless and frustrated by the violence, but that is not acceptable. It’s time to look in the mirror and ask ourselves: What are we doing to create change?’’ He knew that night that that was not what he was there to do, but he said it was his legacy that he wanted to talk about, and he wanted to use that moment in time for a call to action. Mr. Speaker, I come with that same call to action tonight. I come to say to you that you should be better than what we are doing. I am not pleased that it is empty on this side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I want America to know that I came here tonight willing to stand up and to talk to the thousands of folks who will come with that pain, with that anger. I want them to know that, as Democrats, we are here today because we know we can be so much better. We are not asking for a lot. We are asking for four simple bills. I won’t walk you through them because you have heard them, Mr. Speaker. You have heard my colleagues repeatedly today through 1 minutes, through 5minutes, through a Special Order hour, come and ask for help. I don’t know what more we can do tonight, but as you go home, I ask you to think about those lives that were taken, whether it was an innocent, young boy, a Trayvon Martin, a Tamir Rice, a Jordan Davis, or a Sandra Bland, whether it were those children at Newtown, whether it was someone in a theater or on a football field or in a restaurant, whether it was in Minnesota or in Baton Rouge or, yes, whether it was the Emanuel nine in South Carolina, or whether it were those innocent police officers in Dallas. I will sleep well tonight, Mr. Speaker, and I want America to know that I will sleep well tonight because I came here to unite the communities, to unite Democrats and Republicans. I want America to know that I am talking to an empty audience of seats on the other side of the aisle because they went home. I say to you: America deserves better. The innocent families who lost their loved ones deserve better. Yet, we are trapped here with the inactivity of Congress. We deserve to do more for our communities. Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gentlewoman for her eloquent words. I appreciate the passion she has brought to this not only tonight, but throughout the week and the last many weeks. I am particularly proud, Mr. Speaker, of the leadership of our caucus. From the very first night when we came to the floor to attempt to break through the logjam of inaction by our Republican colleagues, it really galvanized our caucus. It galvanized the country that, likewise, is demanding action, demanding that we enact commonsense gun safety legislation. We heard eloquent words from so many members of our caucus through those 26 hours; but so much leadership was provided by the leaders of our caucus, who, in the past several weeks, have used every occasion, every possible opportunity, to force a vote on 
two commonsense gun safety provisions—to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists and universal background checks—in amendments, in attempting to attach it to bills, in motions to recommit, in every way that they could. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), our distinguished Democratic whip, who has been a great champion on this issue and who has been a great leader in the fight for responsible gun safety legislation. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank him for taking this Special Order. I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for that eloquent and passionate plea to put negligence aside, to put inaction aside, and to understand that in this House, we have an opportunity to take action. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to think of LeBron James’ feeling helpless—one of the greatest athletes of our time and, perhaps, of all time. He is an extraordinarily powerful individual. For him to stand and say, I am frustrated and I feel helpless, in part, that is because he has sent people to Congress. He and 320 million Americans have sent people to Congress to respond and to keep them safe. Can we keep them perfectly safe? We cannot. John Kennedy was speaking to a group of parents of children with disabilities. He stood before them and said: ‘‘Although these children have been the victims of fate, they shall not be the victims of our neglect.’’ Mr. Speaker, today, tomorrow, the week after, and for months to come, we do not know how many people will be victims of today’s neglect; victims because we took a walk today rather than action on this floor of the people’s House. We will never know the price that we will pay, but we surely know there will be a price. Speaker RYAN, upon taking the Speaker’s gavel, called for a return to regular order, openness, and transparency; and I would like to read his quote because it was a good quote. He said: ‘‘We need to return to regular order.’’ Then he said: ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues.’’ Today we ducked. Today we said we are not going to apply our ability to take action. We are going to go home. The American people, Mr. Speaker, ought to know that we weren’t scheduled to go home until tomorrow night, and the American people ought to know that the President of the United States asked us, some 5 months ago, to apply resources so as to protect the public health from the Zika plague. So not only have we not dealt with gun violence, but we have not dealt with two simple but profound, commonsense actions. Mr. Speaker, I could walk across to that rostrum where Republicans usually speak. I am at the rostrum where Democrats usually speak. b1745 There ought to be a rostrum in the middle where we speak not as Republicans, not as Democrats, but as Americans, as parents, as husbands, as wives, as neighbors, as friends to protect and preserve not only the Constitution of the United States but their lives and their future. Congresswoman BEATTY said it so well, ‘‘Black lives matter,’’ and then she added quickly, ‘‘Blue lives matter.’’ And of course she meant those who protect us and are sworn to put themselves at risk so that we may not be at risk. We lost five of them and we lost the young man in Minnesota and a not quitesoyoung man but another man in Louisiana just these past few days. Mr. Speaker, you said, ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues.’’ We don’t think this is a tough issue, but maybe some people do. We think this is commonsense reason to pass a bill that says, if you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane in America, you are too dangerous for us to sell you a gun. If we accept the premise that we ought to have background checks, which we do, then those ought to be not in just some cases but in every case so that we are not keeping people safe just in some instances but in every instance. ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues.’’ The Speaker then said, ‘‘We will take them headon.’’ We have been asking now for years and certainly very directly for a number of weeks now to bring these bills to the floor that provide for universal background checks and for protecting people from people who are dangerous and who would buy guns but are too dangerous to fly on our airplanes. That is all we are asking. We are not even asking that it pass. We will vote for it. We hope a large number of our colleagues will vote for it. Because I tell you, the American people are speaking from that middle mike, which does not exist. But their voice in the middle here is 90 percent of them saying, ‘‘Please, Congress, do these actions.’’ The Speaker went on to say, ‘‘We should not hide our disagreements.’’ The American people don’t have much of an agreement; it is nine to one. ‘‘We should not hide our disagreements,’’ he said. ‘‘We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagreements honestly stated.’’ Bring them to the floor, Mr. Speaker. Tonight, two friends of mine, Wendy Edmonds and Bobbe Frasier, will be with us tonight at 7:30. They lost Sylvia Frasier, their sister, at the United States Navy Yard, just a few blocks from where we stand, by someone who essentially invaded the Navy Yard and killed a significant number of people. But the Congress has gone home. The leadership believes there is no more business left to do before going home to their districts for the next 7 weeks. Tell that to the people of Flint, who 24 months after the lead was discovered which gave such danger to their children and damaged their children—tell that to them. They have been waiting eagerly for Congress to take up legislation providing them with critical resources to recover from the lead poisoning in their water supply. They shall not be the victims of our neglect, but they are. We have gone home. Tell that to millions of Americans in Puerto Rico and across this country who are at risk this summer of exposure to the Zika virus. Tell that to the millions of families who have been affected by gun violence and are looking to Congress to enact commonsense gun safety reforms. So I tell my Republican colleagues, the Speaker, the majority leader, there is much work to be done right now. It is irresponsible that the majority would continue to obstruct and delay any action on these three pressing national crises. Instead, we should be remaining in Washington until they are addressed. We saw the other night a bill pass from conference with no debate in just a few minutes—a major piece of legislation. Time is not the problem. Commitment is the problem. Democrats, as Congresswoman BEATTY said so eloquently, are ready to stay here and do the hard work. And I am asking the Speaker and the majority leader to commit to doing the same. The American people expect us to do our jobs, not just shrug and go home. We owe the American people that duty and that action. Let us vote. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, it gives me pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader. I thank her again for her extraordinary leadership on this issue. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CICILLINE ) has been such a leader on this issue. He was a leader in the sitin that happened a few weeks ago on the floor of the House, I can attest personally. I bore witness to his staying here all night, for 25 hours straight. He organized us on the steps of the Capitol on Tuesday evening, the 1 month anniversary—bad, sad observance of the 1 month since Orlando, where a hate crime was committed against young people gathered for a night of enjoyment, instead to have the end of their life occur. And why? Because of a hate crime. And why? Because we don’t have commonsense gun laws in our country. He also organized us all day in scores of 1minutes on behalf of House Democrats. But I want to also thank him for putting this Special Order together in preparation for the event that we will have on the steps of the Capitol later this evening. I associate myself with the remarks of our distinguished whip, Mr. HOYER , when we say to the Republicans, why have you left here? Congresswoman BEATTY has the same message. What 
more important thing do our Republican colleagues have to do than to be in session, to do their job, for us all to do our job for the American people? We should be here to do our job on Zika, which the President over 4 months ago requested funding to fight Zika, and now it is spreading in our country. We should be here for funding for opioids. We passed a wonderful bill— good policy, but no funding; therefore, not effective. We should be here to pass the funding for opioids and Flint, Michigan. What more important thing do you have to do, my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle, than to meet the needs of the children of Flint, Michigan? Here we are, continuing to have our conversation about commonsense gun violence protection. I want to quote from President Lyndon Johnson. In the aftermath of the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy, just weeks after the fatal shooting of Martin Luther King, Jr., and only a few years after President John F. Kennedy was shot, President Johnson pressed Congress to enact gun control legislation that he sent to Capitol Hill years earlier. He had sent it after the Kennedy assassination. LBJ ordered all of his staff and urged allies in Congress to act swiftly. Here is what he said that was as relevant now as it was then. President Lyndon Johnson, following the deaths of Martin Luther King and Robert Kennedy, said: ‘‘We only have 2 weeks, maybe only 10 days, before the gun lobby gets organized. We’ve got to beat the NRA into the offices of Members of Congress.’’ Decades. This has been going on for decades. When a President of the United States, after the assassination of a President; an icon, Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.; Senator Robert Kennedy—well, actually he was a candidate for President at the time, Senator Kennedy was. ‘‘We’ve got to beat the NRA into the offices of Members of Congress.’’ Well, obviously, we haven’t, because they sort of live there. They sort of live there. And when he signed the watered down version of the bill he proposed, he said, ‘‘The voices that blocked these safeguards were not the voices of an aroused nation. They were the voices of a powerful gun lobby, a gun lobby that has prevailed for the moment in an election year.’’ Sound familiar? LBJ went on to say, ‘‘We have been through a great deal of anguish these last few months and these last few years—too much anguish to forget so quickly. So now we must complete the task which this longneeded legislation begins.’’ Here we are decades later, still recognizing the fact that the National Rifle Association, the gun lobby, has so much power over Members of Congress. It has so much power over their political survival, some of our colleagues think. I ask you, Mr. Speaker: What is more important, the political survival of Members of Congress beholden to the gun lobby or the survival of little kindergarten students in Newtown, Connecticut? What is more important, the political survival of Members of Congress or the personal survival of members gathered in church in South Carolina, or young people gathered for an evening of fun in Orlando—the list goes on and on—or our dear police officers killed in Dallas. What is it? How do you explain it to people, except to say there is a large element of cowardice. There is a large element of putting people’s own political survival over the oath of office that we take to protect the American people. Excuse me. This is so emotional. I salute my colleague Congresswoman BEATTY for her very passionate and intellectual statement that she made in recognizing the role of athletes. I am very proud of the Golden State Warriors. They have long been involved in this, as has the NBA and the players that she mentioned. This was another venue for them to speak out. They have been eloquent on the subject for a while. I salute my colleague Mr. CICILLINE , not only for his work on gun issues, but on hate crimes as well, because that was a hate crime in Orlando. Mr. CLYBURN is going to be outside on the steps of the Capitol with a large crowd of people so we can listen to the stories of those affected. If only our colleagues would open their hearts and their minds and not have a tin ear to the voices of the families, listen to the families. One of our own colleagues, Congressman BOBBY RUSHof Illinois, he and his family are survivors of the death of their son. When he tells the story of how he learned of his son being shot but then of his son passing, it is so eloquent and so compelling. And he talks about the shriek, the cry, the scream of a mother who has just found out that her child is dead from a gunshot. How much of this can we take? It is always impressive, I have to say, to witness the degree of tolerance that our colleagues have for the pain of others. How much pain do people have to suffer for people to hear, to learn, to judge? Was it George Bernard Shaw who said the sign of a truly intelligent person is that he is informed by statistics? The statistics are overwhelming: 91 a day; over 1,000 mass murders, which is defined as 4 or more people being slaughtered in 1 incident—all of that since Newtown. b1800 I know my time is drawing short, but I will just say this: these are statistics. More important than that, they are human lives. How many more human lives? How many shrieks of mothers learning—and dads as well. He spoke of hearing his wife’s shriek; the piercing sound of a mother’s scream. I heard one of the mothers from Orlando when she was suspicious that her son might have been killed. She said: I don’t know. We don’t have any evidence, but nobody has seen him. He isn’t at the hospital. I am afraid I have become a member of the club, the club of women, moms who have lost their children. It is a terrible club to be a member of, and I want to speak out against gun violence so that there aren’t more moms added to the club. But that doesn’t seem to resonate with our colleagues. They don’t even give the courtesy of attendance to hear the concerns that people have. Is it indifference? Do they not know or do they not care? Or is it some combination? Whatever it is, it is a disgrace to our oath of office to protect the American people. Be assured of this, be assured of this: we are not going away. You will see us. You will see the faces of those moms, all the organizations that have come together, the millions of people, the high percentages, 85, 90 percent of the American people of all parties and no parties who support the legislation that we are asking for. We are not going away until we have commonsense gun violence prevention laws passed in our country to save lives, to save lives. That is the challenge we offer to our Republican colleagues. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
REQUEST TO BE GRANTED ADDITIONAL SPECIAL ORDER TIME Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that we have an additional hour to continue to speak about the urgency of gun violence prevention action. We have many Democratic colleagues who are here who are seeking time to implore the Speaker to come back. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot entertain that request. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Point of parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, why is the Chair not capable of entertaining a request for unanimous consent to provide for additional time to address this urgent public health crisis? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker’s announced policy on Special Order Speeches does not allow the Chair to entertain that request. 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I take the floor this afternoon to continue to talk about gun violence and to talk about the problems that we are encountering in this country at this time with the issues of citizens being killed, police officers being killed, domestic violence, to talk about people who may be mentally ill who are committing gun violence. This is a very difficult subject. You have heard from my colleagues for some days now about our determination to deal with this issue of gun violence. You have heard about the bills that we have tried to get taken up on the floor to deal with gun violence. Very simple bills. One bill that is a bill that has been characterized as no fly, no buy, simply meaning that if you are too dangerous to be on an airplane, you are too dangerous to be able to buy a gun. And, of course, universal background checks to make sure we know who is seeking to purchase weapons and what their backgrounds are and whether or not they should be allowed to purchase a gun. In the middle of all of this work that we are doing, we are painfully reminded that there is another issue and another problem that we have been confronted with year in and year out that really has not been dealt with, and this problem is one that has reared its head one more time. Just a few days ago we witnessed the killings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge and Philando Castile in Minnesota. And, of course, because of the graphic pictures that were shown on television, because of the cell phones that recorded what was going on, it has really created the kind of discussion and organizing and rallying and protesting that forces us to have to deal with this issue even when it is too painful for many to deal with. I would like to say that I have been dealing with this issue for many, many years. It started when I was in the California State legislature back in 1994. There was a woman named Eula Love, who was shot down on her porch in front of her daughters. Because she had not been able to pay her utility bill, her gas bill, her heating bill, and because she would not allow the gas company to turn off her heat, they called the police, and the police came out. A confrontation ensued. I think she had a butter knife that she waved at them, and they shot Eula Love down on her porch. I became very active back then in dealing with police shootings because, as you know, in the Los Angeles area there had been incidents prior to this, dating back before this that had created the kind of protests and rallies that really caused people to fear what was happening in our communities. So I organized. I visited the police commission. I organized others to visit the police commission. We tried to set up meetings with the police chief at the time, who was Daryl Gates. Daryl Gates was a tough chief of police, and he had no intentions of sitting down with the community to talk about police shootings. He felt that every police shooting was justified and that the community had no right to question what happened when there was a confrontation between police and the community. We organized. We continued to put pressure on Daryl Gates. More incidents occurred. As a matter of fact, when you heard about the death of Eric Gardner up in New York, who died from something called the choke hold, it really was a practice that was used in the Los Angeles area by police officers. At that time, Daryl Gates, the police chief, said that the Black people who were killed as a result of the choke hold died because something was wrong with their carotid muscle; that it was something abnormal about Black people that caused them to die when they were placed in this kind of choke hold. And so having worked in the greater Los Angeles area and witnessed Police Chief Daryl Gates learning and understanding the choke hold, and even there was something called the battering ram and on and on and on, I have known for many years that this was an issue that had to be dealt with, and from time to time others have tried. There have been meetings in various cities and towns in this country at police commissions. Many people have tried to create civilian police review boards. It has been resisted in many cities and towns. Very few have been able to create citizen police review boards. So these killings continue. And they are disproportionately killings of Black men and boys. So when people raise the question about why so many Black folks are involved in this issue, it is because of the disproportionate number of African Americans who find themselves killed, and their families find their relatives killed at the hands of police. Now, of course, not all police are out looking to kill someone. Not all police are prejudiced. Not all police are bad officers. But, of course, we know there are problems. We have pointed to the training, and we have asked for better training. We have always felt that the buck stops at the top and that if police chiefs have the kind of training that we believe officers should have, we could reduce the numbers of confrontations and killings of young Black men in particular. I don’t know what has become of this training idea. I think most police chiefs will tell you: Oh, we do the proper training. We have the best training of any police department in the country. But somehow people who are the victims of police officers who are responsible for these killings really don’t believe that the training is what it should be. These killings are creating the kind of protests and rallies that are making a lot of people extremely uncomfortable. We are all very saddened by the fact that we lost five police officers in Dallas and that the killer of the police officers said he killed them because he was seeking revenge. We do not want the revenge mentality to take hold in this country. That is very dangerous. What do we do about it? What we do about it is keep working at how we can reduce these killings, how we can eliminate these killings. What can we do? I have some ideas about this that I am working with some people on. As a matter of fact, I will be speaking to the National Black Lawyers Association on Monday in St. Louis, Missouri, and I am going to talk with them about several ideas. One of the ideas I want to talk with them about is encouraging more communities to meet on an ongoing and regular basis with police chiefs. Get to know them, talk with them, explain what has been said about them and the feelings of African Americans in these communities. Get to know each other. I am going to ask them to work with the members of the city councils who have the budgets of the police departments and with the county supervisors who have the budgets of the sheriff’s departments. Talk with them and leverage your influence because you have the budget in your control to let them know how serious you are about reducing these killings and these confrontations. The other issue that I am going to talk with the lawyers about is putting together a program to take to our police chiefs about reducing the confrontations by eliminating stopping these automobiles and these drivers on minor incidents, minor problems. Of course, there are going to be some taillights that need to be fixed, but do you need to stop that motorist? Do you need to ask them to get out of the car? Do you need to ask them to get out of the car with their hands up? Do you ask them to get out of the car and lean over the back of the car, legs spread, arms spread? Do you need to ask them to get out of the car and tell them to lay on the ground while you search them? Do you need to search the car illegally? What are you looking for? b1815 If, in fact, it is just a tail light, can’t you just give a warning? Can’t you just give a ticket and go on about your business? Why is it that these police stops about tail lights and other infractions are causing so much confrontation? Of course, as most drivers try to do the best they can in driving and taking care of their cars, I am sure there are those who would like to get some things fixed, whether it is a windshield wiper or a tail light or something else that may be wrong with the car, but I am sure some may have to wait until the next payday. They may not have enough money to do that. They are not 
crooks and they are not criminals, and they should be warned. There is something in the Black community that Blacks have believed for a long time. When kids are coming up, they tend to get in trouble. Sometimes they vandalize; sometimes they perhaps ring somebody’s doorbell and run, as someone was explaining the other night that was happening with their child; or sometimes they will pull a prank and run away, and then they get caught. In the African American community, we believe that oftentimes when children commit these kinds of minor offenses and the police stop them, they take them home to momma or they tell them to get out of there and go home, but when Black kids are stopped, the Black community believes our kids are taken to jail. We have got to straighten out some of the misunderstandings about what happens when Black boys, in particular, and Black men are stopped on these infractions. We believe that a lot of confrontations do not have to take place if, in fact, these minor offenses are not treated like crimes. We believe that we can reduce the occurrence of these confrontations by convincing the police departments that they should not be asking folks to get out of their cars and creating a confrontation. People should not be calling each other names. We want to eliminate from the mouths of any police officers the Nword or the kind of language that is oftentimes used when they decide that they are going to stop someone and that they are going to raise questions or they are going to search them, et cetera. We believe that that is a legitimate thing to do. So I am going to be recommending to the National Black Lawyers Association that we put together a program that we present to these police chiefs and these police departments about reducing confrontation and discontinuing the stops on minor offenses that end up in confrontations and killings. The other thing that I am going to be recommending not only to the National Black Lawyers Association but to the news media and to these channels who cover all of this, why can’t we have some public service announcements that go on every day and maybe at the end of every day where people are reminded about safe driving and taking care of their cars, getting those windshield wipers fixed, getting those tail lights fixed, making sure that the windows are working. Why can’t we have public service announcements that just keep reminding people to have your insurance documentation in the car with you—all of those things that could reduce the kind of stops that we are witnessing time and time again that are ending in confrontation. I believe that there are many other things that we can do if we think about it. I know there is a lot going on about having discussions. People say that we should talk to each other more. Well, that is fine and that is good, and for all of those people who would like to be involved in discussions with each other in their communities or with the police department, you should do that. But talk is cheap, and it really is going to take some concerted actions to be able to deal with this problem. There are some police officers who should just be weeded out. They have no business being police officers. They are either triggerhappy or they are prejudiced. And when they see a young Black man, sixfoottwo, sixfootthree, weighing 200 pounds, they are automatically afraid of them, and they think that they have to protect themselves against them simply because of the size of the individual. When we take a look at Eric Gardner up in New York, who was of such size, where he was wrestled to the ground simply because he was selling loose cigarettes, that was all about, we believe, some officer proving that they were not afraid of him and they could take him to the ground and they could deal with him. Of course, it is what triggered his death. There was no need to tackle him. I just saw on television the other day a famous, I believe, tennis player who was standing in New York and was rushed by police because they said he fit the description of someone who had been reported who had committed a crime. Now, when you say that you stopped a young Black man because they fit the description, nobody believes that. We have heard that over and over and over again. And Blacks believe that that is an excuse to stop somebody, and it is a convenient excuse to say, ‘‘Well, we stopped him because he fit the description.’’ They don’t have any other reason to stop. They have not violated anything, they don’t have traffic warrants, et cetera, et cetera. But this excuse has been used over and over again: He fit the description, and that is why we stopped. When people are the victims of those who say they fit the description, of course they are angry. Of course they are going to tell the police officer that they didn’t fit the description and they don’t like this happening. And that causes another kind of confrontation. So we need to be able to talk with the police chiefs and tell them these kinds of things. And we need to get rid of that culture of silence in the police department. One officer can witness another officer actually committing a crime, he could see that police officer targeting and treating somebody bad, but they will never, ever admit it. They will never, ever report it. That culture of silence and protection is something that we all know about, and it happens every day. So we need to be honest about what the feelings are, and the police need to be honest with us about what they think about what they are doing in these kinds of situations. Even in all that I have heard on television in the last few days, where they supposedly are having townhall meetings, supposedly talking about these issues, I have not heard the real truth come out about how members of the African American community who have witnessed too much of this really feel about the police, and I have not heard the police talk about how they really feel about those that they think are committing crimes or should be stopped or what they understand about them and what is going on in the community. So I am hopeful that we can have a real conversation. Because I want to tell you, as we take a look at what has happened just in the last year or so, what we find is 1,205 people have been shot and killed by onduty police officers since January 1, 2015. In the first 6 months of 2016, 465 people were shot and killed. In 2016, 491 were shot and killed. In 2016, there was a 6percent increase in the number of such deaths during the first 6 months of the year. Fatal encounters are strikingly similar to last year’s shootings, where Blacks continue to be shot at 2.5 times the rate of Whites. Police have shot and killed a young Black man ages 18– 29, such as Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, 175 times since January 2015, and 24 of them were known to be unarmed. So whether we are talking about Michael Brown, Eric Gardner, Ezell Ford, Tamir Rice, John Crawford, Kimani Gray, Walter Scott, Freddie Gray, Sandra Bland, Rekia Boyd, Laquan McDonald, or the last two that we have seen on television almost every night for the last week or so, Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, and names that we don’t know—those names are not mentioned here because they have not been reported and we don’t have the kind of database for these killings that we should have. That is another recommendation that I am making, that we must have a database that is kept so that we can know for sure exactly who is being killed and why, supposedly, they are being killed. This is tough business that we have to deal with. This is painful business that we have to deal with. But when you see those mothers on television, as I saw last evening, saying: I have a 14 yearold, and I am afraid for his life every minute he is not with me. And folks tell us that you should talk to them more and you should tell them how they should act when they are stopped by the police. I want to tell you, every African American mother and father that I know talk to their children about the police. They are afraid that they are going to be killed. They are afraid that they are not going to come home once they leave the house. They talk to them about how to conduct themselves if they are stopped by the police. While 
they shouldn’t have to act any differently than anybody else, mothers and fathers of Black children talk to their children about that all the time. They say to them: If they stop you, make sure you keep your hands visible. Put them up on the dashboard so they won’t think you are reaching for something. If they ask you to get your driver’s license out, you tell them to take it out of your pocket because you are afraid that if you go in your pocket to get your driver’s license there will be an excuse to shoot you down. Too many of them have said and will say, ‘‘We thought they were reaching for a weapon.’’ Black people, for the most part, tell their young boys and their young men not only to keep their hands visible, but don’t talk back to the police, make sure you don’t look as if you are reaching for something, and be very, very careful that you don’t do anything that will cause them to shoot you. Now, this is real. This goes on all the time. I don’t know if people know or understand this. None of us are saying that we want our children to be in confrontation, that we want our men to be in confrontation, that we want our girls to be in confrontation with the police. We always teach everything that we can about staying out of a situation where there will be an excuse to kill or shoot you. Body cameras. We have advocated for body cameras. And now we find that, in this last incident, I believe, in Minnesota, the body camera somehow was on the ground and it wasn’t working; or the body camera was not turned on, in some instances that we hear about; or even when the body camera records, in many instances, and maybe under practices and law in some cities, that information cannot be revealed for some long period of time until after certain things have taken place within the police department. So we have talked about that and we have advocated for body cameras. We were hoping that they would help us to understand what was going on. But we find that just plain old citizens with a cell phone are doing more to document what is happening than the body cameras that we advocated for. As a matter of fact, but for cell phones, we would not have known what happened in Baton Rouge and we would not have known what happened in Minnesota. The sight of a man being pinned down on the ground, unable to move, a gun being put at very close range to his body and being killed is more than most folks can bear. b1830 Most folks looking at what happened in Baton Rouge and what happened in Minnesota know that something is wrong with that; that that is not right. It is not just Black folks. There are many White folks who understand and believe it is something wrong with this picture. So while we are talking about gun violence, and we would love to be able to focus on laws that we could create to keep the guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them, we have got to deal with also what is happening in our country with the confrontations between African American men and boys in particular, and girls, and police officers. So I share this information with you, as difficult as it is to talk about it, because until we get to the point of honesty about what we feel and what we understand and what we believe is going on, we are never going to be able to deal with this problem. I am going to continue to work on this. Like I said, I started in 1994. And while my attention and my career has been diverted to deal with financial services and other kinds of issues on Wall Street, I have got to get back to Main Street, and I have got to get back to the idea that we can do better than this, and that our country cannot continue to not know how to deal with it, but, rather, come up with creative ideas and thoughts and ways by which we can discontinue these killings. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1555. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services; in addition, to the Committee on House Administration for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 636. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. H.R. 4875. An act to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 5588. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: S. 524. An act to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the prescription opioid abuse and heroin use crisis, and for other purposes. S. 2840. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 14, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 636. To amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. H.R 4875. To establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 5588. To increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates of compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 18, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. DENT: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Related to Representative Ed Whitfield (Rept. 114–687). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4202. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York (Rept. 114–688). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4510. A bill to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–689). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4789. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–690). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H .R. 5199. A bill to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for construction and design services are awarded, and to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements; with an amendment (Rept. 114–691). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 24. A bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 114–692). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5779. A bill to require States to automatically register eligible voters to vote in 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5833. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to address lead contamination in school drinking water, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Ms. NORTON ): H.R. 5834. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to prohibit mobile service providers from providing service on smart phones that have been reported stolen, to require smart phones to be equipped with anti theft functionality and mobile device identification numbers, and to prohibit the alteration or removal of mobile device identification numbers of smart phones, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5835. A bill to repeal the minimum State allocation requirement for the Housing Trust Fund established under section 1338 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. B UCK, Mr. C OOK, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. N UNES , Mr. BABIN, and Mr. C OFFMAN ): H.R. 5836. A bill to provide for the orderly disposal of certain Federal lands, to benefit education and other purposes through the sales of such lands, to consolidate Federal lands to improve management, to provide for the acquisition of lands for recreational and other opportunities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. C LAY, and Ms. B ASS): H.R. 5837. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to remove the exclusion from medical assistance under the Medicaid program of items and services furnished in an institution for mental diseases in the case of inpatient, nonhospital substance use disorder treatment facility services furnished for nonelderly adults; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. CARNEY , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 5838. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require the disclosure of the annual percentage rates applicable to Federal student loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself and Ms. GRAHAM ): H.R. 5839. A bill to establish an advisory committee to issue nonbinding governmentwide guidelines on making public information available on the Internet, to require publicly available Government information held by the executive branch to be made available on the Internet, to express the sense of Congress that publicly available information held by the legislative and judicial branches should be available on the Internet, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. JOLLY (for himself, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. KIND, and Mr. H ULTGREN ): H.R. 5840. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a reduced excise tax rate for portable, electronicallyaerated bait containers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. NEAL): H.R. 5841. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a population based payment demonstration project under which Patient Care Networks are paid prospective monthly capitated payments for coordinated care furnished to Medicare beneficiaries; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. COFFMAN ): H.R. 5842. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to improve treatment for veterans suffering from opioid addiction and chronic pain, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. RATCLIFFE ): H.R. 5843. A bill to establish a grant program at the Department of Homeland Security to promote cooperative research and development between the United States and Israel on cybersecurity; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Mr. LEWIS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. BASS, Mr. B ERA, Mr. B EYER , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. HONDA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. E STY, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. COSTA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G RAYSON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. ISRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K EATING , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. MOORE , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. RANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. N ADLER, Mr. R USH, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S IRES, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHU of California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C UELLAR , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. HIMES, Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. L EE, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. PINGREE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 5844. A bill to establish a National and Community Service Administration to carry out the national and volunteer service programs, to expand participation in such programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 5845. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish an excise tax on the production and importation of opioid pain relievers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ROWN  of Florida, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. COHEN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, and Ms. W ILSONof Florida): H.R. 5846. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to eligible entities to prevent or alleviate community violence by providing education, mentoring, and counseling services to children, adolescents, teachers, families, and community leaders on the principles and practice of nonviolence; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5847. A bill to authorize the Gandhi King Scholarly Exchange Initiative focusing on peace and nonviolence in global conflict resolution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5848. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to include individuals participating in preapprenticeship programs offered by employers and provide that such employers may be reimbursed under such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5849. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a grant program for employers to develop and carry out job training programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. BECERRA , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 5850. A bill to provide a coordinated regional response to effectively manage the endemic violence and humanitarian crisis in 
of military working dogs and military working dogs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. POLIS, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. E STY, Mr. KILMER , Mr. K IND, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. FOSTER ): H.R. 5875. A bill to establish requirements for committees of the Senate and the Senate to consider and hold votes on nominations of individuals for appointments by the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. BRAT, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 5876. A bill to require the Director of the Government Publishing Office to establish and maintain a website accessible to the public that allows the public to obtain electronic copies of all congressionally mandated reports in one place, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and Mr. LANGEVIN ): H.R. 5877. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United States Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security research and antiterrorism programs relating to cybersecurity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5878. A bill to amend title 38 and title 5, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and other officials of the Department of Veterans Affairs to receive health care from the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 5879. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 5880. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to prohibit inclusion of Social Security account numbers on Medicare cards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mrs. BLACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. FINCHER , and Mr. FLEISCHMANN ): H.R. 5881. A bill to amend the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide notice to State authorities when unaccompanied alien children are placed in that State; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: H.R. 5882. A bill to establish the Freedom Riders National Historical Park in Anniston, Alabama, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 5883. A bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5884. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit a candidate for election for Federal office from using amounts contributed to the candidate’s campaign to make payments to vendors owned or controlled by the candidate; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5885. A bill to require the Clerk of the House of Representatives and the Secretary of the Senate to establish a process by which registered voters may sign national discharge petitions with respect to bills and joint resolutions introduced in or referred to the House and Senate, to require the House or Senate to hold a vote on the passage of any bill or joint resolution if a certain number of registered voters sign the national discharge petition for the bill or joint resolution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mr. PALLONE ): H.R. 5886. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide assistance to schools to replace drinking water fountains that may contain lead, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 5887. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, jointly, to all U.S. nationals who joined the Royal Canadian Air Force or the Royal Air Force during World War II, both before and after Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor, in recognition of their contributions to the Nation; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5888. A bill to amend section 6 of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union with the United States of America, and for other purposes’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5889. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ERA, and Ms. BORDALLO ): H.R. 5890. A bill to promote stability and security in the AsiaPacific maritime domains, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5891. A bill to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from using funds to carry out the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California: H.R. 5892. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to improve social security benefits for widows and widowers in twoincome households; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 5893. A bill to regulate certain State impositions on interstate commerce; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. KILDEE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5894. A bill to repeal a limitation in the LaborManagement Relations Act regarding requirements for labor organization membership as a condition of employment; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 5895. A bill to establish an improved regulatory process to prevent the introduction and establishment in the United States of injurious wildlife; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. CLARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 5896. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide that it is unlawful to knowingly distribute a private, visual depiction of a person’s intimate parts or of a person engaging in sexually explicit conduct, with reckless disregard for the person’s lack of consent to the distribution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 5897. A bill to utilize loans and loan guarantees under the rural broadband access program to provide broadband service for agricultural producers and to provide universal service support for installation charges for broadband service for agricultural producers in order to improve precision farming and ranching, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Ms. MENG, Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. VEASEY , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): H.R. 5898. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of 
Education to provide each borrower with an individualized repayment guide; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Ms. MENG, Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. TEDLIEUof California): H.R. 5899. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for a percentage of student loan forgiveness for public service employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5900. A bill to require compliant flame mitigation devices to be used on portable fuel containers for flammable liquids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. BUCK, Mr. COFFMAN , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. POLIS): H.R. 5901. A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TONKO (for himself, Mr. STIVERS, Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. H ARPER ): H.R. 5902. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a temporary higher Federal medical assistance percentage for Federal expenditures under the Medicaid program that are associated with the cost of compliance with certain Federal regulations with respect to services furnished in certain intermediate care facilities or home and communitybased services furnished to individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. F OSTER, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. SESSIONS , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 5903. A bill to establish the Transition to Independence demonstration program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALKER (for himself, Mr. BRAT, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, and Mr. BUCK): H.R. 5904. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to deposit certain funds into the general fund of the Treasury in accordance with provisions of Federal law with regard to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s Transitional Reinsurance Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. YOHO): H.R. 5905. A bill to require full staffing at certain U.S. Border Patrol sectors, amend the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 to provide for doublelayered fencing along the entire southwest border, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Mr. YARMUTH , and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 5906. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to adopt rules and conduct outreach to offer recipients of assistance under the Lifeline Assistance Program mobile devices that are capable of receiving a WiFi signal and are capable of tethering with other WiFi compatible hardware or devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5907. A bill to preserve competition among mortgage lenders, provide relief from unnecessary regulatory requirements on responsible community mortgage lenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. KINGof Iowa): H.R. 5908. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide agency heads with additional authority to discipline Federal employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5909. A bill to ensure equitable treatment of Shee Atika, Incorporated under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act by facilitating the transfer of land on Admiralty Island, Alaska and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. HECKof Nevada): H.R. 5910. A bill to amend title 31, United State Code, to establish within the Department of the Treasury an Economic Sanctions Strategy, Coordination, and Planning Group, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. H ECK of Nevada): H.R. 5911. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security and Attorney General to submit a report on the Countering Violent Extremism Task Force, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, and Mr. BUTTERFIELD ): H.J. Res. 97. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to make a quality education a civil right; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H. Con. Res. 147. Concurrent resolution establishing the Joint Ad Hoc Committee on Trade Responsibilities to develop a plan under which the functions and responsibilities of the Office of the United States Trade Representative shall be moved to the legislative branch in accordance with article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. JOYCE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. RIGELL , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. MICA, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. HURDof Texas, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. POSEY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. BUCK, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. CRENSHAW , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. RENACCI , Ms. F OXX, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. WALBERG , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. KLINE, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. R OONEY  of Florida, Mr. ROSS, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. N UNES , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. HOLDING , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. FLEMING , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. RIBBLE , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. S AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. OLSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. HARDY , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. ZINKE, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PEARCE , Mr. I SSA, Mrs. LUMMIS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. P ALMER, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. B RAT, Mr. DENHAM , and Mr. B OUSTANY ): H. Con. Res. 148. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the Second Amendment of the Constitution of the United States protects the individual right to keep and bear arms for the purpose of self defense and that the Second Amendment right is fully applicable to the States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Ms. LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. SERRANO ): H. Res. 832. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Clinicians HIV/ AIDS Testing and Awareness Day, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CUELLAR: H. Res. 833. A resolution recommending the designation of the first Wednesday of December as ‘‘Government Customer Service Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. FORTENBERRY , and Mr. NEWHOUSE ): H. Res. 834. A resolution recognizing the important role pollinators play in supporting ecosystems and economies; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for himself and Mr. CA´RDENAS ): H. Res. 835. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should adopt a national policy for technology to promote consumers’ access to financial tools and online commerce to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOVE: H. Res. 836. A resolution expressing the disapproval of the House of Representatives of the final rule of the Department of Labor relating to defining and delimiting the exemptions for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia): H. Res. 837. A resolution expressing support for designating August 22, 2016, as national 
‘‘Chuck Brown Day’’ and honoring his contributions to music and to the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H. Res. 838. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 11 as ‘‘National Pet Adoption Day’’ and the month of April as ‘‘National Pet Adoption Month’’ to highlight the important role pets play in the lives of United States citizens; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
284. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming, relative to Enrolled Joint Resolution No. 1, to seek removal of the gray wolf and grizzly bear populations from listing under the endangered species act and to assist in funding programs and services for gray wolf and grizzly bear management; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5847. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5848. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5849. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 5850. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 5851. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 5852. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 5853. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution, which gives Congress the power to establish a uniform rule of naturalization. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 5854. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5855. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5856. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5857. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 5858. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the Constitution By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 5859. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCCLINTOCK: H.R. 5860. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Property Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the property belonging to the United States. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 5861. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. McNERNEY: H.R. 5862. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. McNERNEY: H.R. 5863. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. McNERNEY: H.R. 5864. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 5865. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. MENG: H.R. 5866. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5867. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5868. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MULVANEY: H.R. 5869. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. ‘‘To regulate Commerce . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 14. ‘‘To make Rules for the Government . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5870. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5871. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or property belonging to the United States By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 5872. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5873. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof’’. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5874. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5875. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 5876. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5877. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5878. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5879. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts 
Article I, Sections 8 and 9 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 5899. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sections 8 and 9 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5900. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 5901. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I, Section 8 By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 5902. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: H.R. 5903. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 5904. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 5905. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 & Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5906. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5907. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreigns Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 5908. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5909. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 5910. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 5911. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. HONDA: H.J. Res. 97. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 27: Mr. SALMON , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. PERRY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi nois, and Mr. TROTT . H.R. 244: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 430: Mr. DELANEY , Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 446: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 448: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 525: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 551: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 592: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 612: Mr. BENISHEK . H.R. 665: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 670: Mr. HARDY . H.R. 672: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 711: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 746: Mr. LANGEVIN and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 771: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 814: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 835: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 842: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 865: Mr. BERA. H.R. 879: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 885: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 912: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 929: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 954: Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 969: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 973: Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 980: Mr. FLEMING . H.R. 1061: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 1117: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1124: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1130: Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 1142: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 1151: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1192: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. BENISHEK . H.R. 1197: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1211: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1218: Mr. DESJARLAIS and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1220: Mr. NUNES and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1258: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 1271: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1278: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 1284: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California and Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 1310: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Ms. MENG. H.R. 1336: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 1391: Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. A GUILAR , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1449: Ms. NORTON , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. HASTINGS , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 1516: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 1549: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1552: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 1559: Mr. BABIN, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 1608: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. POSEY , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1686: Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1706: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 1728: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 1763: Mr. NEWHOUSE and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1793: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1811: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1865: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1877: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1942: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 1943: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 1945: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 1974: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2016: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2096: Mr. CALVERT , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 2124: Mr. BERA, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2143: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. SLAUGHTER , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 2148: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 2150: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2169: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 2170: Mr. RYANof Ohio and Mr. S HIMKUS. H.R. 2173: Mr. O’ROURKE and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 2237: Ms. NORTON , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2296: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2302: Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. C ASTOR of Flor ida, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 2315: Mr. FLORES and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 2342: Ms. TITUS, Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 2403: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 2404: Mr. REICHERT and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 2477: Mr. BEYER and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H.R. 2483: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 2493: Mr. PASCRELL and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 2500: Mr. BABIN and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 2624: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2663: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2669: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2680: Mr. VARGAS , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Ms. MENG. H.R. 2694: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 2716: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2726: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. POMPEO , Mr. B ARR, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. A BRAHAM, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. WALBERG , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. STIVERS , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. M URPHY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. BARTON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. D UFFY , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. NUNES , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. HUELSKAMP , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. SCALISE , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. KLINE, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. HARDY , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. R EED, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M EEHAN, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C ONAWAY , MR. MARCHANT , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . H.R. 2737: Mr. KING of New York, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 2799: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. TURNER , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2813: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 2817: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2844: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2849: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. CLAY. H.R. 2883: Mr. GIBSON and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 2902: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 2903: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. DESJARLAIS , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2944: Mr. GARRETT and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 2948: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 2962: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3012: Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 3051: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 3061: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. DUCKWORTH , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3071: Mr. HINOJOSA and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 3084: Mr. CLAY, Mr. K INGof New York, and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3090: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3095: Mr. PIERLUISI . H.R. 3099: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3119: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3222: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 3229: Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. NEAL, and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 3235: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 3244: Mr. BERA. H.R. 3255: Mr. DUFFY and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 3268: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 3316: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 3337: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3346: Mr. SCHRADER and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 3351: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3377: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3381: Mr. DENHAM and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 3455: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3471: Mr. BERA, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. C ASTROof Texas, Mr. V ELA, and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3474: Ms. KAPTUR and Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN . H.R. 3481: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3514: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 3516: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3520: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3632: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 3652: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3656: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD and Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 3659: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 3679: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 3683: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 3690: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3706: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, and Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 3710: Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 3720: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3727: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3742: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. D EUTCH , and Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 3743: Mr. BABIN and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 3765: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3815: Mr. PASCRELL and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 3816: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3846: Mr. JOYCE and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 3849: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3870: Mr. COHEN and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3882: Mr. HINOJOSA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. CONYERS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. SERRANO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. CA´RDENAS , and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 3886: Mr. LANGEVIN and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 3913: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 3929: Mr. MCNERNEY and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4007: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 4055: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4065: Mr. NUGENT . H.R. 4094: Mr. GUINTA . 
H.R. 4137: Ms. K USTER . H.R. 4151: Ms. STEFANIK and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 4172: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4177: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4202: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4212: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 4214: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 4216: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 4237: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 4247: Mr. HANNA and Mr. R OSKAM . H.R. 4287: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4320: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 4363: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 4381: Mr. FORBES and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 4394: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4422: Mr. PIERLUISI . H.R. 4450: Ms. LEE. H.R. 4463: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4481: Ms. BASS, Mr. S IRES, Mr. O’ROURKE , and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 4514: Mr. GRAYSON and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 4525: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4526: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 4558: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 4559: Mr. HUDSON and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 4575: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4585: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 4588: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4600: Mr. MCGOVERN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4603: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4614: Mr. LONG and Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4615: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 4621: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 4622: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4625: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. A MODEI , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. MEEHAN , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4632: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4662: Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4664: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4695: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4699: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 4706: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 4715: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4730: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 4751: Mr. LABRADOR . H.R. 4764: Mr. MCNERNEY and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4773: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 4833: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4848: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 4893: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 4927: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 4932: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4938: Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. HURTof Virginia, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. H ECK of Washington. H.R. 4943: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4959: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 4980: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5007: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 5008: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 5009: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. BERA. H.R. 5015: Mr. BOUSTANY and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 5025: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 5061: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 5067: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 5082: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 5095: Mr. NEAL, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 5122: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5137: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 5146: Ms. MENG. H.R. 5157: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5166: Mr. BERA, Mr. E MMER of Min nesota, and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 5167: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5168: Ms. SINEMA and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 5172: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5180: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. B ARR, Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. LANCE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C OLLINS of Geor gia, Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. GRANGER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. HINOJOSA , Mr. R OUZER , and Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5182: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5183: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 5188: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5198: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5213: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 5221: Ms. CASTOR of Florida and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 5240: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 5256: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 5258: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 5260: Mr. HINOJOSA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. POLIS, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 5263: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 5271: Mr. BOUSTANY and Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 5292: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 5301: Mr. BABIN and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 5319: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 5320: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 5361: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 5365: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 5369: Mr. LEVIN, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor gia, and Mr. KEATING . H.R. 5392: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 5396: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5404: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5409: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 5418: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 5428: Mr. CALVERT and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 5436: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. M CGOVERN. H.R. 5440: Mr. HOLDING , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 5457: Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. POSEY , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. F LORES , Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. E MMER of Min nesota, Mr. MULLIN , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 5474: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 5477: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5484: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 5486: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5488: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 5489: Mr. HANNA and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5499: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 5506: Mr. REED, Mr. F LORES , Mr. AGUILAR , and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 5523: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 5537: Mr. MCCAULand Ms. B ASS. H.R. 5545: Mr. RENACCI and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5555: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 5560: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 5571: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. BEYER , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. EDWARDS , and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 5576: Mr. DONOVAN and Ms. G RAHAM . H.R. 5583: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. KIND, and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5587: Mr. COOKand Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 5591: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 5593: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5598: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. CLAY. H.R. 5599: Mr. CLAY, Mr. V ELA, and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5613: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 5619: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. YOHO, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B UCK, and Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 5620: Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. J OHNSONof Ohio, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5621: Mr. PERRY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. HARPER , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. F LORES , Mr. B RAT, Mr. HURD of Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. ROUZER , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. FINCHER , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. HURT of Virginia, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. D IAZ BALART , Mr. T URNER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. W ALDEN, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor gia, Mr. MICA, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. WESTMORELAND , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. MESSER , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. ISSA, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. D OLD, Mr. KIND, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. L IPINSKI, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. CLAY, Ms. B ASS, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. SIRES, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. HONDA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, Ms. M ENG, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. ESTY, Mrs. C APPS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S HERMAN , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 5625: Mr. KIND. H.R. 5646: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5650: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 5654: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 5659: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 5666: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 5668: Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. BARR, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, and Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5671: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. MEEKS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C LAY, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 5682: Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. L EE, and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 5683: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5686: Ms. MENG. H.R. 5689: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 5691: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. M AC ARTHUR , and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 5697: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5704: Mr. COOKand Mr. J ONES . H.R. 5708: Mr. WEBER of Texas and Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 5719: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 5720: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. SIRES, and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 5721: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 5727: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 5728: Mr. LONG. H.R. 5732: Mr. KEATING , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 5734: Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5746: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. MENG. 
H.R. 5747: Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 5749: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5755: Mr. VISCLOSKY and Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana. H.J. Res. 13: Mr. LABRADOR . H.J. Res. 22: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il linois, Ms. ADAMS , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.J. Res, 52: Mr. PIERLUISI , Mr. S ABLAN , and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.J. Res. 55: Mr. KATKO . H.J. Res. 95: Mr. MOOLENAAR and Mrs. LOVE. H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. HARDY and Mr. NUGENT . H. Con. Res. 128: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. FINCHER , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H. Con. Res. 132: Mr. KEATING . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. JONES , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. K IND, Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. B ERA, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. B ENISHEK , and Mr. FINCHER . H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. ALLEN , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. V EASEY . H. Con. Res. 143: Mr. POCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. WELCH . H. Con. Res. 146: Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. BLUM, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. SHUSTER . H. Res. 112: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. COHEN . H. Res. 184: Mr. NOLAN . H. Res. 289: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H. Res. 331: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Res. 360: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. K IND, and Mr. MCKINLEY . H. Res. 424: Mr. KATKO . H. Res. 467: Mr. FARR, Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. WELCH . H. Res. 494: Mr. MCCAUL and Mr. H ENSARLING . H. Res. 586: Ms. MATSUI . H. Res. 591: Mr. HIGGINS and Mr. N UGENT . H. Res. 634: Mr. KEATING and Mr. S HERMAN . H. Res. 686: Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. N EAL, Mr. H INOJOSA, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 728: Mr. HECKof Washington. H. Res. 729: Ms. BASS, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H. Res. 739: Mr. COHEN . H. Res. 740: Mr. TURNER . H. Res. 753: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. T ED LIEUof California. H. Res. 776: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Ms. KAPTUR . H. Res. 782: Mr. O’ROURKE and Mr. K INGof New York. H. Res. 784: Ms. DELBENE. H. Res. 786: Ms. MENG. H. Res. 807: Mr. KEATING . H. Res. 808: Mr. SHERMAN . H. Res. 810: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. POSEY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H. Res. 811: Mr. GUINTA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. STEFANIK , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . H. Res. 813: Mr. CRENSHAW , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. HARPER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. NUGENT . H. Res. 817: Ms. STEFANIK and Mr. MULVANEY . H. Res. 824: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions as follows: 
H.R. 2446: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4019: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H. Res. 686: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the following discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 6, July 11, 2016, by Mr. COURTNEY on H.R. 1434, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Courtney, Mr. Welch, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Ms. Bass, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Tonko, Ms. Eshoo, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Takano, Mr. Thompson of California, Ms. Vela´zquez, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Ms. Clarke of New York, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mrs. Lawrence, Mr. Capuano, Mrs. Dingell, Ms. Kuster, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Pocan, Mr. Walz, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Bera, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Cartwright, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Sires, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Keating, Mr. Crowley, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ashford, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Hahn, Mr. Kilmer, Ms. Linda T. Sa´nchez of California, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Cohen, Ms. Brownley of California, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Ms. Meng, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Payne, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Brown of Florida, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Butterfield, Mr. Langevin, Ms. Pingree, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Speier, Ms. DeLauro, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Levin, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Mr. Moulton, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Gutie´rrez, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Clay, Ms. Moore, Ms. Titus, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Cuellar, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Carney, Ms. Bonamici, Ms. Esty, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Honda, Ms. Lofgren, Ms. RoybalAllard, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Aguilar, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Israel, Mr. Quigley, Ms. Fudge, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Heck of Washington, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Becerra, Mr. Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mexico, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Rush, Mr. Grayson, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mr. Polis, Mr. Neal, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Ruppersberger, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Schrader, Mr. Gallego, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Foster, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Mr. Higgins, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Norcross, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Adams, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Meeks, Ms. Edwards, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Kind, Mr. McDermott, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Vela, Ms. Lee, Mr. Delaney, Ms. DeGette, Ms. Pelosi, Mr. Farr, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Rangel, Mr. Cummings, Ms. Loretta Sanchez of California, Mr. Smith of Washington, Ms. Gabbard, Ms. Sinema, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Peterson, Mr. Engel, Mr. Blumenauer, Mrs. Lowey, and Mr. Sherman. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge petition: 
Petition 5 by Mrs. LOWEY on H.R. 5044: Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Crowley, and Mr. Levin. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5099 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 2016 No. 114 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 