Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and ask you to consider where we were before the Affordable Care Act: premiums were rising three times faster than wages, eating up much more of Americans’ hardearned paychecks; millions more families were drowning in medical debt; Americans had to pay for critical preventive services like flu shots, yearly checkups, and birth control; many young 20somethings went without insurance; your suffering child could be denied coverage due to a preexisting condition; the socalled ‘‘doughnut hole,’’ or gap in Medicare part D coverage, was forcing many seniors to choose between buying food to put on the table or livesaving prescription pills; women were charged more than men for coverage simply for being women; insurance companies could set annual or lifetime dollar caps on benefits, sticking American families with the remainder of the bill. Thankfully, in the 6 years since the ACA was enacted, 20 million Americans have insurance for the first time in their lives, and the uninsured rate is the lowest it has been in American history, currently at 8.6 percent. The ACA has helped 105 million Americans, including 39.5 million women and nearly 28 million children, by preventing healthcare plans from capping benefits. We have also seen that the marketplace is working better in States where elected officials collaborated to implement the ACA rather than trying to undermine it. In States that chose to expand Medicaid, insurance rates are an estimated 7 percent lower. In contrast, Governors and legislatures in 19 States have blocked Medicaid expansion, even as millions of their lowest income residents go without insurance coverage. Unfortunately, over the past few years, it has been popular around here to say that the ACA is a failure, that it has socialized medicine, it is driving down the quality of American health care, and that we need to ‘‘repeal and replace’’ it because ObamaCare isn’t working. This mindset is all wrong because, I am happy to report, the ACA is working. However, faster progress has been prevented due to obstruction and politics. Since being signed into law in 2010, my colleagues across the aisle have voted to repeal all or parts of the ACA over 60 times. This has prevented funding needed for implementation and necessary fixes to the law. It is time, once and for all, for Congress to accept the ACA as the law of the land and begin working to improve the law, not repeal it. Now, I understand there are challenges as the law continues to take deeper roots throughout the healthcare industry. As they prepared for ACA, some insurance companies set prices too low, and they are now adjusting them in response; but I want to remind everyone that the insurance marketplace was dynamic before the ACA and will continue to be dynamic. The ACA calls for a more innovative approach to health care, and many insurance companies have adapted so that they can focus on coordinated care and care management, for example. When insurance companies were still able to discriminate based on preexisting conditions, they excluded or undervalued expensive patients—the same people who had the most healthcare needs. Now that actual data is available, the market is undergoing a natural correction to bring prices in line with costs. It is important to note that shopping on the marketplace has proven to help all consumers find the best price for coverage. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, almost half of returning healthcare.gov consumers switched plans and saved an average of $42 per month. I understand that challenges with the ACA remain. That is why HHS is taking steps to address these problems. Congress has a duty to look for policy solutions that improve everyone’s access to the best care available and to make that care affordable. There are real ways that Congress can provide stability to the healthcare marketplace, and I urge my colleagues to bring some of these solutions to the floor. 
I was proud to vote for the ACA, and when the majority is ready to get serious, I will be proud to vote for commonsense improvements and reforms to the law. The American public have spoken, and they will not return to the days before healthcare reform. It is time for Congress to listen to the American people. 
SUICIDE PREVENTION AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the fact that September is Suicide Prevention Awareness Month. This gives all of us a chance to come together to promote awareness about the issue of suicide prevention and how we can all help others talk about suicide. For many families in communities across the country, loved ones are gone far too soon because of suicide. Suicidal thoughts and action certainly know no bounds. They affect people of all ages, races, sexes, and religions. The statistics are startling. Suicide has become the third leading cause of death among young people and is the 10th leading cause of death here in the U.S. Each year, more than 40,000 Americans die by suicide—more than 100 per day, on average. A week and a half ago, I was in Kalamazoo’s Bronson Park for the Gryphon Place Suicide Prevention Walk. A beautiful young woman by the name of Kait stood before a crowd of more than 100 and read a stirring poem about being bullied and, as a result, how she harbored thoughts of suicide. Hearing her deeply personal story certainly broke everyone’s heart. It really did. As a father of two young adults, my thoughts quickly turned to them and their school experiences. Bullying is a very serious problem in our schools and can lead to depression, psychological issues, and, of course, suicide. When she finished, I followed up with her and told her that she is not alone. Anyone considering suicide or having suicidal thoughts should know the same. You are not alone, and there are always help and options available. In our communities, we have got to do more to stop bullying the minute it rears its ugly head. We should do more to reach out to those vulnerable to suicidal thoughts and tendencies, particularly young people, as they grapple with the pressures of growing up. We should also do more to treat mental health issues that can lead to suicide. Here in the House, we recently were able to pass a very strong bipartisan piece of legislation sponsored by Dr. TIMMURPHY , a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, to do just that. We voted to give a muchneeded upgrade to our mental health system and deliver real reforms that are going to make a difference for folks suffering with mental health illnesses. In July, it was advanced through our committee 53–0, and then on the House floor by a 422–2 vote. This landmark vote marks the most significant reform to our Nation’s mental health programs in decades, and I was proud to shepherd this important piece of legislation and now work with the Senate to get it done. Suicide prevention is deeply personal to me. I don’t talk about it often, but my uncle, my daughter’s college roommate, and my son’s dear girlfriend’s sister all committed suicide. Those losses have left an indelible impression on my life. Suicide is not an issue that can linger in the shadows. We have got to confront it and the underlying issues behind it together. I include in the RECORD Kait’s message of hope and inspiration. It can also be found on my Web site, upton.house.gov. 
MY(SURVIVAL ) STORY  I tried to start writing my story, but all that became of it was complicated comparisons and meaningless metaphors. I thought that’s just what I had do, to connect with people. Tell some confusing story about a lion and a lamb, or a turtle and a hare with some hidden cliche reworded moral of a story, explaining how the inferior character always wins in the end, and people would just get what I was trying to say. But, you see, in reality, I didn’t know which character I was supposed to play and so I played someone different every single day. You see it’s hard to stand up for yourself, when you don’t even know who you are, and in school, if you didn’t define yourself, others had no problem doing it for you. So my name tag read Kait, but the names people called me sounded nothing like that. slut, queer, trash, worthless, nothing. I call them names, because that’s what I became. At least in my mind, so it kept me in line. for seven years in the hall I looked at the ground, I thought people wouldn’t kick me if I was already down. And if I didn’t look up, I couldn’t see the mirror, that way you and I could both pretend I wasn’t even there. And they decided that popcorn looked even better in my hair, but when I hid in the bathroom stall during lunch, they said I was throwing up my food. Which, I was. because I was too big, too small, too short, too tall, too skinny, and too fat. I was big foot and man hands, with gorilla arm hair. I took up other people’s air and might as well go die in a hole because no one even wants me here. But that was okay, I didn’t want to be here either. My mom still thinks I fractured my hand from catching it in the door, but I had the locker slammed on it because if you cry, that means you’re asking for more. And I didn’t know how to face her, or the fact that I was a failure. And even though I just graduated, I still feel I owe her apologies. for the messages everyday the principal left on her phone, for the days she had to get me, because I couldn’t drive myself home, for the permanent art work on my arms that wouldn’t ever be hung on fridge, for always playing too close to the ledge. Because I couldn’t pass math, but I could calculate just how many pills it took me to get sick without passing out so I didn’t have to go to school the next day. 42. I’m sorry. Even once they were done with me, I felt like I owed them an apology. Like they could hit me in the face, and I would apologize for standing in the way of their hand. There were times I didn’t believe I would be here today. But look at me now, look where I stand, Never did I realize that my own two hands had to the power to control my life. or end it. My own principal, looked at me and said there was nothing he could do, unless I was seriously hurt. Like to actually be noticed, I’d have to be dead in the dirt. Because he thought that even if I walked away crying, as long as I was still alive and walking, it wasn’t his problem. His position of power told him he could decide when I was in pain, but he wasn’t the one who had to stand in the rain. Look in my eyes, look at my arms, read my poetry, can you still see me? I lost myself halfway between my current normalcy and my makeshift reality. Drowning in a sea of ideas that unless I became just another number in data about bullying, that I wouldn’t actually make a difference. because in a world where we focus on problems like gun control, we over look the fact that people can cause just as much damage with their words. An issue is defined as a topic that can be debated or discussed, Like the ‘‘issue’’ I had with bullying was something that could be compromised. Like my own life, was a thing that could be compromised. It’s like if you see a lamb being slaughtered, you just let it continue, because you too are a lamb, and it very well could be you. I think in a way that’s kind of the worlds view, like if i don’t change a number or a statistic. There’s nothing I actually went through. Tell me why no stories ever make the news, about being a survivor of bullying. but if my story was told, after I was six feet under, it would actually mean something. It doesn’t take 50 cents a day, it literally costs nothing to be a decent human being, or to simply treat each person like they have some meaning. they say charity begins at home, but I think that’s where the love should start too because those that know hurt are the ones that hurt you and my brothers and sisters who have walked in my shoes, i’m sorry if it gave you blisters for the longest time I tried to wear a pair that didn’t fit, when I tried to be a she, that wasn’t me. Bullying is not just a consequence, the effects I still live with are alive and real, sometimes they are more real than I feel. You can not push me under the rug because I am still here. I am not just another bullying story. And I am not just my bullying story. Put a name to my face and call me, survivor. 
END HUNGER NOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I recently had the opportunity to visit and volunteer at the Philadelphia region’s largest hunger relief center, Philabundance. Philabundance, a member of the Feeding America network of food banks, aims to drive hunger out of local communities with an eye toward eradicating hunger altogether. Each week, Philabundance serves 90,000 people in the Philadelphia area through partnerships with 350 agencies and food distribution programs. Incredibly, last year alone, they distributed almost 30 million pounds of food to neighbors suffering from hunger and food insecurity in nine counties. I was impressed by the innovative strategies Philabundance employs to feed hungry people in its region. The Philabundance Community Kitchen equips those looking to reenter the workforce with valuable life and kitchen skills, while also providing meals to those in need. Philabundance also opened the Nation’s first nonprofit grocery store called Fare & Square in Chester, a city that faced a serious economic downturn due to the loss of manufacturing jobs. Fare & Square provides affordable and healthy food to the community, as well as discounts to those who qualify. Food banks across our country like Philabundance and places like the Worcester County Food Bank and Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, which are both in my congressional district, do incredible work to reduce hunger in surrounding communities. They employ innovative strategies to fight hunger and increase access to nutritious food for our most vulnerable neighbors. But the truth of the matter is we know that food banks and our charitable organizations can’t do it alone. Some in Congress have proposed cuts and other restrictions to our Federal antihunger and nutrition programs. We often hear from them that charities, not the government, should be responsible for eradicating hunger. Mr. Speaker, I agree that food banks and food pantries and other charitable organizations are incredible onthe ground partners in our effort to end hunger. They are often the first line of defense in emergency situations. But charities cannot do everything. That is just a fact. Charities do face limitations. Many are small and only open on limited schedules. Most are run with the support of dedicated volunteers, some of whom have other fulltime jobs. Often, these charities operate out of small places like basements or closets at houses of worship. Importantly, they rely on donations from members of the community as a primary source of food to distribute. Our charities are doing an incredible job on the front lines, but ending hunger will take a strong partnership between these organizations and Federal, State, and local governments. For our part, the Federal Government must continue to invest in our preeminent food and nutrition programs like SNAP, WIC, and The Emergency Food Assistance Program, known as TEFAP, just to name a few, and fight any attempts to cut or weaken them. TEFAP is especially important to our food banks, as they rely on this Federal funding to serve those in need. We know that strong Federal investments in these critical safety net programs reduce hunger, improve the diets of lowincome households, and save billions of dollars in healthcare costs. So the next time any of my colleagues try to score political points by demonizing Federal hunger programs, I ask you to think of these programs and the impacts they are having on constituents in each of our districts. I urge you to visit local food banks and charities and see all the incredible work they are doing to reduce hunger in our communities. Ask these organizations how the Federal antipoverty programs support their efforts to bring food to those most in need. I urge all my colleagues to remember this fact: Today, in the United States of America, the richest country in the history of the world, over 42 million of our fellow citizens are hungry. They are kids, senior citizens, people who can’t find work, and many people who are, in fact, working. They defy stereotypes. But all of them are our brothers and sisters, and we should care. We should absolutely do more than we are doing right now to end hunger in America. The Federal Government, working with charities and local partners, has, within its grasp, the power to end hunger now; what we lack is the political will. Let’s at long last create the political will and guarantee that, in our country, no one ever has to struggle with food insecurity or hunger. We can end hunger now. 
b1015 MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING FORMER CONGRESSMAN BILL BARRETT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH) for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of former Congressman Bill Barrett. He passed away earlier this week in his hometown of Lexington, Nebraska. Mr. Barrett devoted his life to service. From his speakership in the State legislature to the years he spent in Congress, he was known for being true to his word and bringing people together to get things done. Serving Nebraskans was his top priority, and his dedication to the Third District and our State set a lasting example for me and all who have sought to fill his shoes. Mr. Barrett was an influential conservative leader and a champion of agriculture. The Third District is now the topproducing agriculture district in the country, and we owe much of that to Mr. Barrett’s tireless work. His former staff have recounted how he would always ask: ‘‘Does this help the Third District?’’ He was a true statesman who sought to serve others rather than himself. He worked so hard representing the 60plus counties of the Third District for the 10 years that he served. I extend my condolences to Mr. Barrett’s wife and tremendous teammate, Elsie, and their family. Mr. Speaker, I would like to request a moment of silence. f 
CONGRESSIONAL INABILITY TO PASS THE NDAA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, this is a sagegrouse. I found out that the sage grouse have poor eyesight, so they often collide with barbed wire fences and other obstructions that are difficult to see. And these collisions are often fatal. But the sagegrouse looks like a keeneyed hawk compared to Congress. That is because the sagegrouse recently collided with the National Defense Authorization Act, and the nearsighted bird won. Hopefully this time it won’t be fatal. We were supposed to vote to send the NDAA to the President this week, but a disagreement between the House and the Senate Republicans about the sage grouse got egg all over the deal. That is right, a bill that authorizes over $600 billion in spending on wartime operations, weapons acquisition, servicemember benefits, and many other provisions critical to the defense of our country was taken down by a bird. But unlike the plane that landed in the Hudson River, Congress doesn’t seem to have a Captain Sully to rescue it from birdinduced mayhem. Don’t get me wrong. The NDAA has many problems. It redirects billions in critical funding towards a program the Defense Department does not want. It sidesteps the Bipartisan Budget Act compromise by requiring supplemental funding just to keep the Pentagon running. It contains a myriad of poison pill riders, from allowing contractors to engage in discrimination against the LGBTQ employees, to releasing tens of thousands of handguns into our communities with no background checks. All of these reasons are why I voted against the bill in committee and on the House floor. Nonetheless, the conference report is a compromise between the Senate and the House on complex issues ranging from funding operations against ISIS to military healthcare reform, a compromise on everything but this pesky bird. House Republicans stubbornly refuse to remove language that would prohibit the sagegrouse from being placed 
on the Endangered Species List, despite the fact that no one is trying to list it. Placing an animal on the Endangered Species List is a scientific decision not within the purview of Congress, and the administration has promised not to list the bird anyway, thanks to a compromise conservation plan. So the provision that is holding up the entire bill not only blatantly prioritizes politics over national security policy, it is legally meaningless. I think Speaker RYANput it best earlier this month when he said that playing politics over the NDAA is ‘‘shameless, and it threatens more than five decades of bipartisan cooperation to enact a national defense bill for our troops. The men and women who defend our country deserve better.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, then your party is chicken for prioritizing talking points over national security. The sagegrouse is such an important issue to House Republicans that it makes you wonder what they will do next to contain the serious national security threat. Perhaps we will soon hear calls to build a wall on the Canadian border to prevent sagegrouse from sending their chicks across the border, even though some, I assume, are good hatchlings. We may then hear about a plan to prevent sagegrouse from entering the country altogether until we find out what is going on. Maybe the Republicans will ban sagegrouse mating dances as breeding grounds for—well, if not terrorism, then, at least more sage grouse. But, seriously, colleagues, is this really what our constituents are most concerned about? It is time to focus on passing a bill that provides accountability on defense spending to taxpayers and is in line with the Bipartisan Budget Act. Our inability to overcome this pointless provision is just further evidence that this Congress is for or, in this case, against the birds. 
UNHCR’S BASH ISRAEL DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this week, world leaders are gathering in New York for the United Nations General Assembly, and throughout this whole process we are reminded yet again of just how broken the U.N. system really is. Nowhere is this more evident than at the U.N. Human Rights Council. What a misnomer. This body that is supposed to promote and defend human rights worldwide has become a tool used by human rights abusers. And the office that provides support to the Council, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, OHCHR, is no better, as it is overrun with an antiIsrael bias and an antiIsrael agenda. We see this play out each time the Council meets for its Bash Israel Day— yippee—a day dedicated to permanent Agenda Item 7, the only agenda item of the Council devoted to a single country, Israel. This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Council. In those 10 years, Mr. Speaker, there have been over 70 resolutions condemning Israel and about 65 resolutions for all of the other countries combined. Seventy on Israel, 65 for every other country. Countries like China, Russia, Vietnam, Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and Cuba use the Council as a way to detract attention from their abuses and play upon the natural anti Israel bias at the Council and the OHCHR. So tomorrow, when the Council meets to discuss Agenda Item 7, it will be another Bash Israel Day that the administration failed to prevent. It will be another example of how this administration’s influence fails to protect our friend and ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Instead of continuing to legitimize this sham of a body, Congress must withhold all contributions and participation at the Council and to the OHCHR, and call for the dissolution of the Council. The administration must press the High Commissioner to denounce Agenda Item 7 and work against the inherent antiIsrael bias of the Council and the Office of the High Commissioner of Human Rights. Earlier this year, Canadian Professor Michael Lynk was appointed as the Special Rapporteur for the Palestinian territories, despite his obvious bias and conflicts of interest, which we now know he lied about in his paperwork. This selection was so egregious that Canada’s Foreign Minister from Professor Lynk’s home country urged the U.N. to reconsider his appointment. The administration should echo those calls, but, instead, it has been silent. The administration should also lead an opposition to the upcoming reelection next week of Jean Ziegler as an adviser to the Council. Ziegler is a notorious puppet of the Castro regime and an avowed defender of dictators and apologists for Islamic extremist groups and had no business being elected the first time around, let alone being reelected. The Obama administration had an opportunity to block his candidacy while serving as the coordinator for the Western European and Others Group this year at the Council, but failed to do so; and now it looks as if Ziegler’s reelection is a done deal, thanks to the administration’s failure to act. The administration, Mr. Speaker, continues to argue that only by being engaged and only by being full members of the U.N. can it advance our interests and protect Israel. Yet, next month, UNESCO is set to adopt a resolution that seeks to whitewash the Jewish and Christian religious and historical ties to Jerusalem. And while we might not be voting members of the full UNESCO body, this administration is an active member of UNESCO’s executive committee, where this resolution was first approved. Where was our influence then? We can’t even prevent a resolution that wipes away Jewish and Christian ties to Jerusalem, despite these being historical facts. It is very apparent that either the administration has no influence at the U.N. or the administration has no desire to upset the entrenched and damaged status quo. That is why it is up to Congress, Mr. Speaker, to force the change at the U.N. I urge all of my colleagues to take a long, hard look at the Human Rights Council as a representation of all that is wrong and bad with the U.N., and to make reforming the U.N. a priority going forward. It will be up to us. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 1956 HUNGARIAN REVOLUTION AGAINST THE SOVIET UNION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to engage in a colloquy with my very able colleague from Florida, Congressman DENNIS ROSS. And perhaps as we begin, we can welcome into our midst the very able Ambassador from Hungary to the United States, Ms. Reka Szemerkenyi. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS). Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) for yielding. And I do wish to say hello to our good friend from Hungary, Ambassador Szemerkenyi. I am grateful, quite frankly, to have this opportunity, Mr. Speaker, as I rise today to recognize the 60th anniversary of the Hungarian Revolution and Freedom Fight. Sixty years ago this October, Hungary stood tall in the shadows of communism and said: Enough is enough— eleg volt. Hungarian schoolchildren and college students took up arms against the totalitarian government and its Soviet policies. On October 23, 1956, approximately 20,000 protesters convened next to the statue of General Jozef Bem, a national hero of Hungary. Despite orders to disband, protestors tore down a 30foot bronze statue of Stalin near the city’s Heroes’ Square. The following morning, power was consolidated and a new multiparty government was formed. The Hungarian Revolution spread like wildfire throughout the countryside. On November 1, Prime Minister Imre Nagy announced Hungary’s withdrawal from the Warsaw Pact and a declaration of neutrality. Embarrassed by the uprising, the USSR sent Soviet tanks and troops across the Hungarian border. Unfortunately, thousands of Hungarian civilians were killed, and the communistbacked government in Budapest was reinstalled. In the months that followed the Hungarian Revolution, more than 20,000 
Hungarians were imprisoned, 229 were executed, and more than 200,000 were forced to flee across the world. Many of the Hungarians, named ‘‘56ers’’ because of the year that this happened, sought new lives in the United States with the help of Hungarian Americans, many of whom live in my good friend, Ms. KAPTUR ’s district. My own parents were married in the Hungarian Catholic Church, St. Emeric, also located in Ms. KAPTUR ’s district. And as a child and grandchild of Hungarian Americans who helped 56ers, I am honored to sponsor this resolution with my good friend from Ohio in commemoration of the 60th anniversary of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution. I would like to thank my Hungarian American Caucus cochairs: Ms. KAPTUR, ANDYHARRIS , and D AVID JOYCE . Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for organizing this event this morning, and I wish to also say that the 1956 Hungarian Revolution was a breakpoint historical event that marked a turning point in the cold war. It took great courage by those who participated during that unforgettable period as freedom fighters in Budapest and across that country stood tall in opposition to the communistinstalled Hungarian people’s false government and its Sovietimposed repression. b1030 You can travel to Budapest, Hungary, today, and you can see the bullet holes and the tank markings in some of the old, old buildings in that country. We know over 2,500 Hungarians died, 20,000 were imprisoned, and over 200,000 more fled as refugees. Congressman ROSS has referenced certain individuals in my own region. Some of those refugees came to Ohio, including men like Reverend Martin Hernady, who ministered his entire life in Ohio serving the Hungarian diaspora, and the Ujvagi family of Toledo, whose compassion, patriotism, and genius have meant so much to our community and to me, personally. In October and November of 1956, the country at the heart of the European Continent underwent 3 weeks of political turmoil that shook the region and exposed the ideological fissures behind the Iron Curtain. The movie, ‘‘Torn From the Flag,’’ I recommend to all of our colleagues. It gives people living today a sense of what happened during that fateful period. During the 60th anniversary of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution and its freedom fight, we commemorate tens of thousands of Hungarians who took to the streets to protest the heavyhanded invasion by the Soviet Union. Their heroism is legendary, and it has made a difference in world history. They showed a united front and one that called upon their government to promote democratic ideals and unification. This moment in time was encapsulated in a statement by the thendirector of the Hungarian News Agency just before his untimely death in the revolution. He said: ‘‘We are going to die for Hungary and for Europe.’’ In the years since the 1956 Hungarian Revolution, Hungary has made progress toward democratic reform and has since become a member of the European Union and NATO. Its award of Nobel Prizes in every single scientific and cultural field is a testimony to the talent and to the abilities of the people of that country. So like Congressman ROSS, as co chair of the Congressional Hungarian Caucus, I remain dedicated to continuing channels of cooperation to further these efforts and to ensure that the principles of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution are fully realized. I think the Partnership for Peace initiative between our respective militaries is a foundation stone to build our continuing relationship forward and support the revolution recognizing this important moment in world history in the 20th century. May I say, long live liberty and long live Hungary. I thank the gentleman, all the members of our Congressional Hungarian Caucus, and, again, I thank the Ambassador from Hungary for being here with us today and all of our colleagues for listening. 
FATHER PATRICK RYAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life and work of Father Patrick Ryan. Father Ryan, the pastor of Saints Peter and Paul’s parish in Chattanooga from 1872 to 1878, was a shepherd who gave his life in ministering to his flock. He died a martyr’s death in the yellow fever epidemic of 1878 when he was only 33 years old. Perhaps his most notable accomplishment in the Chattanooga community was the opening of Notre Dame Academy, under the direction of the Dominican Sisters, which is the oldest private school in the city. The school had been in operation for little more than 2 years when it had to be converted into a hospital and orphanage because of the terrible yellow fever scourge in the city. Although many people left the city as the disease spread, Father Ryan and Jonathan W. Bachman, pastor of the First Presbyterian church, were among the 1,800 people remaining in the city. They were good friends, and when Father Ryan was stricken, he was visited by Dr. Bachman. Father Ryan is described by an eyewitness as ‘‘going from house to house in the worst infected section of the city to find what he could do for the sick and needy.’’ He continued ministering to his flock, after he himself had contracted the dreaded disease, to within 48 hours of his death. In 1901, when the Chattanooga Council of the Knights of Columbus was organized, it was named the Father Patrick Ryan Council in honor of the priest who, by his high ideals, his devotion to duty, his spirit of sacrifice for his congregation and his city, seemed to exemplify the aims and purposes of the new order. Several letters have been written in support of the cause of beatification and canonization of Father Patrick Ryan, including the Notarial Act of the Bishop of Knoxville, the Most Reverend Richard Stika; the letter naming Reverend J. David Carter as Episcopal Delegate and Promoter of Justice for the Cause of Beatification and Canonization; and a letter naming Deacon Gaspar DeGaetano as Vice Postulator for the Cause of Beatification and Canonization. I believe it is most appropriate to honor a man who sacrificed himself to provide comfort to the people in Chattanooga who were afflicted with yellow fever so long ago. f 
BLACK LIVES MATTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about a crisis in our communities and our country. I have watched in horror, day after day, as people of color are shot by the police officers sworn to protect them. Now, we all know that the vast majority of law enforcement officers are committed to serving their communities, and many do incredible work despite dangerous and sometimes life threatening conditions. I commend all of those speaking out and working against the injustices of some. Tragically, as we have witnessed in Dallas and Baton Rouge, innocent police officers have been the victims of violence as well. However, these tragedies do not change the underlying reality that our criminal justice system is broken. Since Michael Brown was shot in Ferguson 2 years ago, 2,195 people have been killed by police in our Nation. As a mother of two Black men and the grandmother of five Black grandchildren, I worry that someone I love could become number 2,196. Each time we lose a precious life to fear, distrust, and prejudice, the list of things that will get you killed as a Black person in America gets a little longer. Today I want to spend a little time going through that list. Now you can get killed for going to buy a bag of Skittles, like Trayvon Martin; or even get killed for riding on New Year’s Day, for instance, in the subway in the Bay Area like Oscar Grant. This is a subway card. Or maybe you can get killed for selling cigarettes, like Eric Garner. Or you can get killed for selling CDs, like Alton Sterling. This is a CD. You can also be 
killed reaching for your wallet, like Philando Castile. It doesn’t matter if you are a child. If you are a Black boy, you can be killed playing with a toy gun. That is a toy gun. Now, that was what happened to Tamir Rice; he was 12. That is what happened to Tyre King last week; he was 13. Or you can be killed for a missing front license plate like Samuel DuBose. Heaven help you if you are driving a car. You can be killed for not signaling a lane change, like Sandra Bland, or for having a broken brake light, like Walter Scott, or for breaking down on a highway, like Terrence Crutcher. Now, should any of this warrant a death sentence? Is this the America you want to live in? In 2016, when you are Black, too often you are seen as a threat first and a person second. When my boys were young, I had some tough conversations with them about how to interact with police. I taught them that Black boys don’t get the benefit of the doubt. I told them, to some, it doesn’t matter who you are— it just matters what you look like. I shouldn’t have had to have these conversations with them. This is America. Parents shouldn’t have to live in fear that one day they will have the same call that Michael Brown’s mother got, that Sandra Bland’s mother got, that Dontre Hamilton’s mother got, or that Oscar Grant’s mother got. We need action here on the floor of Congress and in communities across the country. Enough is enough. We cannot stay silent while these murders continue unchecked. We must act now. That is why, today, members of the Congressional Black Caucus will march to the Department of Justice to demand action—because Black lives do matter. 
OPIOID ADDICTION WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, opioid and drug addiction are wreaking havoc in communities and States across the Nation. Hospitals and first responders are stretched to the limit. Families and friends are trying to get their loved ones the help they so desperately need. The disease of addiction has become all too common in our States and in our neighborhoods, but it is still hidden behind a stigma, a fear of asking for help. That is why we are marking this week as Prescription Drug and Opioid Epidemic Awareness Week, to spread the word and to encourage those struggling with addiction to get the help that they need. My district in West Virginia has some of the highest drug overdose rates in the Nation, but I want to highlight how our cities and counties are fighting back. On August 15, my hometown of Huntington faced a true crisis as call after call came in of people who had overdosed on heroin. It has become far too common in Huntington for first responders to go out on a few calls a day for people who have overdosed, but this August day was unlike any other. Within a few hours, 28 people overdosed, likely from just one batch of heroin—28 people in 5 hours in a city of less than 50,000 people. Our first responders—EMTs and police—carry an opioidreversing drug and rushed to their aid. Time and time again, they brought people back from the brink of death. Without the tireless work of the first responders and our healthcare workers, Huntington would have lost many more lives. Possibly the most victimized of all the victims of the drug crisis is a newborn baby having to suffer through withdrawal after birth from exposure to drugs during pregnancy. Along with a group of passionate healthcare professionals and community leaders, a facility called Lily’s Place was opened. For more than a year now, over 100 newborn babies have received the care they need to get through the effects of withdrawal. Another story of a community coming together to combat the drug crisis is from Mercer County. Mercer County Fellowship Home focuses on treating men suffering from substance abuse, working to make them productive members of society again. A current resident said that, thanks to the help he received there, he now has the confidence to stay employed and to further his education. The director of Mercer County Fellowship, Jim McClanahan, said it best when he told me: Opiates are ruining and taking lives. We are giving them opportunities so that no one person or family has to continue living life scared and feeling as if they don’t count or matter. 
Centers like the Mercer County Fellowship Home offer those addicted to drugs and opioids a chance to change their lives and their communities. These are just three examples of how our cities and towns are making a difference. Sometimes it is our first responders saving lives of those who have overdosed, giving them an opportunity to get the help they need, or a caring group of healthcare professionals and community leaders developing a new model of care so drugexposed babies can have the best chance at a healthy start in life. Other times the help comes in the form of a welcoming group of people who are committed to recovery. We can stop the opioid epidemic and heal our cities, our towns, and our States. In these tough times, we must come together and find solutions. Here in the House, we have shown what we can do working together. We passed CARA with overwhelming bipartisan support. There is hope in West Virginia, and there is hope in the United States. There is help available for those in need. Together, we can make a difference. f 
b1045 CONGRATULATING MAINE ENDWELL LITTLE LEAGUE TEAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. HANNA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the young men of the MaineEndwell Little League team on their outstanding victory at the Little League World Series championship game. With an ending score of 2–1, the MaineEndwell Little League team triumphed over South Korea to become the first American team to win the overall title since 2011, and the first New York team to win the title since 1964. The game was played in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, with a reported 23,211 people in attendance. It was a perfect ending to MaineEndwell’s undefeated season of 24–0. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize the MaineEndwell team today, the 2016 Little League World Series champions. On behalf of the United States Congress, and the 22nd Congressional District of New York, I congratulate each of you for a job well done. To the team members—Jude Abbadessa, Billy Dundon, Jayden Fanara, James Fellows, Ryan Harlost, Jack Hopko, Michael Mancini, Jordan Owens, Brody Raleigh, Conner Rush, and Justin Ryan—congratulations to each and every one of you. To the coaches—Scott Rush, Joe Hopko, and Joe Mancini—congratulations, again, from a grateful community and a grateful country. 
LET’S SEE TO IT THAT JUSTICE IS COLORBLIND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this is a historic week in the United States as we dedicate and open the National Museum of African American History and Culture. It starts with a story of African Americans being brought to this country as slaves from Africa, not citizens but property, and considered such until they were freed, some through the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863, and others through an amendment to the Constitution. Even after that, they weren’t really considered full citizens, as there was Jim Crow segregation, and that continued for over 100 years. Today, we see African Americans are still threatened. I woke up Tuesday morning to the shocking video of Mr. Crutcher being shot while his hands were up and on a car, following apparent instructions from police, and was shot to death. It is one of the most shocking videos I have seen. There is 
no way to defend what happened. At best, it was gross negligence; at worst, it was murder. This has been happening too often in the United States. I support police. My first job out of law school was an attorney for the police department. I worked 3
1⁄2years for the police. I understand their importance, and I support them. But police who are not well trained are doing a disservice to their profession and to the United States. This morning on ‘‘Morning Joe,’’ former Congressman Joe Scarborough, a Republican Member of this House, said two things are necessary in light of the shootings, and particularly the Crutcher shooting in Tulsa, Oklahoma. One is body cameras and cameras on all police vehicles so we can see, as we did in Oklahoma, exactly what occurred. And, secondly, independent prosecutors, prosecutors from outside the jurisdiction to see to it that justice is served. There is a bill in this Congress that LACY CLAY, myself, every member of the Congressional Black Caucus, and nearly 90 Members of this House are cosponsors of. That is a bill that will require police training towards racial sensitivity and understanding of different cultures, independent prosecutors for States to determine how they would set it up, and a requirement for States to have independent prosecutors in law enforcement killings of American citizens. This is necessary for people to believe and to know that justice is, indeed, blind and justice is being meted out. There is no way to look at Tulsa, but to see there was either inadequate training or there was racial profiling and insensitivity that ended in the death of Mr. Crutcher. It is so sad as we open the National Museum of African American History and Culture to see that African Americans still are not being treated the same as others in our Nation. It is not a mere coincidence that every shooting by a police person videoed has an African American victim. Nobody can say that Mr. Crutcher was resisting arrest or possibly had a gun or brandished a pistol. None of those things occurred. He was following instructions. I ask my Republican colleagues, none of whom are sponsors of my bill, to consider coming on to the bill. The bill is important for justice in America. It is important for people to know there is justice. And in this week, as we look to the National Museum of African American History and Culture opening and the recognition of rights that people have, and the understanding that they are human beings and part of America, who built America, literally built America as slaves and built this building, we need to go forward and see to it that justice is colorblind and justice is meted out. CHANGING OUR BROKEN SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about embarrassment. Next week, the Congress of the United States will once again have to refer on and go back to funding our Federal Government with an ad hoc continuing resolution. Federal law requires the Congress of the United States to pass a budget each year. It requires the Congress of the United States to pass 12 appropriations bills each year by September 30, which is coming up next week. I came to Congress in 2011, Mr. Speaker. Since then, we have passed zero regular order appropriations out of the 72 required by law—zero. And yet, we have been able to find some way to pass 20 shortterm continuing resolution appropriations bills that have no reforms to spending, they have no reforms to policy, and we have passed five 2,000page omnibus spending bills. Somehow we were able to do those two things, but we weren’t able to pass 12 simple appropriations bills to properly manage the taxpayers’ money. I have heard it said that Americans are disappointed with Congress. In fact, I am a little surprised that we have an 18 percent approval rating right now. Maybe we have a lot of family members or some folks back home who aren’t paying attention to what is going on here. We wonder why out of the $3.8 trillion of taxpayer dollars that we have received here in the Congress of the United States each year are not being managed correctly by the only body that can actually manage it. Why in the world aren’t they fixing this problem and passing their spending bills in regular order in front of the American people where they can see it and do it instead of these ad hoc spending bills? Mr. Speaker, each year that I have been in Congress, I have authored a bill that would change our broken system and begin to fix this system that doesn’t work. I would propose to you that 0 out of 72 is not a very good batting record. It is called the Biennial Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act. In fact, today, it has 237 cosponsors of the majority in this House. When I introduced the bill last year, I introduced it with 108 original cosponsors that signed on with me when we introduced it. That represents, by the way, Mr. Speaker, 50 percent of the whole House of Representatives. It represents 63 percent of the elected Republican leadership in this House. It represents 29 percent of the minority party. Fifty Democrats have joined with Republicans and said: we need to fix this broken system. Seventytwo percent of the majority party support this reform. Sixtyeight percent of committee chairmen support this reform. Sixtyseven percent of subcommittee chairmen support this reform. Sixtyfive percent of the Republican Steering Committee, the leadership of this House of Representatives, support this reform. It was referred to the Budget Committee where 56 percent support this reform. It was also referred to the Rules Committee where 54 percent support this reform. And yet, there has been no vote on this in the House. 237 cosponsors represent 168 million American people whose voices have been squashed and been silenced by our lack of inaction. Mr. Speaker, I started by saying I want to talk about embarrassment. I am embarrassed for the Congress of the United States. I am proud of the effort that has been done here, and I am proud of the people and Members of Congress who have stood up to finally fix this broken system and said: enough is enough. I am proud of Senator ENZIand Senator INHOFE over in the U.S. Senate trying to advance the same types of reforms there. But I am embarrassed for the Congress of the United States. I am embarrassed for our leadership. I am embarrassed because we haven’t been able to do what is right, even though the majority of us agree that this is better than what we have, that this is a step forward. But I want to tell you, Mr. Speaker, what I am more than embarrassed about. I am disappointed. Because the only people in the country that can fix this is the Congress of the United States. Since 1974, when the Budget Act was put in place, the Congress of the United States has failed to pass its budget and its appropriations bills required by law every single year for 42 years. They have not been able to do it on time even once. Some people will argue that this isn’t the best fix and may not be the perfect fix, but I will tell you right now, Mr. Speaker, it is better than 0 out of 72 for sure. I call on the Speaker of the House to bring this bill to the floor and let 168 million Americans finally be heard. 
COLOMBIAFARC PEACE DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, in the coming weeks, the sovereign people of Colombia will decide, in a historic referendum, whether to approve or reject the agreement reached between the Colombian Government and the terrorist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, commonly known as FARC. I have made it a priority to hear from stakeholders on either side of this issue, and I remain concerned about the impact the deal could have on Colombia, as well as its broader effects on the region, especially given the drastic increase in coca production in recent years. My concerns are shared by many Americans of Colombian descent who 
call south Florida home, and who I am proud to represent in this body. Throughout the process, the FARC has demanded immunity, impunity, and political legitimacy, but we cannot ignore the thousands viciously murdered by this terrorist organization— people who were innocent victims and who demand justice that goes beyond special tribunals that offer relatively mild punishments. Throughout the decades, the FARC recruited children to serve its corrupt cause. American citizens were kidnapped and victimized by them. It is hard to believe that the FARC was an honest partner in the peace process, and allowing them to participate in the political process has been viewed as a generous and perhaps dangerous concession. The Colombian people will be voting on the deal next month after more than half a century of war. This is a decision exclusively for the Colombian people to make. However, those of us who cherish the U.S.Colombia relationship, who care deeply for Colombia and its future, and who are privileged to represent many in our country’s ColombianAmerican community must be sincere and, with respect, express our concerns, while at the same time renewing our commitment to the strong partnership between our two nations. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss one of the most serious issues facing the United States—the staggering Federal deficit, which is expected to be onethird larger this year. According to the Congressional Budget Office, our Federal budget deficit will be $590 billion, compared with a $438 billion deficit last year. Future projections don’t appear to be optimistic either, with OMB reports stating that the deficit will rise to 4.6 percent of GDP by 2026. For comparison, the average deficit as a share of GDP from 1966 to 2015 was 2.8 percent. These figures make it abundantly clear that Congress must work toward solutions that will address our Nation’s deficit and get our fiscal house back in order. Every day, families in south Florida sit around the dinner table and make tough decisions on how they will spend their money. They stick to their budgets, and their government should be no different. Last October, I was proud to support a 2year bipartisan budget agreement that implemented new caps on discretionary spending for both fiscal years 2016 and 2017. b1100 Too often, enormous sums are wasted due to unpredictable budget cycles and government shutdown threats. With the adoption of this 2year budget, Congress was able to reduce wasteful government spending by providing certainty to agencies as they plan for the future. The budget also contains real reforms to entitlement programs, which is the largest percentage of national debt. It is important that we protect programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid—the invaluable safety net for those who need the help—while working to implement reforms to make these programs solvent for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance solutions that will reduce our Federal deficit. It is our duty as elected officials to leave our children and grandchildren with the same economic opportunities as my generation, and that is my main priority in Congress. A‘‘BETTER WAY ’’ AGENDA  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the House Republicans’ Better Way agenda to reform the way Congress does business by promoting solutions that will benefit Americans across the country. I am proud to have supported numerous bills within the Better Way agenda, including two education bills that are expected to pass the House this week. The Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, of which I am an original cosponsor, provides students with the tools to succeed in a variety of fields, including the technology and healthcare sectors, by simplifying the process of applying for Federal funds. This legislation also increases transparency, ensuring effective programs that allow students, teachers, and parents to attain their goals. This year, I had the opportunity to serve on the Poverty, Opportunity, and Upward Mobility Task Force and suggested that we focus on the most vulnerable in our communities—atrisk youth. I am proud the Better Way agenda included a plan to reduce poverty for children and was proud to introduce the bipartisan Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act. This legislation sets kids up for longterm success by giving State and local leaders the flexibility to better meet the specific needs of at risk children in their communities. 
ADDRESSING THE MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter from which I am going to read some excerpts. This includes a letter that we are sending to Majority Leader MCCONNELL and Minority Leader R EIDin the Senate. Let me read a few excerpts from this. We are asking the Senate to pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act before the district work period break. Delays in enacting this into law will contribute to more crime, violence, homelessness, and the daily deaths of 959 Americans as a result of mental illness. We know that there is a critical shortage of qualified providers. There are only 9,000 child and adolescent psychiatrists for 17 million children, and we need 30,000. African Americans are half as likely to receive psychiatric care, and for Hispanics with a mental disorder, fewer than 1 in 11 sees a mental health specialist. Fiftyfive percent of counties in America do not have a practicing psychiatrist, psychologist, or social worker. The average time between the onset of the first symptoms of psychosis and the first treatment is 80 weeks. There is a nationwide shortage of 100,000 psychiatric beds, which means people are often diverted to jails, are boarded in emergency rooms, or are released without treatment. There is no oversight, monitoring, or enforcement of the 10 yearold parity law, and persons with eating disorders still cannot get coverage for their treatment. The Federal Government spends about $130 billion annually by 112 agencies across eight separate departments, but the GAO exposed that these have nearly no coordination and do not require evidencebased practices. In terms of violence, those with untreated psychosis are 15 times more likely to be violent or not in treatment. With regard to jail, over 50 percent of those in jail have a mental illness. Mentally ill inmates cost taxpayers three times more than those without a mental illness, and individuals with a mental illness are four to six times more likely to be victims of sexual violence. With regard to homelessness, over onethird of homeless Americans have a serious mental illness, and people with serious mental illness are three times more likely to be in poverty. Having a serious mental illness is worse for someone’s health than is chronic heavy smoking, and those with serious mental illness tend to die 10 to 25 years prematurely, meaning over 350,000 Americans will die this year as a direct or indirect result of mental illness. So far this year, over 255,000 have died. H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, is the most transformational crisis mental health reform bill in 50 years. It passed the House with near unanimous support on July 16, 2016, with a vote of 422–2. It reforms the Federal Government approach to mental health by establishing the critically important leadership position of Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use Disorders, who must be a doctor and who will bring accountability, effectiveness, and coordination to the Federal Government’s programs and will develop a national strategy to increase the mental health workforce. It increases the number of psychiatrists, psychologists, and psychiatric nurses to treat serious mental illness. It provides funding for telemental health to increase access in underserved areas. It provides additional 
psychiatric beds. It requires the oversight and enforcement of parity laws and extends coverage to people with eating disorders. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act has been endorsed by more than 40 professional organizations, by 77 newspapers, and has 207 bipartisan cosponsors. We write with the vital request that the Senate take up and pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act in order to fix our Nation’s mental health system. It must take priority over any partisan divide. We, respectfully, ask that the Senate advance this bill to provide treatment before tragedy and to provide desperately needed and fully deserved help. Along these lines, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to also contact my office to cosign this letter that pleads with the Senate to please move this bill quickly so that we don’t have to see more tragedy, so that we can provide treatment, so that we can relieve Americans of this terrible scourge of mental illness without treatment, and so that we may provide quick and lifesaving action because, where there is no help, there is no hope. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, September 22, 2016. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. HARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  MINORITY LEADER REID: We are in the midst of a mental health crisis in America. One in five Americans will experience mental illness this year. There are 10 million adults with a serious mental illness (SMI), but nearly 40% do not receive treatment. The reasons for this are a critical shortage of qualified providers, a dearth of crisis psychiatric beds, failed mental health parity implementation, and most importantly the absence of strong federal leadership. We are asking the Senate to pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act before their district work period break. Delays in enacting this into law will contribute to more crime, violence, homelessness, and the daily deaths of 959 Americans as a result of a mental illness. The level of this crisis was learned during the 4 year long House investigation, the major findings of which are listed below. 
CRITICAL SHORTAGE OF QUALIFIED PROVIDERS  There are 9,000 Child and Adolescent Psychiatrists for 17 million children with a mental health condition, but there is a need for 30,000; African Americans are half as likely to receive psychiatric treatment; For Hispanics with a mental disorder, fewer than 1 in 11 see a mental health specialist; 55% of counties do not have a practicing psychiatrist, psychologist, or social worker; 72% of states have a shortage of psychiatric nurses; Over the last decade the total number of physicians has increased by 45% but the number of psychiatrists has only increased 12%; The average time between onset of first symptoms of psychosis and first treatment is 80 weeks. 
DEARTH OF PSYCHIATRIC CRISIS BEDS  There is a nationwide shortage of 100,000 crisis psychiatric beds; In 1955 there were 550,000 psychiatric beds, but today there are only 40,000; Only one state (Mississippi) has enough beds to meet the minimum standard; When patients are in crisis they are often diverted to jails, boarded in Emergency Rooms, or released without treatment. PARITY  It has been nearly a decade since parity became law, yet there is no oversight, monitoring or enforcement; Americans with eating disorders still cannot get coverage of their treatment. 
FAILED FEDERAL LEADERSHIP  In the area of mental health, the federal government spends $130 billion annually by 112 agencies across 8 separate departments; In a stunning and groundbreaking report the GAO exposed that federal mental health programs have nearly no coordination, few evaluations, and four out of five do not require evidencebased practices; 55% of Medicaid funding goes to 5% of the Medicaid population and nearly all of those patients have a mental health condition. 
VIOLENCE  While individuals with a mental health condition are NOT more violent than the general public, those with untreated psychosis are 15 times more likely to be violent when not in treatment; 80 percent of violent acts committed by those with untreated psychosis are attributable directly to their illness. 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE  Of those Americans in local jails 64% have mental illness, 56% in state prison, and 45% in federal prison; Mentally ill inmates cost taxpayers three times more than those without a mental illness; Incarcerating someone with a mental illness is 20 times more expensive than community treatment; Over 70% of people in jails with serious mental illness also have a substance use disorder; Individuals with a mental illness are 4 to 6 times more likely to be the victim of sexual violence. 
HOMELESSNESS AND POVERTY  Over onethird of Americans experiencing homelessness have a serious mental illness. People with serious mental illness are three times more likely to be in poverty. 
PREVENTABLE DEATHS  Having a serious mental illness is worse for someone’s health than chronic heavy smoking; Those with a serious mental illness die 10– 25 years prematurely; There are 43,000 suicides, and 90% of those suicides have mental illness as a contributing factor; 350,000 Americans die each year as a direct or indirect result of a mental illness. 
H.R. 2646 The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, the most transformational crisis mental health reform bill in 50 years, passed the House with near unanimous support on July 16, 2016 by a vote of 422–2. Our legislation delivers treatment before tragedy and fixes the problems above identified by the House investigations. The legislation: Reforms the federal government approach to mental health by establishing the critically important leadership position of Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use Disorders (who must be a doctor) to replace the Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration; The Assistant Secretary will bring accountability, effectiveness, and coordination to the federal government’s 112 mental health programs, and develop a national strategy for increasing the mental health workforce; Increases the number of providers for SMI by supporting postdoctoral psychologists, authorizing minority fellowships, allowing doctors to volunteer at federally qualified community health centers, and provides funding for telemental health to increase access in underserved areas; Provides additional psychiatric hospital beds for those experiencing an acute mental health crisis and in need of short term immediate inpatient care for stabilization; Requires oversight and enforcement of parity and extends parity coverage to eating disorders; Establishes a National Mental Health Policy Laboratory to set objective and scientific outcome measures for mental health spending; Authorizes the Suicide Prevention Hotline; Incentivizes states to provide community based alternatives to jails, prisons, and institutionalization. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act is the product of years of collaboration between dedicated members of Congress, as well as numerous organizations, who came together to offer feedback and suggestions. The bill has also been endorsed by more than 40 professional organizations, 77 editorial boards and newspapers, 207 bipartisan Members of Congress, and hundreds of individual physicians, patients, and families. Given the urgency of the mental health crisis in America, we write with the vital request that the Senate take up and pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act before you break for district work period. We understand the nature of the short schedule during the month of September, but we maintain that fixing our nation’s mental health system must take priority over scheduling or any partisan divide. We know that every day more than 900 lives are lost in our nation due—directly or indirectly—to mental health. That translates to over 70,000 preventable deaths since the House passed H.R. 2646 in July. At a time when thousands of lives are on the line, delays and politics cannot overrule compassion and common sense. We respectfully ask you to advance this bill to provide treatment before tragedy, and H.R. 2646 will provide desperately needed, and fully deserved, help. We call on you to pass H.R. 2646 because where there is help, there is hope. Sincerely, TIMMURPHY , PhD. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , RN. f 
PROTECTING AMERICA’S BORDERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of a simple yet important piece of border security legislation that I hope to see signed into law shortly. This legislation will help to secure our borders, save taxpayer dollars, and help the men and women who have served our Nation honorably to continue to serve and protect America in much needed, technologically advanced positions. My legislation makes a simple fix that would allow the Customs and Border Patrol Commissioner to waive the polygraph requirement for soontobe 
veterans who seek employment as UAV pilots within the Department of Homeland Security who come from the Department of Defense with current security clearances. The DOD typically invests a significant amount of training and career development resources in these men and women, and to lose their talent due to a lapse in interdepartmental communication is a detriment to our country. Under the current system, when soontobe veterans who are unmanned aerial vehicle, or UAV, pilots wish to apply for a UAV position at the DHS, they are placed on a wait list until more money and time is used to determine if these veterans meet DHS security guidelines despite having already passed similar security background checks performed by the Department of Defense. This creates a near impossible bottleneck where veterans can be stuck for months or years in waiting on redundant procedures, forcing most to drop their applications and go elsewhere to find employment. The result of this bureaucratic inefficiency is that veterans who have valuable skills that can help protect our Nation and in whom we have invested millions of dollars in training are lost to other jobs. This leaves DHS Border Protection positions unfilled and our borders more vulnerable. The country’s security, veterans, and taxpayers all lose in this equation. This legislation works to solve three key problems by creating job opportunities for veterans, securing the borders, and saving taxpayer dollars. It is just plain common sense, and I urge the full consideration and adoption of this measure. 
A GREAT MINNESOTA LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Hormel Foods CEO Jeffrey Ettinger on his upcoming retirement. Hormel is a recognized Minnesota leader in food processing. The company started in Austin, Minnesota, in 1891 and is best known for giving us the famous canned ham—Spam. Jeffrey’s career at Hormel Foods has now spanned nearly three decades. From starting out as a corporate attorney in 1989 to eventually becoming the CEO in 2005, Jeffrey has played a crucial role in Hormel’s success. Jeffrey encouraged a focus on new product innovation, and under his leadership, Hormel has continued to grow and thrive. During his time with Hormel, Jeffrey has even been recognized as one of the world’s best CEOs by Barron’s— a true tribute to his work ethic and excellence. While he is retiring as CEO, Jeffrey’s leadership at Hormel will go on, as he will continue to serve as chairman of the board. Congratulations on your retirement, Jeffrey, and thank you for all of the work you have done for Hormel Foods so that it remains a leading company in the food industry both in Minnesota and in our great country. TOP HONORS FOR ANOKA RAMSEY COMMUNITY  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Minnesota’s very own AnokaRamsey Community College, which has recently been named one of the top 10 community colleges in the United States. This placement has made AnokaRamsey Community College a contender for the 2017 Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence. It is no surprise to me that Anoka Ramsey, the sole Minnesota contender to be recognized, has been chosen for this prestigious award given its stellar reputation throughout our community. This fine higher learning institution is wellknown for affordable tuition, a high success rate of students who graduate, as well as high achievement rates for students of every ethnicity and background. A good education can open doors in life. Thank you, AnokaRamsey, for handing our students the key. Good luck in the competition, and congratulations on your success. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Joy and Matthew Molitor, from Minnesota’s Sixth District, who received an Angels in Adoption Award this year. The Molitors’ adoption story began in 2011. While on a trip to Haiti, they decided to adopt two young children, Wilson and Catherine. For the next 3
1⁄2 years, the Molitors visited Haiti 15 times while patiently waiting to take their children home. In 2015, the Molitors received the devastating news that their paperwork was no longer valid and that the Haitian Government was no longer allowing simple adoptions. This did not stop them. For the next 4 months, Joy walked from one government agency to the next, despite the unstable political environment in the country. She was determined not to leave Haiti without her children. As a result of Joy’s resolve, she eventually retained the visas for her children, and they were able to go home to Minnesota together. Joy and Matthew Molitor are the perfect example of the lengths one will go because of a parent’s love. I am proud to recognize them today. Thank you, Joy and Matthew, and congratulations on your Angels in Adoption Award. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. It is time to bring awareness to this heartless disease and to the demands and challenges of the families affected. Childhood cancer is an especially important topic in our office. My deputy chief of staff, Robert Boland’s daughter, Abigail, was diagnosed with retinoblastoma, which is a rare cancer that affects the eyes, when she was only 2 months old. Thankfully, Abigail survived her cancer and is a happy, growing little girl. Abigail and her parents are fortunate, but they, like all families who deal with childhood cancer, had many a sleepless night. No parent should ever have to watch a child fight a lifethreatening disease. Unfortunately, that is not the case for many. Every year in the United States, there are more than 15,000 children who are diagnosed with cancer. Statistics show that 80 percent of childhood cancer cases are diagnosed only after the disease has already metastasized and spread. This makes research absolutely necessary. That is why we must spread the word and raise awareness. All children deserve a future, and it is vital that we do everything in our power to help give them that chance. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD K. ‘‘DICK’’ BLAKE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, it is, indeed, an honor and a pleasure to recognize the lifetime achievements of Richard K. ‘‘Dick’’ Blake, who is retiring after 40 years of service on the Rockledge City Council. He is the longest serving elected official on Florida’s east coast and is a true servant heart leader. The grandson of freed slaves, Dick Blake was one of 10 children growing up in Rockledge, Florida. He attended Cocoa’s African American Monroe High School, where he became an allstar athlete and model student. After graduating from Florida A&M University, Dick returned to Monroe High School to coach basketball and football and also to teach biology and math. While coaching during the era of segregated education, he gained statewide notoriety as his basketball teams dominated the Florida Interscholastic Athletic Association. b1115 In fact, Dick helped pave the way for integration in Brevard County by arranging exhibition basketball games, which helped to foster race relations by bringing children, families, and communities together under the spirit of sports competition. In so doing, he touched the lives of so many talented players and students. In 1966, Dick became the first Black assistant principal at Cocoa High School, and later became the principal, serving in that position for 22 years. A staunch believer in the power of education, Dick earned a bachelor of science degree from Claflin University, a master of science degree from Columbia University, and a master of science degree from Florida A&M University. 
In July 2011, the city of Rockledge named a park in honor of Dick’s legendary accomplishments as an athlete and sports official, educator, school administrator, elected community servant, and leader in civil rights and racial equality issues. I have served with Dick in local government and in many volunteer efforts over the years, and he is someone I and literally thousands and thousands of others greatly admire. Over the course of his life, he has witnessed injustice, but Dick has always remained positive. Dick is the type of person that if he encountered lemons, he made lemonade. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting Dick Blake’s achievements and his service to our community and our country. May God continue to bless Dick Blake and the United States of America. 
AMERICAN PHARMACISTS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize October 2016 as American Pharmacists Month. During the month of October, we recognize the pharmacists across America who work each day to guarantee that Americans have access to important and often lifesaving medications. As the only pharmacist in Congress, I am proud to recognize the work that pharmacists across America are doing to ensure our Nation’s health. Every day, pharmacists counsel patients on prescriptions and overthecounter medications, helping to relieve patients’ pain, and provide vaccines for a number of illnesses. Further, pharmacists are considered one of the top three most trusted professionals in America. During this month, as well as throughout the year, I encourage everyone to visit your pharmacist, ask questions about your prescriptions, receive advice about preventative care, and simply get to know the person who provides your medicine and helps to keep you healthy. To my fellow pharmacists, thank you for what you do. Please know your work is appreciated and you are an important part of keeping our Nation healthy. It is an honor to be your voice in the United States Congress. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the remarkable life of Jack Davis, a beloved and brilliant cartoonist from St. Simons Island. Mr. Davis’ passion for cartoons began at the age of 12 when he read his first cartoon magazine. As his talent in drawing cartoons flourished, he created astonishing artwork for the University of Georgia, depicting actionpacked football scenes in a very unique style. Nationally, he may have been best known for his work with MAD magazine and his artwork of the magazine’s star character, Alfred E. Neuman. Executives at MAD magazine say there wasn’t anything that Jack couldn’t do. In addition, Mr. Davis designed for other companies, including DreamWorks, ESPN, Paramount Pictures, Indianapolis Speedway, and The Varsity drivein in Atlanta. It is an honor to recognize Mr. Jack Davis, and I could not speak more highly of his talents. He will truly be missed by the First District of Georgia, the Bulldog Nation, and everyone who knew of him and his artistic gift. CONGRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the University of Georgia as well as its impressive students, faculty, and staff. On September 12, the U.S. News and World Report ranked UGA the eighteenth best university in America. This is clearly not an easy feat. UGA continues to work tirelessly to provide the best education for its undergraduate students, and its hard work is being noticed. One example of UGA’s commitment to its students involves its emphasis on experiencedbased learning. UGA is the Nation’s largest public university to include this type of learning in its overall curriculum. From internships and studyabroad options to research projects, the opportunities at this great university are endless. In addition to these possibilities, UGA has also strengthened its faculty and course options by adding 50 new faculty members and expanding the course selection by 300 classes in high demand subjects. UGA has truly created a smallclass experience in a very large university. Congratulations to the University of Georgia on these accomplishments, and Go Dawgs. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Matt Kuchar of St. Simons Island, Georgia. Mr. Kuchar competed in the 2016 Rio Olympics and won a bronze medal in the men’s individual golf competition. He completed his fantastic Olympic week at 13 under par with a final round of 63, describing it as the round of his life. This great week does not come simply by chance for Mr. Kuchar. He has worked tirelessly over the past years to improve his game and has consistently been near the lead in many important tournaments. In 1997, he began his stellar career as an AllAmerican at Georgia Tech. Then in 2000, he turned to the professional ranks. In his 16 years as a pro, he has had 12 professional wins, including important tournaments such as the 2012 Players Championship, the 2013 Memorial Tournament, and the 2014 RBC Heritage. Mr. Kuchar’s smile and personality is an inspiration to all golfers. He is notoriously one of the nicest players on the professional circuit. It is an honor to recognize him today. Mr. Kuchar, you made Georgia’s First Congressional District very, very proud. f 
FIDELITY INFORMATION SYSTEMS TO LAUNCH VC FINTECH ACCELERATOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the important collaboration that is taking place in central Arkansas. The Venture Center in downtown Little Rock has been working with the publicly traded financial services company, Fidelity Information Systems, or FIS, to launch the VC FinTech Accelerator, a program that will bring innovators and entrepreneurs from across the world to Little Rock, where they will have formation opportunities for their earlystage organizations. They will work through a curriculum designed to engender creativity, development, and potential. Through this program, we are able to invest in the future of our State and ensure that our economy and our business environment in central Arkansas will continue to thrive and expand. I recently had the opportunity to visit The Venture Center with the gentlewoman from Missouri, Representative ANNWAGNER , and was impressed with the success of the center’s accelerator program. It is providing a 12 week rigorous program to assist FinTech startups, providing them with quality business development services. Ten FinTech companies were chosen to participate in this first accelerator program, and it will relaunch in 2017. This FinTech sandbox is producing transformational opportunities for both FIS, the innovative entrepreneurs in Little Rock, and for future consumers of these services. While this exciting program has only been active for a short time, it is already proving that it has the ability to assist in our efforts to grow the technology economy across our region. Little Rock’s storied history and the evolution of FIS makes it a perfect site for this accelerator. I greatly appreciate the choice of Little Rock as the location to implement this source of future economic growth. I am grateful for the farsighted leadership at FIS, our chamber of commerce leadership team, and all those involved in making this program a success for central Arkansas. 
THOUSANDYEAR FLOOD IN LOUISIANA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, August 20th of this year was a Saturday, and I was in Denham 
Springs, Louisiana. I was gutting a home, ripping out Sheetrock, tearing out floors, throwing out furniture, throwing out photo albums, appliances, and family heirlooms. Mr. Speaker, I did it in a home and literally stripped out every foot of Sheetrock in the house, from the floor to the ceiling and ripped out all the floors. Everything in the house was gutted down to the studs. This was a house where a woman, who recently retired in June or July of this year, was living. She has been living there since the early 1970s. Never has she had even a single foot of water in her house or a single inch of water in her house. Yet, on the floods that we had in south Louisiana around August 11th, this home received over 6 feet of water in the entire home, everything. Outside the house, we stacked up piles of debris from 6 to 8 feet high. I call it debris, but in reality it was memories. It was that woman’s life that was piled up in the street. Everything that she owned was thrown out. Mr. Speaker, we had a storm that was a 1,000year event. We experienced over 31 inches of rain in some of the peak areas in 36 hours. To translate that to snow, you are talking about 25 feet of snow. To my friends from the North, that is what we experienced the equivalent of in just 36 hours. This is on track to be the fourth most costly flood disaster in United States history, and, again, it was a 1,000year storm. Now, this happened in south Louisiana last month, but this could happen anywhere. Whether it is a snowstorm, it is a blizzard, it is a tsunami, it is an earthquake, it is a tornado or it is a terrorist attack, it could happen anywhere in this country. Now, historically when these catastrophic events have happened, the country has stepped up to provide assistance. Whether it is September the 11th, Hurricane Sandy, Hurricane Katrina or other disasters, the Nation has stepped up whenever these disasters have crossed over into catastrophic territory. In this instance, we have had over 100,000 homes and businesses flooded. So that story I told about the home that we went in and stripped and gutted—one of many homes that we worked in—you can multiply that same exact scenario tens of thousands of times over. Now, in this particular case, this house is probably worth $150,000, maybe. It is probably going to cost them $80,000 to rebuild the house to get it back. It is going to cost them $30,000 to replace the car that they lost. It is going to cost them $20,000 to replace their clothes and contents of the house. Because this home is in a floodplain—at the time when it was built, it was not, but now it is—it is going to probably cost them $100,000 to elevate that concrete slab and lift it up to the higherbase foot elevation. You can do the math. You are talking about over $200,000 just to get themselves back to where they were the day before this storm. I am going to say it again, Mr. Speaker, this is happening in south Louisiana. While the water has receded, their lives remain upside down, and it is hundreds of thousands of households. This is a parochial issue to me. It is my hometown. It is my community. It is my neighbors. It is my relatives. But the next disaster, whether it is next week, next year, next month, next decade, it is going to be in your town. It is going at your home. It is going to be your relatives, your neighbors. The American people need to know that when we have a catastrophic disaster like this, that the country is there to offer a hand up. Let me lay out this financial scenario. I talked about the $200,00 for this one homeowner, not including the other businessowners and others that are affected by this disaster. Because of HUD rules and some of the rules put in place by the mortgage companies, folks are going to have to make a decision on whether they are going to have their home foreclosed upon or they are going to try to get out of this financial predicament that they are in by the beginning of November. A $2.6 billion budget request has been made to offer a hand up to these people that rescued themselves, sheltered themselves, cooked for themselves, and gutted their own homes. Now is the time for America to offer a hand up, just like we have done in the past and just like we need to let other Americans know we are going to do for them in the event of a crisis like this. Mr. Speaker, lastly I want to say this: This was somewhat unique in that the Federal interstate held 6 feet of water back, therefore, further inundating people. The Comite River project and other flood control projects, which the Federal Government failed to construct after 30 years, and coastal land loss also contributed to this flood disaster. Now is the time for us to act. November, December timeframes are too late. This needs to be part of our negotiations right now to offer certainty and to assure Americans in the future that we are going to be there to offer them a hand up. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You fulfill Your promises day by day and lead Your people to greatness. You are the One who asks each of us to live a life worthy of our calling. By embracing the responsibilities of our station in life, each of us is to perform our duties with humility, meekness, and patience with the help of Your grace. By bearing with one another with understanding, we are to make every effort to preserve the unity we have been given by Your Divine Providence and seek peace at every turn of events. On this day, bless the Members of this people’s House with a surfeit of grace, that good policy might emerge to the benefit of our Nation. Also, on this day, comfort all who mourn the passing of one of our most beloved House staffers, Jacqui Ellis. May she rest in peace. May all that is done today be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ASHFORD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional life of John Sodoro, a lifelong resident of my hometown, Omaha, Nebraska. John was a respected lawyer and a loving father, grandfather, and husband. Many in the community knew him for his congenial personality and compassion for his clients. Before following his father’s footsteps in the legal profession, John graduated from Creighton Prep, and later, in true Omaha fashion, he earned his undergraduate and law degree from Creighton University. Over the course of his career, John made a difference in the lives of many, successfully helping his clients through a wide variety of difficult times. The Omaha community has lost a great man and true public servant. May his work be remembered and his life always celebrated. My thoughts and prayers go out to the Sodoro family. 
OUR NATION FACES AN INCREASING THREAT OF TERRORISM (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, the recent attacks in New York, New Jersey, and Minnesota all underscore the increasing threat our Nation faces from terrorism. The House Homeland Security Committee just reported that already this year, individuals have been arrested in 13 different States for some connection to terrorism, and there have already been 30 ISISlinked plots in the United States. Mr. Speaker, as events in Paris and Brussels demonstrate, this is not a challenge we face alone. Across the world, terrorism is on the rise. Just this past weekend, an Indian Army base near Pakistan was attacked by heavily armed militants who killed 18 soldiers. Our two nations, the United States and India, have worked closely to combat terrorism, and, more than ever, we must increase those counterterrorism efforts with our partners in India and elsewhere. Mr. Speaker, we must be honest about the evolving terror threat in front of us and confront this challenge with strong leadership and unwavering resolve. f 
DEMS ARE THE FACTS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, most modern businesses today use metrics to help them establish best practices. So I offer this chart based on the published, peerreviewed research of two respected Princeton economists, Dr. Blinder and Dr. Watson, that reveal some very important metrics and measures. It shows the annual growth of the U.S. economy for each Presidential term going all the way back to World War II. Democratic Presidents are in blue, and Republicans are in red. So whether it is 7
1⁄2years where President Obama outperforms the economy of his predecessor or 70 years, as you can see, there is a huge difference between how the economy performs between a Republican v. a Democratic President. In fact, going back 16 Presidential terms, the economy does significantly better by almost every measure under Democratic administrations. So, as President John Adams famously said: ‘‘Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our . . . inclinations . . . they cannot alter the . . . facts . . . ’’ And the fact is, the blue, the Democrats, do better than the Republicans on the economy when a Democrat is President. 
CHAIRMAN RANDY FORBES HAS MADE A DIFFERENCE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that, in my service, I began as a member of the unique class of 2001. These were Members elected in special elections that year, including nowU.S. Senator JOHN BOOZMAN , along with chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, RANDY FORBES , and chairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, JEFFMILLER , both of whom are completing their House service this year. Since being elected to the House, Chairman RANDY FORBES has been a crucial member on the House Judiciary Committee and the House Armed Services Committee, where he serves as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. He also founded the Congressional Prayer Caucus, promoting religious freedom worldwide. I have been privileged to work along with Chairman RANDY FORBES during our service in Congress. He is a true advocate for peace through strength and has been a leading voice on defense and national security issues. A Trump administration would have a dynamic Secretary of the Navy. I am grateful for the successful service of Chairman FORBES . He and his wife, Shirley, have served the citizens of Virginia’s Fourth Congressional District with honor, making a difference for American families. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September 11th, in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the people of India. 
CONGRATULATING THE BUFFALO NIAGARA RIVERKEEPER (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Buffalo Niagara Riverkeeper, and its executive director, Jill Jedlicka, winner of the Thiess International Riverprize awarded by the International River Foundation. As Buffalo’s industrial economy faded, we were left with a river so polluted that the Environmental Protection Agency declared that the Buffalo River was biologically dead and ecologically destroyed. So western New Yorkers decided to do something about it. They formed the Friends of the Buffalo River, which became the first organization to receive Federal authority and funding to manage a remediation project in the Great Lakes. Now, thanks to the Riverkeeper, the Buffalo River has come back to life, with over $80 million in private investment as Buffalonians reclaim their land at the water’s edge. I congratulate the Riverkeeper on this recognition, and I thank it for the legacy it has left to our community, one of the greatest environmental success stories in Western New York’s history. 
NOT ANOTHER DOLLAR TO IRAN (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act, the House’s legislative response to the administration’s shady cash transfer to the Iranian regime; a cash transfer resulting in the release of American hostages, which the administration denies was a ransom but acknowledges the cash was used as leverage. The American people are much smarter than that. 
Either way the administration or media try to spin it, a ransom was paid. For years and years, the United States Government has held a longstanding policy of not paying ransom for prisoners, but our legacy has quickly diminished. The President continues to invest our trust and money into Iran, a country that is the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Why in the world is our President rewarding Iran for its bad behavior? This cash transaction sets a dangerous precedent for Americans abroad and our national security. I won’t stand for this type of deceit by our CommanderinChief. That is why I urge my colleagues to support and pass the Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act. The name of the bill says it all. 
COMMEMORATING THE HISTORIC SEASON OF THE BALTIMORE ORACLES (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the historic season of the Baltimore Oracles, my staff’s congressional softball team and the victors of the 2016 Congressional Softball League championship. I was going to bring the trophy down, but it is much too big and much too heavy to carry. Mr. Speaker, the Oracles vanquished their opponents this season, achieving an astounding 19–1 record. Led by cocaptains Peter Gelman and Katie Teleky, and shadowcaptain Raymond O’Mara, the team was a perfect blend of stout defense and potent offense. Mike Pulver, Anna Killius, Paul Kincaid, and Lucinda Lessley held down the infield, while Andy Allen, Max Frankel, Brian Kaissi, and Zach Weber roamed the outfield. Big bats littered the lineup, but the batters were always ready to oblige the team’s heart and soul, Tim O’Neil, and hit just a single. Other contributors integral to the team’s success include Kate and Adrienne Star, Evan Horn, Jake Barr, Will Pisano, Julia KandelKrieger, James Howard, Becky O’Mara, Alex Bond, and Winston, the team’s everchipper mascot. Mr. Speaker, the Baltimore Oracles are champions, and that is truly world class. 
IMPLEMENTING THE VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, more than a year ago, Congress passed and the President signed into law an overhaul of veterans’ health care. The Veterans Choice Program nominally gave our Nation’s veterans more health provider and service options. However, despite having more than a year to implement it, local VA facilities are refusing to work with new providers to get veterans the care they need. The VA claims its hands are tied, but by what? Through the Veterans Choice Program, the men and women who have served our country are entitled to vital home care services that are critical to followup care and medication adherence assistance, especially for disabled veterans and those without access to transportation. My conversations with the VA have yielded only excuses. Our vets deserve results. I ask again, how many veterans are waiting for physician visits? How can the VA sit on its hands while our Nation’s veterans wait and suffer? I ask my colleagues to join me. Let’s be a voice for our veterans and demand the VA give these heroes access to and reimbursement for the care they need and deserve. f 
b1215 PRESERVING CASTNER RANGE (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 110th anniversary of the Antiquities Act, 100 years of our National Park Service, and to thank our current President and administration for doing more than any administration before them to strengthen these two assets that we have in our country. But I also ask this administration to set the standard for the next 100 years to ensure that public places like Castner Range in El Paso, Texas, fully tell the national story of the first Americans who were here more than 8,000 years ago who left their impressions of this great land and to ensure that every American has the chance to enter our public lands like the fourth and fifth graders at Collins Elementary who, under the direction of Mrs. Guay, left their impressions of Castner Range. This is a class that is 93 percent Mexican American, 75 percent below the poverty line, and precisely the population that we want to see in our national lands and public parks going forward. Preserving Castner Range forever is a means to set the stage for the next 100 years of success for our national parks and our national lands. 
CELEBRATING UNC CHARLOTTE’S 70TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. HUDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte as we commemorate its 70th anniversary. I am proud to be among the 122,000 living alumni of UNC Charlotte and to be the first elected to Congress, though I am sure I won’t be the last. My alma mater was founded by the visionary Bonnie Cone in the wake of the Second World War as a service to returning veterans pursuing higher education. The lasting legacy that continues to guide the university is best expressed in one word, ‘‘opportunity.’’ Opportunity characterizes the futures being built each day on campus. Opportunity describes the powerful economic impact this university has on one of the Nation’s fastest growing regions. UNC Charlotte has grown into its distinctive role as a research university in areas like big data, energy, and cancer prevention, focused clearly on the opportunities and needs of the future. Mr. Speaker, while still a relatively young university, UNC Charlotte is one of the leading American universities of the 21st century. I am pleased on behalf of the university family and all of Niner Nation to say the future is ours. Go Niners. f 
REMEMBERING JACQUI ELLIS (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the members of the Ninth Congressional District are in mourning this morning. We are saddened by the passing of our Chief of Staff, Ms. Jacqui Ellis. Mr. Speaker, she was more than a Chief of Staff. She was one of my dearest and closest friends. She was a mentor to many of the people on the Hill and especially those who worked with her in my congressional office. She made a difference in the lives of people. She was there to be of assistance to those who needed help. And 1 minute will never give me enough time to express the love, the affection, and to thank all of the many people who have given their condolences and their sympathies, so we will have a Special Order next week at which Members of the House will be permitted to come to the floor, and we will make our comments then. But I do want to say this: she met the measure of life that Ruth Smeltzer called to our attention: 
Some measure their lives by days and years, Others by heartthrobs, passions, and tears. But the surest measure under God’s sun Is what in your lifetime for others you’ve done. 
Jacqui, we love you, and we thank you for what you have done for others in your lifetime. We know that while physically you are not with us, spiritually you will always be with us. God bless you. 
HELP PREVENT VETERAN SUICIDE (Mr. TIPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, Colorado is home to over 400,000 of our Nation’s veterans—men and women who have fought to protect our freedom in conflicts around the world. These men and women are often some of the most respected individuals in our communities, which makes it easy to overlook that they may be struggling to transition back into civilian life at the end of their service. A study from the Department of Veterans Affairs found that 22 veterans tragically end their lives by suicide each day. This is a shocking and heartbreaking statistic. September is National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month and a time when everyone can learn about helping to prevent veteran suicide. In our communities, we can all work to make sure that no veteran ever feels like suicide is their only option. I am honored to represent a district that works so hard to make sure our veterans are taken care of when they return home, and I am committed to advancing policies to ensure that we honor and serve the men and women who have so honorably served our country. The next time you run into a veteran in the community, take a minute to let them know that you appreciate their service. None of us may ever know how far a thankyou may go in a person’s life and what a big difference that could mean. 
NATIONAL SECURITY, HEALTH, AND SAFETY (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the last few months have been a rather frustrating time for many of us in Congress as well as the American people. We first broke for some 7 weeks—the longest break from Congress in the modern era. We left without doing anything on Zika, without addressing our opioid epidemic in this country, and without doing anything for the families of Flint who have been suffering with their water for many years now. Probably one of the most striking moments I have had as a Member here for the last year and a half was when the families from Flint came in front of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee—the committee on which I serve—and talked about how they have been affected by this water crisis. What response have they gotten so far from Congress, from the people’s House? Nothing. Zero. Instead, we went off for 7 weeks. Now here we are about to break again without addressing Flint, without doing anything about the Zika crisis and the other challenges we are facing, not to mention our gun violence problem that many of us gathered right here on the House floor to address. It is time that we act now, and we should not break until we have addressed these problems. f 
TRUST IN MEDIA FALLS TO HISTORIC LOWS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans’ trust in the media has hit a historic low, according to a recent Gallup poll. Gallup found that only 32 percent of Americans have a great deal or even fair amount of confidence in the media to present the news fully, accurately, and fairly. This represents an 8 point drop from just a year ago. It also is the lowest level of trust in the media that Gallup has ever recorded since it first asked the question 46 years ago. Republicans’ trust in media has dropped from 32 percent a year ago to 14 percent today. This is ‘‘easily the lowest confidence among Republicans in 20 years,’’ says Gallup. Trust in the media among Democrats and Independents fell as well. The historic distrust of the media will continue until the media stops telling Americans what to think. 
ERADICATING BREAST CANCER (Mr. BLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1197, the Accelerating the End of Breast Cancer Act. I lost my father to cancer when he was just 52 years old, so finding cures for all types of cancer is personal for me. In Iowa alone, there will be approximately 2,200 new cases of breast cancer this year, resulting in about 400 unnecessary deaths. We must do more to cure this disease. By passing this bill and setting a goal of eradicating breast cancer by 2020, we have a chance to make a real difference for women and their families. I would also like to recognize my constituents, Christine Carpenter and Lori Seawel, for their selfless volunteer efforts to support this issue. I encourage my colleagues in the House to support and pass this bipartisan legislation. 
PEDIATRIC CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of September as Pediatric Cancer Awareness Month. Pediatric cancer is the leading cause of diseaserelated deaths for children in the United States—43 are diagnosed with cancer every day. While many adult cancers can be diagnosed early, pediatric cancers are more difficult to detect. In 80 percent of children, the cancer will have already spread to other parts of the body by the time of diagnosis. For the children who do survive, their battle doesn’t end. Ninetyfive percent of childhood cancer survivors will develop chronic health conditions. Despite these facts, only 4 percent of the National Cancer Institute’s funding goes toward pediatric cancer. Since 1990, only 10 drugs have been developed to treat pediatric cancer, compared to over 200 for adults. My friend, Jonny Wade, is one of the many faces of pediatric cancer. Last Christmas Eve, his yearlong battle with brain cancer tragically ended, but our fight to eradicate this disease has only begun. Mr. Speaker, his parents, John and Kimberly Wade, sat in the gallery right in front of me when the President talked about his moonshot to eradicate cancer. Mr. Speaker, 4 percent is not enough. I will continue to fight to get more than 4 percent, not for Jonny, but for his wish that no other kid should have cancer. f 
MATT AND SHERYL MOHR: ANGELS IN ADOPTION (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize a remarkable couple, Matt and Sheryl Mohr from Hudson, as Angels in Adoption from Michigan’s Seventh Congressional District. I had the privilege of visiting with Matt and Sheryl yesterday, and their love and compassion for vulnerable children is truly moving. In the past 6 years, the Mohrs have opened their hearts and home to 26 foster children. Along with their five biological children, they have also adopted five children and are in the process of adopting two more. That will make a total of 12 children. When asked what led them to begin fostering and adopting, Sheryl said: ‘‘I felt that I had a lot more love to give away.’’ Wow. Through their big hearts and unconditional love, Matt and Sheryl have forever changed the lives of so many children in Lenawee County. They are angels to the children they parent and incredibly deserving of this award. 
PROHIBITING RANSOM PAYMENTS TO IRAN (Mr. LAHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5931, legislation prohibiting future ransom payments to Iran. In the midst of a global war on terror, it should be common sense that the United States of America should not be sending untraceable pallets of cash on an airplane to the leading state sponsor of terrorism. Apparently it isn’t, though, because that is exactly what happened and what this administration engaged in. We know now that $1.7 billion in cash was given to Iran in exchange for the release of prisoners, violating America’s longstanding policy against ransom payments. Predictably, this administration has admitted that it cannot guarantee that this money did not go to fund current or future terrorism by Iran. In addition, all of this was done in secret, lacking transparency with the American people. Today the House is taking action to end this practice. H.R. 5931 prohibits any cash payments to Iran regardless of the rationale or reasoning behind it. It also ensures the American people will be notified if a President ever attempts this sort of deal again. America cannot be a country that sends cash to countries that fund terrorism. Period. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 879 allows for the consideration of H.R. 5931, the Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act. The rule makes in order all five amendments submitted to the Rules Committee. The rule also provides authority for the House to expeditiously consider a continuing resolution. On June 24, 2015, President Obama stood in the Roosevelt Room of the White House and said: ‘‘I am reaffirming that the United States Government will not make concessions, such as paying ransom, to terrorist groups holding American hostages.’’ This position shouldn’t have been surprising. It has long been the position of the U.S. Government to not pay ransoms to terrorist organizations, for doing so only encourages further kidnappings and puts more American lives at risk. Despite this reassurance from President Obama, on January 17, 2016, an unmarked cargo plane landed at a European airport. On this plane were wooden pallets stacked with unmarked foreign currency—$400 million worth, to be exact. Who was waiting at the airport to accept this money? The Islamic Republic of Iran. On that exact same day, several Americans who had been held prisoner in Iran were released. That, Mr. Speaker, is a ransom payment. Since then, we have learned that the full U.S. payment to Iran totaled $1.7 billion. The money was related to a decadesold dispute about an Iranian arms sale. There are a lot of concerning issues at play here. First, by giving money to Iran, the United States is supporting the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Iran uses their money and resources to support groups like Hezbollah, Hamas, and other radical terrorist groups in Iraq, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. Iran is no friend of the United States, and their efforts have resulted in the deaths of U.S. citizens and servicemembers. So why in the world is the United States sending them cash payments in the first place? Second, the United States should never pay a ransom. I know they claim 
that the $1.7 billion payment was a ‘‘settlement,’’ but let’s get real here for a minute. The payment was made on the exact same day the Americans were released. Let’s look in the dictionary for just a moment. ‘‘Ransom’’ is defined as ‘‘a sum of money or other payment demanded or paid for the release of a prisoner.’’ That is exactly what happened here. Iran knows it was a ransom payment. An Iranian general was quoted as saying that, ‘‘the money was returned for the freedom of the U.S. spy, and it was not related to the nuclear negotiations.’’ So Iran knows it was a ransom. The American people know it was a ransom. Well, how about the State Department? When pushed on this topic by the media, a State Department spokesman said that it wasn’t ransom but, rather, ‘‘leverage.’’ What is the difference? The American prisoners in Iran were not released until the cash payments occurred. You could try to hide the truth by calling it ‘‘leverage’’ or a ‘‘coincidence,’’ but the fact is this payment was a ransom. Just ask the Obama Justice Department. Press reports indicate that Assistant Attorney General John Carlin raised the concern that the cash payment to Iran would send a signal to Iran and the world that the U.S. had changed its ransom policy. This isn’t some radical conspiracy theory we are talking about here. This is the exact same concern raised by the Justice Department under President Obama—the people he appointed. Since this ransom payment occurred, Iran has detained several more foreign citizens, including Americans, French, British, and Canadians. Sadly, I expect our Iranian friends are already making their ransom demands. The third major concern I have is that the payments were clearly done in a way to hide them from the American public. The payments were made in cash. According to an international body responsible for combating money laundering, known as the Financial Action Task Force, the ‘‘physical transportation of currency’’ is ‘‘one of the main methods used to move criminal assets, launder money, and finance terrorism.’’ If this whole ordeal was public and on the upandup, then why did the U.S. make this payment in cash? The Obama administration originally said that the payment had to be in cash because financial sanctions prevent us from engaging in wire transfers with Iranian banks. Well, it turns out that isn’t true. In fact, on at least two occasions, the U.S. has made wire transfers to the Iranian Government. According to Politico, in July 2015, the U.S. sent Iran approximately $848,000 to settle a claim over architectural drawings. The wire transfers didn’t stop there though. The U.S. wired Iran almost $10 million in April of this year to pay for 32 metric tons of heavy water. Here is another issue with the cash payments. Iran has a track record of money laundering, and making cash payments will result in it being even harder to track their illicit activity. Cash does not have an electronic signature, so the money could eventually become untraceable. This will make it almost impossible for law enforcement and intelligence agencies to track where the money is going. In other words, the cash could be transferred to a group like Hamas or Hezbollah and the United States may never know. This is deeply troubling. So, Mr. Speaker, this legislation makes one thing crystal clear. The United States Government is not in the business of paying ransom. Specific to Iran, the legislation will prohibit future cash payments to Iran until the nation stops sponsoring terrorism and is no longer involved in money laundering. To boost transparency and accountability, the legislation also requires 30 day congressional notification and review of any future settlements related to the U.S.Iran Claims Tribunal. This way Congress will have an opportunity to review any future payments instead of them being secretly executed in the dark of night. Ultimately, the United States cannot continue to give in to Iran. Whether it is their nuclear program or their kidnapping of U.S. citizens, we simply cannot keep making deals with Iran in which the Ayatollah benefits and the American people suffer. We need to stop empowering Iran and, instead, start weakening them. We must stop giving in to Iran and start standing up to Iran. By putting our foot down, the American people and our allies in the Middle East will be safer and stronger. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 879, so we can move forward with consideration of this important bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. I rise today in opposition to the rule. Let’s not parse words. This bill is a Republican attempt to politicize the recent payment by the United States to the Government of Iran. The legislation equates the payment, which was made as part of a settlement of a 35yearold dispute before the United StatesIran Claims Tribunal, as ransom. It prohibits any future payments. And I might add, Iran has 200 claims before the tribunal at this time, and all of the American claims have been settled before the same Algiers Accords tribunal. It prohibits any future payments to the Iranian Government and requires the President to submit to Congress a report listing and evaluating outstanding claims before the tribunal. Mr. Speaker, let’s get something straight. The payment to Iran was not ransom, and anyone who suggests it was is just trying to score some political points in the limited time we have left in Washington. The payment was part of a legal settlement to a longstanding 35year dispute. It was money owed to the Iranian Government by the American Government, and the transfer was simply our government meeting its obligations. As I indicated earlier, it may surprise those watching at home to learn that the tribunal has awarded roughly $2.5 billion to American citizens in the past. I understand that there are many in Congress concerned by the loosening of sanctions on Iran. I am one of them. As one of the few Democrats to publicly oppose the Iran deal, I know that Iran is, without question, not our friend, a state sponsor of terrorism, and I don’t think you will find anyone in this body who denies this. But I am concerned by the trend we are seeing with individuals actively trying to undermine the deal rather than working to ensure it is made stronger and enact it with intended effect. It is similar to the actions—I forget the number, up in the sixties—that my Republican friends have attempted to do something about the Affordable Care Act. It has problems. The question is what are we going to do about it, because the American people need to have health care. b1245 What we would rather do is repeal what exists. Don’t replace it with anything, but make political arguments that it needs to be replaced. We are doing something very similar here. Rather than making this Iran deal stronger, we are continuing to do what we can to undermine it. The bill we are discussing today is a stark example of this and is an attempt to undermine the deal rather than to strengthen it. The bill, if enacted, would hamstring us in the future as more than 1,000 Iranian claims before the tribunal have yet to be resolved. Prohibiting any type of future payment to the Iranian Government—and sort of as an aside, it is unfortunate, in this world that we live in, that we have to do business with bad people. I served on the Intelligence Committee when $2 billion walked off in Iraq, and we still haven’t had accountability about that, but let’s don’t get too far off the track. The fact of the matter is, the bill does all of these things in order to prop up the false premise that the United States paid Iran ransom. This is just plain wrong, and it is a waste of our time. Mr. Speaker, I am concerned, as I have often been throughout this Congress, that partisan measures such as this one are distracting our attention from measures that we absolutely must pass, including today. There are just 7 legislative days left until we break for another 44day recess, and that is after the Republicans shut down Congress 
for the longest summer recess in modern history. It gives the term ‘‘donothing Congress’’ a whole new meaning. Once we recess next week, unless we do something different, we will leave Washington until after the election. Yet, as of today, despite considerable bipartisan concern, we haven’t gotten a clean Zika research funding bill, and we haven’t gotten a bill on gun violence—not a word on the subject except to threaten Democrats with punishment for protesting this body’s unconscionable inaction on the subject. We haven’t talked about flood relief for Louisiana. We haven’t gotten a bill on the water crisis in Flint, and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) will address that in a few minutes. We are still dealing with an opioid epidemic. Let me underscore that again. We are dealing with an opioid epidemic in this country that is killing our children all over this Nation, and we have not done anything about it. The appropriations process has come to a complete standstill. That is why we are out of here tonight. We are going to try to figure out what we are going to do to discharge our responsibilities that are scheduled for October 1; so we will be here next week. All of those out there in Congress who don’t know it, we will be here. We will be fiddling around. We will be doing suspensions. We will be doing one House measures until the thing comes together, and it will. We will be threatened with ‘‘we will keep you here until Saturday, or we will keep you here until Christmas.’’ It goes on and on, kicking the can down the road. House Republicans continue to ignore their responsibilities to the American people and waste time on partisan, gonowhere bills—just like the one we have here today—while Americans are forced to face critical public health emergencies alone. In fact, in each public health crisis before America, House Republicans have chosen to obstruct the meaningful action and resources that are needed to save lives. On the subject of Zika, this month, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will run out of resources to fight the virus. More than 21,000 Americans have confirmed cases of Zika; yet Republican inaction has forced the CDC to divert research funding away from other diseases. They have had to take money out of the Ebola account, and Ebola has not gone away. They are taking money out of the flu account and out of the tuberculosis account, and those are not going away at any point in time. They are taking cancer research money in order to keep its Zika research program going, which is an immediate crisis. It is not just a Florida thing or a Central America or a South America thing. There are 22,000 Americans who have this virus, and the Aedes aegypti mosquito is not the only one that is carrying this virus. This has been researched since 2009. It didn’t just start yesterday, and it is not going to end tomorrow, but something needs to be done today about this particular crisis. I quote CDC Director Tom Frieden. The Republican cochair of the Florida delegation and I had a hearing of our Florida delegation, and Mr. Frieden came to testify before us. He said: ‘‘We are out of money, and we need Congress to act.’’ I am not sure how much more plainly it can be said. We need a clean bill that provides adequate funding. Let’s stop playing games with the lives of women and infants and of the people in general who have contracted this virus. It has now shown that it can affect the mental stability of adults. Mr. Speaker, we have some serious issues to tackle; so I am dismayed to be on the floor today focusing on yet another messaging bill. There will be headlines tomorrow. Members will go back home to their districts and will talk about ‘‘we stopped Obama and any future President from paying ransom money.’’ It was not ransom in the first place—it was Iran’s money. The prisoners who were released would have been released. Had we done it a month earlier, I wonder if they would have called it a ransom. Had we done it a month later, I wonder if they would have called it a ransom. Yet this messaging bill comes here. I hope that my colleagues across the aisle, in the final week before we leave Washington, will let us address just some of the things that I mentioned. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ). Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, the Obama administration admitted to transferring $1.3 billion in cash to Iran after delivering a $400 million cash payment on the same day that Iran released American prisoners. The Obama administration tried to walk back its actions by calling the first cash payment leverage, but the American people, frankly, know better. The cash payment to Iran was a ransom payment—I repeat, a ransom payment to Iran—plain and simple. Let’s get one thing straight here: Iran is our enemy. It is not our friend. Iran is the enemy of our most important allies in the region and not their friend. Iran’s leadership has publicly promised to wipe out America and to wipe out Israel—right off the map. Those are not the words of a friend. Iran imprisons American citizens and taunts our Navy every single day. That is not a friend. Iran is one of only three nations our Department of State classifies as a ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism.’’ Whether it is the Obama administration’s refusal to utter the phrase ‘‘radical Islam’’ or the word ‘‘ransom,’’ it has tried time and again to deceive the American people with its policies that have ultimately made America less safe. As the increasingly popular saying goes: our friends no longer trust us, and our enemies no longer fear us. It is time for Congress to step in and block future cash payments to Iran. As an original cosponsor of this bill, I urge my colleagues to support the Prohibiting Future Payments to Iran Act. In God we trust. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. If this had been ransom, there is a person whom Iran has held prisoner and about whom Iran has denied a lack of information to the family—Robert Levinson, who has been in Iran for 9 years. I just can’t imagine that a ransom agreement or the meeting of a demand would not have included information about Robert Levinson. That would be, in my considered opinion, the height of ridiculousness; therefore, the obviousness of leaving Mr. Levinson out of what would be a proposed ransom strikes me as being strange. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up comprehensive legislation that provides the resources that are needed to help the families of Flint, Michigan, recover from the lead drinking water crisis. Mr. Speaker, the children and families of Flint are facing lifelong damage as a result of lead exposure. It is long past time that this Congress acted. We have an opportunity right now to bring up legislation that would ensure the people of Flint will receive clean drinking water and to provide health and educational support for the children who are affected by the crisis. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the R ECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, a champion, among the champions of people who are here in Congress, is DAN KILDEE . I had the privilege of serving with his uncle for a substantial portion of my career. I had the privilege—and I have spoken with Dan about this—to visit with his uncle before this particular crisis of Flint’s and to discuss the plight of the people in Flint and Pontiac and that general area. In this particular instance, I hope we don’t hear from people that this isn’t germane. This is the Democrats’ motion to recommit, and Republicans who care about the lead exposure that these children and families have been exposed to in Flint can simply vote for the motion to recommit, and we will be able to address this subject. I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Flint, Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. KILDEE. I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ) for yielding and for all of his advocacy on behalf of the people of my community and, also, of the many forgotten people across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous question in order to bring up a vote to finally help the people of my hometown of Flint, Michigan. In 2 days, it will have been 1 year since Dr. Mona HannaAttisha released the results of her research that showed that blood levels of the children in Flint showed significantly elevated levels of lead—that the water that they had been drinking had poisoned them. A year later, here we stand. This Congress has not yet acted to provide any relief to a community that is facing the greatest crisis—the greatest disaster—of its history. It has been a year since it was known that that water was too dangerous to drink. Members in this body have heard me speak about this before. It has been 2 years since, actually, the water contained lead. It took that long for the information, finally, to come to light; yet Congress has continuously failed to act. We have a way to get this done. I just ask my Republican colleagues in the House to step out of the way and allow the bipartisan legislation that has passed the Senate to have a vote so that it may be included in the legislation that this body is considering. The House can do so by following the Senate’s lead, which passed legislation to provide relief to Flint by a vote of 95– 3. Let me just make this clear: the United States Senate voted 95–3 to provide support for the people of Flint— and yet nothing here in this House. b1300 We have an opportunity with the continuing resolution to include that language in the continuing resolution and help the people of my hometown, again, people who yet today cannot drink their water without fear that it will poison them. This is a fully paidfor provision. There was always debate about whether we should be able to spend in case of emergency without having an offset. In this case, we have an offset. So the argument has to be that the people of Flint simply don’t deserve to have their Federal Government act in their moment of greatest need. I know from conversations that I have had with Members on both sides of the aisle that that cannot be the case. I have had all sorts of expressions of sympathy. Many Members of Congress have traveled to Flint, Democrats and Republicans, and have expressed to me on an almost daily basis that they wish there was something they could do to help those poor folks. Well, you know what? Sympathy expresses sentiment, but it doesn’t provide clean drinking water for the people of my hometown. We have a chance to act. Now, when this came before this body, this Congress, in the form of hearings in the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Energy and Commerce, many of my Republican colleagues— virtually every member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee—spoke up and said what a shame it was that the Federal Government played a role in the crisis that Flint is facing, that the Federal Government bore some responsibility. Now, we can argue about how much responsibility lands at the State. I think the majority of the responsibility is the State’s, but I would agree that this is failure at every level of government. My Republican colleagues went so far as to call for a Cabinet member of the President to resign because the Federal responsibility was so great that a member of the President’s Cabinet should step down because it was the Federal Government who bore responsibility, in part. Suddenly, when it is time to actually do something to help the people of Flint, what do we have? All of a sudden, the narrative changes. All of a sudden, what was a Federal problem with clear Federal accountability and responsibility, universally demonstrated by my friends on the other side of the aisle, when it comes time to take up a paidfor piece of legislation that will not increase the deficit but will help these poor folks who cannot drink their water, what do we get? Shuffling of their feet. Stunned silence. Nothing. Nothing. Shame. Shame. What would you do if it was your hometown? What would you do if it was your community? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, you know what you would do. You would step to the floor of this House and you would make sure every single day you fought to get help for your community. One of the first votes I cast when I came here was to help the victims of a storm that was nowhere near my home, and I was proud to do it because they were Americans who happened to be in need. What is it about Flint? What is it about the people of Flint? Answer me. What is it that separates them, that has them in a position where their Federal Government can’t come to their aid? When they can’t drink the water, when the water that comes from their tap is poison and we have a chance to do something about it without increasing the Federal deficit with an offset that is already identified, I hear nothing. I hear nothing from the leadership of this House that gives any indication that the people of Flint matter at all. Shame. Shame. We ought to act, and we ought to do it now—not maybe 3 months from now, not, ‘‘Oh, Flint, maybe we will get you in the next bill or maybe the next piece of legislation.’’ Shame. We should bring it up now. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We are here today to talk about a bill that would address yet another foreign policy and national security failure by the Obama administration. The other issues that have been brought up are important issues, but that is not what we are talking about today in this rule. The gentleman from Michigan knows probably far better than I do that there are a number of people around here working on the Flint issue. We could have a bill on the floor of this House as early as next week. That is certainly my hope and the hope of a lot of other people. I am not privy to all of what is going on there, but I understand that may be coming. That is not what we are here about today. It is not unusual for me to stand up here when I am managing one of these rules and hear our friends on the other side want to bring up everything other than the topic of what is in the rule because they don’t want to talk about the foreign policy and national security failures of the Obama administration. Well, the American people want us to do something about that. They are worried when they see somebody put bombs in trash cans in New York, when somebody stabs people to death in Minnesota. They want to see us doing something. We are trying to do something about that with numerous pieces of legislation that we bring forward in this House; and whenever we bring them up, we hear from the other side about everything else. Well, today we are here to talk about stopping this President and future Presidents from sending pallets of cash to Iran. That is what we are talking about. So I want us to get back to that debate because that is an important debate for the American people. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Earlier, I misspoke when I said that we could vote for the motion to recommit. I should have said—and I correct the RECORD now—the previous question was what I was speaking of. The simple fact of the matter is we can vote in support of the previous question, and then we would be able to address the Flint crisis. Mr. Speaker, I want to reiterate that this bill is nothing more than an attempt by the majority to make political hay of the recent payment to the Government of Iran, a payment that was a legal settlement. It seems to get ignored by my friends that the United States and Iran are participants in a claims tribunal that was established 35 years ago under the Algiers Accords because Iran had held our hostages, and we needed a methodology to be able to pay and have those hostages remunerated appropriately. That said, $2.5 billion has been paid to American claims rightly. This framework is being followed, and what this legislation that is going nowhere would do, if it went somewhere, would be to fly in the face of that framework that was established. 
By prohibiting any future payments to Iran, this bill could put us in the position of violating the Algiers Accords and owing even more money. It comes at the expense of addressing issues that really matter, like Flint, like Zika, like the opioid epidemic, like gun violence, like the Louisiana floods and the crumbling infrastructure of this Nation. The list goes on and on. I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and the underlying measure. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. The gentleman said earlier in his remarks that there are times when the United States has to have interactions with bad people. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I understand that. We do. But we should be wise in doing so. He and I completely agreed about the ill wisdom of the deal that President Obama struck with Iran; nonetheless, he struck the deal. He said that there are 200 Iranian claims pending. I have no idea if any of those claims are meritorious. But if even one of them is meritorious, I don’t think he would agree—and I know I don’t agree, and the vast majority of people in America don’t agree—that you pay such a claim by sending pallets of cash. Why would they do that? Why would any President of the United States send pallets of cash to the leading state sponsor of terrorism? It is to hide what they were doing, and they have been found out. We should never do that with anyone, but particularly not with an enemy. The other thing that this bill provides, besides a prohibition on that— and that is so common sense that I don’t know how we could disagree about it—is it requires congressional notification. Don’t we want the Congress, as a coequal branch of government, to know before we pay money to the leading state sponsor of terrorism? Don’t we want to let the American people know what is going on? This is a very commonsense bill. The people of the United States expect us to do nothing less than this. So while I appreciate some of the other things we heard about it, some of the other issues they mentioned, let’s focus on this. Let’s at least get this done so that this President and no President can ever, ever again pay ransom to Iran. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 879 and the underlying legislation. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES THROUGH STOCK OWNERSHIP ACT Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 875, I call up the bill (H.R. 5719) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 875, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5719 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 5719, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. America’s startup companies are a driving force behind our Nation’s dynamic and prosperous free enterprise system. Over the past century, bold, innovative Americans have taken risks and started businesses of all sizes that deliver opportunity for millions of middle class families and workers. We should do everything we can to help America’s startups attract the talented, hardworking employees they need to put their breakthrough ideas into motion. One of the best things we can do is ensure that our Tax Code supports American innovators. Our Tax Code must support—not suppress—innovation, entrepreneurship, and economic freedom. Today, I am honored to speak in support of legislation to do just that, Congressman ERIKPAULSEN ’s Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act. b1315 This bipartisan, bicameral legislation takes action to keep America at the forefront of innovation by supporting startups and the workers who help them thrive. Right now many startup companies offer their workers stock options as a portion of their compensation. This helps startups attract top talent because they may not have the money to pay high salaries offered by larger businesses. The problem is, many startup workers can’t exercise their stock options because they don’t make enough to afford the associated tax payment. In addition, many startups are privately held, so there may not be an available market for these workers to sell some of the stocks so they can pay the tax. Ultimately, this means a portion of a startup worker’s compensation—sometimes a significant portion—can be essentially out of reach. So when a worker is considering whether to take a job at an exciting new small business, this issue can make the opportunity in that company a lot less attractive. Congressman PAULSEN ’s commonsense legislation fixes the problem. It allows startup workers to defer the tax payment on their stock options for 7 years or until there is an ability to sell the stock, whichever comes first. Importantly, the bill includes provisions to ensure this tax relief can only be utilized by workers who need it. Those who hold large equity stakes in a startup or highly paid positions at the company won’t be eligible. The bottom line is that by facilitating employee ownership, this bill will not only help startups attract talent, it will allow their workers to own a stake in that next breakthrough product or service. Congressman PAULSEN is a longtime champion of employee ownership, free enterprise, and economic freedom—pillars of a strong American economy. I want to thank him for his leadership on this important bipartisan legislation, and I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting its passage. The Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act is a smart, bipartisan solution to help ensure that American startups will continue to be a driving force behind American innovation, job growth, and prosperity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) be permitted to control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill addresses an issue that is worthy of being addressed. It surely would be taken up as part of overall tax reform. But this bill surely is not an emergency; and costing over $1 billion, it is not paid for. Today, as this House leaves, there has been no action on Flint. That is an emergency—poisoned water, children at risk—and it is being required that emergency funding for Flint be paid for. In contrast, action on this bill is in no way an emergency, and it is not being required to be paid for. And still no attention to Zika. That is an emergency. It is spreading while some here in D.C. are stalling. I quote Anthony Fauci, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. This is what he told one writer: ‘‘First, we took money from other infections. We borrowed money from ourselves from malaria and TB. ‘‘When we ran out of that money, we started tapping into the Ebola funds that we really should not be tapping into because we still need them to keep the lid on Ebola.’’ ‘‘When we ran out of that . . . Secretary . . . Burwell had to do something she really did not want to do. She had to take money using her transfer authority from cancer, diabetes, heart disease and mental health and give it to us to be able to continue to prepare the sites for the Zika vaccine trials that we will be performing.’’ 
So Zika, that is an emergency. It is spreading here while we, as I said, in D.C. are stalling. Here we go once again on this legislation, not an emergency, not being paid for. I think the way the House majority is handling this legislation and other legislation, or the lack of it, is inexcusable and in some respects is immoral. Let me read from the Statement of Administration Policy: ‘‘The Administration is committed to helping startups, boosting innovation, and growing the economy, and is willing to work with the Congress on fiscally responsible measures to achieve those goals. However, the Administration strongly opposes H.R. 5719 because it would increase the Federal deficit by $1 billion over the next ten years. Failing to pay for new tax cuts is fiscally irresponsible.’’ Mr. Speaker, working on stock options and the tax treatment of it is one thing. Zika and Flint are orders of a different magnitude. For these reasons and others, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when you ask a small business owner or an entrepreneur about the challenge of starting a new business, they will often tell you that the key to their success is keeping talented employees and recruiting talented employees to keep their company moving forward. Today we have an opportunity to help startup companies. The Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act is a bipartisan initiative that focuses on two simple but very important concepts: keeping the United States on the forefront of innovation and promoting employee ownership. I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) for his bipartisan leadership on this issue as well. Mr. Speaker, today our Tax Code is forcing many mid and lowerlevel employees at startup companies and businesses around the country to let a very promising investment opportunity pass them by. Unlike employees at larger, more established companies, startup employees are often offered compensation in the form of stock options, a significant part of their compensation. And it is a common practice for a business that is developing a new and promising technology but is not yet profitable. More and more employees of startups these days aren’t exercising their stock options, and that is because if they do, they get hit with a tax bill from the IRS, a tax bill that can be unaffordable because they don’t have the cash available to make the tax payment which is due immediately. As a result, employees are letting their stock options expire, missing out on thousands and thousands of dollars that could help them send their kids to college or plan for their retirement. So here is a simple solution today, Mr. Speaker. The Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act will let an employee defer their tax payment for a reasonable period—7 years— or until there is a market for their stock, which they could then sell to get the money needed to pay the tax bill. Many employees are drawn to startup businesses these days for the opportunity to work on shaping the future, the next innovative solution that can improve the lives of millions of people. It might be in health care, it might be treating cancer, or it could be in developing new mobile computer technology. They are also drawn, though, to the chance and the opportunity to have some ownership over this new idea. However, some are now choosing to instead stay at or go to a larger, established company because they know at a startup business they could face a very unfortunate tax situation. So to put it simply, Mr. Speaker, the Tax Code should not stand in the way of developing new, lifechanging technologies. We should help these startups attract new employees and new talent and help those employees chase their dreams to seek new, creative environments that could lead to the next breakthrough innovation. The legislation is also designed to promote employee ownership. Only those individuals at startup businesses where similar stock options are offered to 80 percent of their employees or more will be eligible for the tax deferral provided in the bill. This will encourage businesses to offer more of their employees an ownership stake, as well as serve as a very important guardrail to prevent companies that only offer stock options to a select few highlevel employees from taking advantage of any provisions in the legislation. Importantly, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act also contains several provisions to ensure that only those employees who truly need tax deferral are actually able to obtain it. Individuals that own more than 1 percent of a business, the CEO, the CFO, and the four highest paid employees at a business are not eligible for deferral. Mr. Speaker, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act is part of Leader MCCARTHY ’s Innovation Initiative here in the House. It is endorsed by the Venture Capital Association, the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, and dozens of businesses around the country. I include in the RECORD their three letters of support. 
NATIONAL VENTURE CAPITAL  ASSOCIATION , September 7, 2016. Hon. ERIKPAULSEN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. JOSEPH CROWLEY , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVES PAULSEN AND  CROWLEY : On behalf of our nation’s venture capital investors and the entrepreneurs they support, I write to express our support for H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, and to thank you for your leadership on this important issue. This legislation would allow startup employees to defer tax liability on income arising from exercised but illiquid stock options. As you know, stock options are a critical tool for attracting talented individuals to work at our nation’s startups. Employees are often compensated with stock options as a promise that if the startup succeeds, everybody shares in the gain. And, stock options are particularly important for startups who are often cash strapped and using all resources available to develop and build a novel product. But as the U.S. capital markets have become more hostile to small capitalization companies, increasingly startups are opting to stay private longer rather than pursue an initial public offering (IPO). This has given rise to challenges for employees at our nation’s startups when their stock options vest without a liquid market to sell their shares in order to pay the taxes that are due. Your legislation to allow an additional period of time for employees to defer taxes on exercised stock options is a common sense solution to this challenge that will encourage more talented Americans to help build today’s startups into tomorrow’s Fortune 500 success stories. We must make new company creation a national priority to compete in the 21st century economy. Your bill will help us avoid a startup brain drain by preserving the value of stock options for employees. NVCA and its member firms look forward to working with you to pass this legislation into law and protect the value of stock options for startup employees. Again, thank you for your leadership on this important issue. Sincerely, BOBBY FRANKLIN , President and CEO. 
SMALL BUSINESS & ENTREPRENEURSHIP COUNCIL , September 19, 2016. Hon. ERIKPAULSEN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. JOECROWLEY , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVES PAULSEN AND  CROWLEY : The Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) and its 100,000 members nationwide strongly support H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees Through Stock Ownership Act. Startup companies face many obstacles, including the recruitment and retention of skilled employees. Employees at startup companies often do not enjoy the higher salaries offered at established companies, but are drawn to the idea of helping to build an enterprise that is at the forefront of the next innovation. At many startup companies, employees are offered stock options or equity ownership to compensate for lower compensation and to share ownership in the company. Currently, if employees exercise these options, they are required to pay taxes immediately but sometimes lack the resources to do so. That means they may miss out on a potential financial opportunity. This is a barrier for some individuals to join a startup, which means both the company and individual lose, and so does our economy. H.R. 5719 resolves this barrier by allowing employees seven years or before the stock becomes tradeable on an established market to pay the taxes when they exercise options. H.R. 5719 will help startup companies attract 
and keep talented employees, and provide skilled individuals another key incentive to join these promising businesses. Thank you for your leadership on this important issue. SBE Council looks forward to working with you to advance H.R. 5719 into law. Sincerely, KAREN KERRIGAN , President & CEO. 
SEPTEMBER 19, 2016. Hon. ERIKPAULSEN , Cannon House Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. JOSEPH CROWLEY , Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE PAULSEN AND REPRESENTATIVE CROWLEY : We write you to express our support for H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act (EESO). This bipartisan initiative, led by your efforts, will make it possible for more employees to obtain an ownership stake in the companies they help build and make it easier for startups and private companies to attract the talent necessary to grow the economy. Part of the lure of startups and many private companies is the ability for virtually all employees to own a piece of their company. Unfortunately, it is difficult for many private company employees to realize the value of their equity (either through exercise or vesting) because of the unique way tax rules apply to employee grants at private companies. Under current law, employees are often required to pay taxes on the value of their shares long before they are able to sell and realize the economic value of those shares. This is due to the fact that, unlike public company employees who are able to sell shares in the public markets to offset the tax consequences of exercised or vested equity grants, private company employees do not have the ability to sell their shares since no public market (or liquid secondary market) exists. This means that many private company employees cannot cover the cost of taxes at the time of exercise/vesting through the sale of shares, but, instead, must pay those costs out of pocket. This situation is exacerbated for employees who have seen their options or shares grow significantly in value since their date of grant. In this case, taxes due on the difference between grant price and fair market value on the exercise or vesting date will be significant, meaning that many employees will never be able to afford to exercise their options and hold shares. As a result, many private company employees allow their equity grants to expire and lose a significant component of their compensation and potential future growth through the ownership stake. Your legislation would help solve this problem for many employees by providing them with the ability to choose to defer the payment of the income tax due upon exercise (or vesting in the case of restricted stock units) until the underlying stock is sold. This legislation is structured to minimize the revenue impact to all stakeholders by simply changing the timing of when income taxes are payable. Again, we thank you for your leadership on this issue. We look forward to working with you to help enact this common sense modification to our country’s tax laws so that employees of innovative American companies are able to acquire and retain more of their ownership interests in the businesses they help build. Sincerely, Palantir Technologies; Avalara, Inc.; AppNexus Inc; Bloom Energy; Sonos; Space Exploration Technologies Corp.; Return Path; Stripe; NASDAQ Private Market; Acquia Inc.; Addepar; Sailpoint Technologies Inc.; Casper; Meetup; Betterment; Squarespace; Bromium; Engine; TechNet: The Voice of the Innovation Economy; Kleiner Perkins Caulfield Byer. Angel Capital Association; Techstars; Hackers/Founders; Kansas City Startup Foundation; KC Tech Council; Y Combinator; GitHub Inc.; 23andMe, Inc.; Gusto; TechNexus; Accel; The Brandery; duolingo; Kabbage Inc.; Able Lending, Inc.; Garmentory; hobbyDB; Foot Cardigan; Equityzen Inc.; Foursquare. 2nd MD; Zaarly; Wealthfront Inc.; Hyperloop One; Medici.md; Automattic; Decibly; Medium; ClipMine, Inc.; whiteLabelLabs; Red & Blue Ventures; Global Accelerator Network; AIRMIKA, INC.; Innovation State; Hacom LLC; Village Capital; Help Scout; Filament; 60secondz; GeekGirlWeb, LLC. Virtkick, Inc.; Speed & Function; 804RVA; Wefunder; Neighborland; Goalbook; Bristlecone Holdings; Blue Startups; Seed Philly; Lighthouse Labs; Hangar; Carao Ventures; Pick1; Alpha Prime Ventures; eShares, Inc.; CrowdCheck Inc.; Lean Team Tuning LLC. 
Mr. PAULSEN. I urge all my colleagues in supporting this very commonsense, bipartisan, and bicameral legislation to increase employee ownership and accelerate American innovation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ), someone who has been a sponsor of this bill, and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding me the time. I first want to recognize Congressman ERIKPAULSEN , my colead in drafting the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act that we are debating today here on the floor. I appreciate his work in helping to draft this and our offices working together to do that. We have drafted up a bipartisan bill that, on the merits, should be able to pass the House with an overwhelming majority—overwhelming majority. But I must state my disappointment with the majority—and not necessarily with the sponsor of this bill, but the leadership of the majority—for refusing to allow a simple upordown vote on my amendment, joined by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ), to offset the $1 billion cost of this bill over 10 years, so that we could empower workers without saddling our children and our grandchildren and our greatgrandchildren with more debt. Now that, in and of itself, is problematic in terms of hoisting additional debt on our children, grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren, if it weren’t for the fact that we also have crises facing America, including the Zika virus. I wonder how the women who today are pregnant and have the virus in them feel about the fact that we are doing a tax bill today, unpaid for, and yet are requiring an offset or a payfor for money to go towards Zika virus, or the fact that we have been here for over a year and have not yet found the wherewithal to help the good people of Flint, Michigan, unless we find a way to pay for that assistance and that help; but somehow we are able to do this worthy bill on its face without a payfor. With respect to the underlying bill, I think all of us are growing increasingly concerned that far too many American workers have not been sharing in the success of the companies that they helped make successful. This bill aims to address that issue by promoting employee ownership, very egalitarian, something I know many on my side of the aisle are very excited about. The Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act would allow workers at privately held firms and startups to defer the income taxes on their stock options up to 7 years or until a triggering event occurs that allows the stock to be sold, whichever occurs sooner. The proposed legislation is needed to address realworld situations where employees of privately held firms, who are provided the opportunity to become part owners of the company they helped build through the granting of stock options and shares, cannot exercise that stock without paying taxes on them as income, even though the options cannot be readily sold. For example, there is no market for them to be sold on. Businesses often offer stock to employees to share the value of their companies, recruit and maintain talented workers, and offer compensation in addition to a salary that they receive. Stock options also provide smaller startup companies the ability to compete with larger, more established companies in attracting top talent. b1330 Currently, when an employee exercises their right to obtain stock in their company, it is a taxable event and taxed in the same way as any other form of compensation they receive. In publicly traded companies, when employees exercise their stock options or shares vest, the employee is able to turn around and sell a small portion of that stock that is on the public market to pay the tax they owe, while at the same time continuing to retain shares and partial ownership of the company they work for. Unfortunately, for employees of private companies and startups, there is no market for employees to sell their shares to cover the tax liability that they are exposed to in the same way that a publicly traded company employee has those liabilities. 
This tax burden prevents employees of privately held companies from exercising their stock in the first place. That means they lose out on a share of their income, they lose out on the ability to become an owner in their company, and they lose out on part of their investment in their employer’s long term goals. This bill defers the taxes owed for employees of privately held companies for 7 years or until there is what is known as a ‘‘triggering event,’’ which occurs when a stock is sold. Examples of triggering events are stock buybacks, acquisitions, or the company itself going public. Besides making it easier for lower wage workers to become owners in their company, this bill encourages companies to offer more stock to more workers. We do this by stating that, to obtain these important recruitment and retention benefits, a company must offer at least 80 percent of their fulltime workforce the option to own stock. This 80 percent employee participation number excludes those who own 1 percent or more of the company as well as the CEO and CFO and the four highestpaid officers. In small startups, excluding senior management and mandating an 80 percent employee coverage test ensures that more employees and those further down the chain of command will be offered to share in the success of the company. It is a good policy and, as I said before, it enjoys bipartisan support. Because the bill is a tax expenditure, the Joint Committee on Taxation states that it would cost the Treasury and the American taxpayers $1 billion over 10 years. Unfortunately, as I stated earlier, an effort that was led by my colleague from California (Ms. ESHOO ) and myself to ensure this good policy was enacted without further adding to the debt and the deficit and by adding debt to future generations, unfortunately, was rejected by the majority. It is unfortunate. While the Republicans in the Congress refuse to fund a billion dollars to help pregnant women in Florida, as I said before, fight off the Zika virus or provide clean drinking water to the people of Flint, Michigan, they are continuing their dangerous path of passing tax cuts that will explode the deficit. Indeed, just in 2016, Ways and Means Committee Republicans have passed almost $55 billion in tax cuts out of the committee, all of which, if enacted, would blow up the deficit. Let’s be clear: Who will pay for this tab? Will it be us? No. We will pass the tab on to our children, our grandchildren, and our greatgrandchildren to pay for our excesses. It all boils down to values, my friends. So while I oppose this legislation today—a bill that I am a cosponsor of— I am heartened by the fact that the Senate Finance Committee passed a companion bill to this bill just yesterday on a bipartisan basis. I don’t know how they did it, but somehow they found an offset, Democrats and Republicans working together, which I attempted to do with my colleagues on the Republican side. They found an offset. It is remarkable the Republicans in the Senate thought it was important enough to pay for this and not add further debt to our future generations. I look forward to supporting this bill when it comes back to the House, fully paid for, when we take up the Senate bill. We know that is what is going to happen. I look forward to working with the Senate to enact this good policy into law, but without saddling our children, our grandchildren, and our great grandchildren with the cost of this benefit. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader, who has moved forward and focused attention on a number of different innovation initiatives. These initiatives have come from listening to entrepreneurs. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding and, most importantly, for his work. It is not just the work today, but it is the work every day for almost all Americans. When we talk about medical devices, they are so important to keep people alive. Well, there is one person in this House who led the charge to make sure that tax was repealed so that more medical devices and more jobs could be created, and that is the author of this bill. This bill is giving more Americans the opportunity for ownership. Isn’t that the American Dream? It is interesting, Mr. Speaker. I hear a lot of words on this floor. I heard just recently words about values. You know what is interesting? The record doesn’t lie. I hear on this floor about values and I hear on this floor about Zika. Do you know what? That is one of the greatest threats to the citizens of America. That is why this House did not delay in acting. We passed not once, but twice, funding for $1.7 billion. But, Mr. Speaker, the sad part was that one side of the aisle got into another fight and tried to punish Americans, so they all voted ‘‘no.’’ And then it goes back, but it passes—thank God—because the majority took it up and sent it to the Senate. Do you know what happened over in the Senate? The minority party has voted not once, not twice, but three times, not against the bill, but even allowing the bill to be brought up. While those Americans sit back and are very fearful about Zika, it was one party denying the bill to even come up in the Senate to get to the President. So, yes, Mr. Speaker, when we talk about values, values matter. That is what we are talking about today. The House is considering two important pieces of innovation initiatives. The values. The values of creating jobs. The first is by Representative WILLHURDto improve government IT systems. The second is by Representative ERIKPAULSENto help startups attract and retain the best employees they can. These bills go right to the heart of the innovation initiative’s two goals: to bring innovation into government and enable innovation in the private sector. Now, I am not breaking any news here, but too many of our technology systems in government are increasingly outdated. So here are the facts. Last year alone, the Federal Government spent 80 percent—get this right— 80 percent of the $80 billion directed to IT just maintaining old legacy systems. That is 80 percent of $80 billion. Representative WILLHURD’s bipartisan legislation will help bring government technology systems into the modern age, allowing the government to do its job more effectively, save taxpayers money, and keep public information secure. However, even as we use innovation to improve the way government functions, we can’t ignore the importance of innovation in the private sector. You see, an innovation economy is a fundamental part of the American success story. Today we have these businesses we call gazelles. Gazelles are small startups that grow 20 percent every year or double every 2 years. Gazelles make up 4 percent of all new startups. But do you know what? They make up 70 percent of all new jobs. We have not reached America’s full potential. Not even close. We need to update our laws to enable further innovation so that those with good ideas can create even more opportunity for Americans. The idea of innovation producing growth is why we are voting today on Representative ERIK PAULSEN ’s Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act. The truth is, when the startups are funded and founded, they can’t offer potential employees the same salaries and benefits of those companies that have already become household names, but they can offer partial ownership. That is the American Dream. Offering stock options not only allows startups to attract the workers they need, it also gives employees a greater stake in the success of the company. But, unfortunately, the current Tax Code punishes many employees who own stock, taxing them before they even have the opportunity to sell the stock to pay the bill. Representative PAULSEN ’s bill allows workers to actually own a piece of the company that they work for. It defers the tax they owe on the stocks for a time so that they have the opportunity to work for a young company that may not have the most resources, but does have a vision of a future that they can believe in. 
By giving companies the chance to hire and retain the best employees, do you know what happens? We will have more innovation, more growth, and more success for the American people. As you grow in America and get older and have children, you no longer worry about what you will do. You worry about what opportunities your children will have. Don’t you dream that one day maybe your children can even own a piece of their company? But don’t you hate to wake up and have the government punish you so that you can’t be that owner? Why wouldn’t you want government to work for you? Why wouldn’t you want government to enhance? Why wouldn’t you want innovation? You want a government that is more effective, more efficient, and more accountable. You want a private sector that is able to spur growth and create more jobs. And you want a country that can protect you from the Zika virus. Well, you know what? This Congress has acted on all of those and will act on the rest of them today. I hope that it is a bipartisan vote to represent all Americans. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ), my good friend and colleague. Ms. ESHOO. I thank the gentleman from New York, my good friend, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in reluctant opposition not to the legislation—because I am a cosponsor of it and I think it is a very good bill and I think it is an important bill—Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act. The underlying policy of this bill—it is bipartisan, as has been stated—is to allow employees of privately owned companies to be able to defer taxes owed on exercised stock options for up to 7 years. I think that there is unanimity on this. I know something about stock options. I have represented Silicon Valley for 24 years. I led the House in a battle many, many years ago on stock options. And I won that, by the way. So I know how stock options work, and I think that it is very important for nonpublic entities—the startups, first of all—to be able to attract people. When they attract these talented employees, the option of stock options with a deferred tax status would be very, very important. It is a magnet. We always want new businesses to be born. We want them to grow. We want them to go public. We want them to employ more people. That is the way our economy works. I think that it is a very, very important policy to support. But I also think that—as we recognize the responsibility to take a step to help to expand our economy, I also think it is responsible to think about how we conduct our finances. I wish I had a dime or a nickel for every time someone has come to the floor, especially from the other side, pounding their chest about the national debt. So here we have a combination of good policy and irresponsible fiscal policy. b1345 Now, Mr. CROWLEY and I went to—I couldn’t make it, but it was our amendment at the Rules Committee to pay for this. The Joint Committee on Taxation says it is going to cost over $1 billion over 10 years. Now, when first responders who got sick after the dollars were expended and we wanted them covered because they were, essentially, dying, they were over at the Energy and Commerce Committee, the majority said we are not doing this bill unless it is paid for. That was a national emergency, but you couldn’t find the time or the way to take care of that. When are we going to stop charging things to the national debt? Why do you think it is all right to do it this way? I really wonder if you want bipartisan support. The American people want bipartisanship. They want it done responsibly. But they also want us—don’t your constituents ask you how you are going to bring the debt down? Come on. This is like political crossdressing here. Why wouldn’t the Rules Committee say: You know what? These Members are right, and they are offering a very sensible way to pay for this bill. We gave you the pathway for it. We give you the answer for it. We say we will support the policy. We want it paid for. Why do you turn that down? So I think it is sad, I really do. And all of this happy talk that comes to the floor about innovation, and we know and we are doing and whatever, I have represented it for 24 years, and I think one of the values of my constituents is fiscal responsibility as well as good policy, and that is what we offered. So I urge my colleagues to examine the two prongs, not just the one. This could have been bipartisan and you could have passed it on a voice vote, for heaven’s sake, if you had it paid for. And that is why I am on the floor to object to the way this is done, not to the policy, but that it isn’t paid for. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to please address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ), who has been a passionate advocate for entrepreneurship. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, entrepreneurship and employee ownership as well. I rise in support of H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, a bill that will allow certain employee recipients of employer stock to defer paying income tax on the stock until they are able to liquidate a portion of the stock to pay those taxes or once 7 years have passed, whichever comes first. This is a modest but meaningful step in the right direction. It is a modest and meaningful step toward transforming our economy into an ownership society where employees are empowered with a direct and enduring stake in the wellbeing of their company. I applaud Representative PAULSEN  for offering this legislation and Chairman BRADY for shepherding it through his committee and onto the floor. As you may know, Mr. Speaker, I have a bill that was crafted in the same spirit as this bill that we are considering today. It is a bill that, in my view, should be this body’s next step, after this step forward, toward creating an ownership society. My bill, the Expanding Employee Ownership Act of 2016, which is H.R. 4577, would permanently exempt from income tax liability any stock that was received by employees as part of a broadbased distribution to all employees, so long as the employees held on to the stock for 5 years. If the employee holds the stock for 10 years or more, after that, a mechanism is triggered that allows the employees to sell their stock free of capital gains tax. So by giving the employee a pass on income tax for their stock or capital gains tax for their stock, we will greatly expand the number of working people in our country who own part of the company and maybe own a majority of the companies owned by employees throughout this country. As we know, employee ownership has many positive attributes, and this bill takes us a step toward that. Studies show that employees who own a share in their company are more productive and prudent. Studies further show that employeeowned companies are generally more profitable and have a lower turnout rate. You have a solidarity between management and labor when the people working for a company own part of the company that they work for. It is more of a partnership. Free enterprise doesn’t just mean profit motive for the capitalists. It means profit motive—not only just profit motive, but it means freedom for everyone to participate in a system where ownership is so important to standard of living. What has been really very disturbing in our society for these last 30, 40 years is we see the income disparity that exists in our society. Much of it is because working class people have been kept out of capital ownership, and that small, small number of Americans who own the capital have now vast amounts of wealth. Well, I am not against people being wealthy, but I think that we should make sure our system is designed as our Founding Fathers meant it to be, where you have a maximum amount of people enjoying the freedom and liberty and rights of all the rest of the citizens. This bill today and my proposal would just take us down a path in 
which employees and ordinary working people would not only have a stake in their own company, but probably would have a stake in owning capital, which would bring down this disparity between working people and people of wealth. So today I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again I want to reiterate, I do appreciate working with Mr. PAULSEN on this issue, and there is really no opposition from me in terms of the policy that we are attempting to put forward here on the floor today. We all agree on the merits of the bill. It is a good bill. I think you have heard that from the ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means, and you also heard it from the gentlewoman on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Ms. ESHOO . Obviously, Mr. PAULSEN and I both agree that this bill has merit. It is a good bill. But I don’t believe this will become law today. This bill, the one we are actually debating and we will have a vote on today, in and of itself, will not be enacted in its form today. We need to enact good policies but not punish our next generation with new debt. That is something I have been reiterating over and over again. So I will vote ‘‘no’’ today on this bill, even though I am the cosponsor of the bill. That is not the only reason why I will not support the underlying bill today, not just because of placing the debt and the burden of that debt on my children, our children, your grandchildren and greatgrandchildren, but because of the fact that there are a number of crises going on in our country today that the Congress, the Republican Congress, simply can’t get their hands around, and some are questioning whether they want to get their hands around them at all. Here is a shocking statistic. Back in June of this year, it was reported by the CDC that 234 women in the 48 States, the continental United States, 234 women had contracted the Zika virus—pregnant women. I am sorry, pregnant women, 234 pregnant women. While we were here in Congress in the month of June and July and then we broke for 7 weeks in August, and there was no work here done on the floor to address the issue of the Zika virus, as of the middle of September, of this month, in the U.S., 48 continental U.S. States, 749 pregnant women now have the Zika virus. That is three times as many people in a 3month period. Now, I don’t suggest that possibly it would be, in 3 months from now, three times higher than it is today. In fact, I would argue it is probably a lot higher if we continue down this road of not addressing this issue at all. But I would have to be one of the 515 women who contracted the Zika virus at the end of June and—why were we here in Congress and did not enact Zika legislation all through July, all through the month of August into September? If I am one of those 515 women who is now pregnant, I have got to wonder: What is my government doing? They may have gotten it anyway, but at least the government may have been making an attempt to prevent them from contracting the virus. If I am one of those women, I am saying: The government didn’t do anything. The Republican Congress, who controls the House of Representatives and controls the Senate, didn’t do anything and, instead, forced the President to move money around the NIH, taking from cancer research, taking from the Ebola issue, taking those resources to try to stop the water from coming out of the dam, putting a finger in the hole. And that is a euphemism. I mean, at the end of the day, if you are one of the 515 women, there is no answer for it. There is no agreeable answer to them. They are living a nightmare. And let’s think about the thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of children under the age of 9 in Flint, Michigan, who have been exposed to horrific levels of lead poisoning in their drinking water, unbeknownst to them and their families. Imagine you are the mother of that child or the father of that child, and you were giving them that drinking water, the guilt you must feel because you didn’t know that there was lead in that water. You didn’t know that your local government, your State government had let you down, and now your Federal Government is letting you down because we are not doing anything for them. When the call is to do something and there are negotiations going on, we are not going to have to pay for the tax cuts; but folks in Michigan and Flint and folks in Florida—and now Texas has to be concerned, the southern tier of the United States—we are going to have to find an offset to address your emergent issues. A tax cut for a bill that I think is worthy, we don’t need a tax cut for it. We don’t need a payfor for the tax cut. But for an emergent crisis like Zika, like what happened in Flint, we have to find an offset. How would you feel? How would you feel, America, if that happened to you? How would you feel about the Republican leadership of the House of Representatives and the Senate if that happened to you? I know how I would feel. I know how I feel. I feel disappointed. I feel let down. I feel like the Republican leadership and caucus in the House and the Senate doesn’t have your back, doesn’t have my back. That is how I feel about it. That is how Americans feel. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As we close, let me just start by thanking my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that have spoken in favor of the merits of the bill and in support for the bill. We all know that startups fuel innovation. b1400 It is the entrepreneurial spirit and American ingenuity and knowhow that has produced new technologies and has produced new breakthroughs and new inventions to improve health care, to improve society, and to create more jobs and economic growth. It is part of our DNA. Startups don’t have the ability to offer potential employees and new talent the same benefits or same salaries that can be more valuable in the long run than larger institutions can offer to certain employees. So, instead, these startups have to go forward and offer their employees something that could be more valuable—a chance to be a part of the company, a chance to own a piece of the rock. A lot of startups offer stock options to recruit top talent. It is an incentive for an employee to work hard for the company they believe in or in the idea that they believe in. But more and more often, employees at these startups are missing out. They are missing out on the opportunity because they are not exercising their stock options to have the equity in the company that they believe in. They are not exercising them because if they do, they have to immediately pay the taxes on the income associated with the stock even though they may not be able to afford the cash payment to do so. A big number of these startups, Mr. Speaker, are privately held with no market for the employees to sell a portion of their stock to pay their taxes. The IRS demands the tax payment immediately, and so those employees let their options expire. They never have the chance to get the investment at a job they believe in and a job they enjoy. But, today, Mr. Speaker, we are fixing that. We have a solution. We are giving these startup employees a reasonable time period to pay the tax, allowing them to wait until their stock becomes tradeable on a public market so they can sell it to pay the bill. Helping the innovation economy is a key and important way to promote new products, to promote new services, and to promote new ideas from the dreamers, the inventors, and entrepreneurs we have in America. Letting those innovators attract the brightest and best talent is going to keep America out front, always innovating, always creating, and always inspiring American leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 875, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6004, the Modernizing Government Technology Act of 2016. Let me also thank my good friend and coauthor of this bill, Mr. HURDof Texas, for his leadership in shepherding this bill through our committee and now on to the floor. Sometimes, deservedly, Congress gets dinged on for not being able to get anything done. But the fact of the matter is that, below the surface, lots of things can and do get done with leadership, collaboration, and partnership. Mr. HURD of Texas epitomizes that, and my hat is off to him for his contribution on this whole front of IT modernization and helping to bring the Federal Government into the 21st century when it comes to the use of technology. Every day Federal agencies endure cyber attacks that have the potential to cause incalculable damage to national security and the privacy of all Americans. While the Federal Government does its best to protect our critical computer networks, our efforts are often stymied by the outdated legacy information technologies in Federal agencies. Agencies spend nearly 75 percent of their IT budgets simply trying to maintain these outdated systems. Let me repeat that: in an $82 billion program for IT acquisition procurement and management, 75 percent of that budget is not spent in updating the Federal Government in cutting edge technologies. It is spent maintaining what we have got, and in some cases, those legacy systems go back 40 and 50 years. I am proud to lead the Modernizing Government Technology Act of 2016 with Mr. HURD of Texas to help our cyber defenders protect our most important digital resources. When you are dealing with outmoded technology, legacy systems oftentimes can’t be protected. They can’t be encrypted, and that makes them terribly vulnerable— low hanging fruit to those who would do harm to our country and would compromise the data of millions of Americans. This bill in front of us marries the IT Modernization Act and the MOVE IT Act by establishing a clear role for both of these pieces of legislation in this improvement process for Federal IT systems. The MGT Act lays the foundation for the future of IT modernization funding in the Federal Government. This bipartisan legislation will provide a mechanism for agencies to get ahead of the curve and help reduce the fiscal challenges facing every agency chief information officer, or CIO. The MGT Act will authorize a significant upfront investment to retire those vulnerable largescale legacy systems affecting multiple agencies. Under the guidance of an Information Technology Modernization Board, agencies will be able now to request funds to facilitate those modernization efforts—something that would absolutely be the practice in the private sector, as I know my friend, Mr. HURD of Texas, knows. If approved, those funds will be repaid through savings realized by the implementation of the more modern IT systems. The bill places an emphasis on following the practice of private industry and moving toward cloud computing solutions. The MGT Act will allow agencies to invest savings generated through the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, or FITARA for short, and other reforms to make investments in cloud transition. I was delighted to be a coauthor of the FITARA Act along with DARRELL  ISSAof California. The MGT Act will establish working capital funds that will allow those agencies to use savings from new, secure systems and to reinvest in themselves, including in the movement toward the cloud. This creates incentives for agencies to find those savings and reinvest internally in themselves, creating a virtuous cycle. The Modernizing Government Technology Act is supported by industry experts and incorporates the same sort of mechanisms the private sector often uses to secure its networks. It is important for agencies to know that Congress not only expects agencies to implement robust, modern cyber safeguards, but that it is here to help them confront these challenges. This reform has the potential to significantly speed up the Federal Government’s move to the 21st century technologies. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), my friend, pointed out, the GAO has identified that millions of taxpayer dollars can be saved through consolidating data centers and modernizing IT systems. b1415 To date, agencies have closed over 3,000 data centers out of over 10,000, resulting in a savings of $2.8 billion. This bill authorizes agencylevel working capital funds, as well as a centralized IT modernization fund within Treasury and overseen by OMB. These funds will accelerate our transition to modernize IT systems and will save American taxpayers millions of dollars. In other words, welcome to the 21st century, Federal Government. It is about time you got here. The Modernizing Government Technology Act does not appropriate any new money, but, instead, builds on the successes of FITARA, which Mr. CONNOLLY was instrumental in making happen. It also invests savings in retiring these data systems and accelerating our transition to the cloud. Folks recognize that sometimes up here in Washington, D.C., it can be a circus, but there are times when folks working together can actually solve major problems. This is one example of being in a partisan part of our election cycle where people working together can solve a big problem and do it to make sure that we are using American taxpayer dollars wisely and eventually, hopefully, making sure they keep some of that at home. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my good friend from Texas. He is always gracious and has always been a wonderful partner in this enterprise. In closing, the United States Government must come into the 21st century. We owe it to the people we serve to protect the systems that operate within the 24 Federal agencies we are particularly concerned about. We need to streamline management of IT assets; we need to make strategic and wise investments; we need to have a schedule of replacement for most of those legacy systems; and we need to encrypt and protect against cyber attacks for the sake of the American people. I think Mr. HURDand I share that as a critical mission not only for this Congress, but for the United States Government as a whole. I am proud, again, to be an original coauthor and cosponsor of this legislation, working with Mr. HURD. I know we have other initiatives we are going to be working on as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6004, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGE ON H.R. 1777, PRESIDENTIAL ALLOWANCE MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding the order of the House of July 25, 2016, I ask unanimous consent that further consideration of the veto message and the bill, H.R. 1777, be postponed until the legislative day of December 9, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
b1625 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia) at 4 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 236, noes 178, not voting 17, as follows: [Roll No. 543] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Dingell Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Loudermilk Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 543. 
EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES THROUGH STOCK OWNERSHIP ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5719) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. 
This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 287, nays 124, not voting 20, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—124 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Nadler Napolitano O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Graves (LA) Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Meadows Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Smith (NJ) Stutzman Tiberi Walker Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 544, H.R. 5719, Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
SOCIAL SECURITY MUST AVERT IDENTITY LOSS (MAIL) ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5320) to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAM JOHNSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal 
Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Larson (CT) Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rokita Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 544 (on passage of H.R. 5719), 545 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5320), 546 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5946), 547 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 2285), 548 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5523), 549 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5625), 550 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended House Amendment to S. 1550), 551 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 4419), and 552 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5963) I did not cast my vote due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on all of the votes. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: S. 1878. An act to extend the pediatric priority review voucher program. S. 2683. An act to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. 
The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 110–315, the Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, appoints the following individual to be a member of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: Steven VanAusdle of Washington vice Cameron Staples of Connecticut. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1296) to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1296 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act (Public Law 100–675) is amended by inserting after section 111 the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The bill before us today helps bring closure to almost 50 years of litigation and uncertainty that have impacted tribal and nontribal communities in southern California. b1800 Negotiations between five tribes, water districts, cities, and Federal Government have been ongoing for decades, and this bill represents the results of those successful negotiations. The Federal money has already been appropriated for this settlement, and this bill, as amended, includes provisions that are aimed at resolving direct spending issues that have been identified by the Congressional Budget Office. It is not often that both sides of the aisle come to an agreement on anything involving California water. While I hope that we will have agreement on larger California water issues in the near future, this bill shows that we can come together. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill approves a water rights settlement agreement that would resolve nearly five decades of litigation. That is a great thing. The 2015 settlement between the United States and the parties that Mr. DENHAM just mentioned is important, and approving this settlement will finally put an end to years of bitter fighting over water rights in the San Luis Rey River Basin. It also leaves intact the full amount of funds Congress previously appropriated for the tribes. This kind of negotiation is important, and the painstaking work that has gone into it is to be commended. Now it is up to Congress to do its part to implement a wellcrafted settlement. I commend my colleagues across the aisle for introducing this bill and for moving it through the House, and I thank the committee staffs on both sides who have been working hard to bring this bill to the floor. I have to say, though, Mr. Speaker, that all of this good, collaborative work represented in Mr. HUNTER ’s bill stands in contrast to another set of pending water agreements in our State. I hope that the Obama administration will look at this successful example of collaboration in San Diego County and reconsider its current approach to the WestlandsSan Joaquin Valley drainage disputes, where Congress and the public have been extremely illserved. In the two pending drainage agreements, the Interior Department has agreed to waive hundreds of millions of dollars that are owed to taxpayers. They have failed to close off potential litigation risks from other parties and have failed to secure actual commitments to clean up the contamination. They have also promised to write a new, permanent water contract for a party that is not a tribal party but is in an arid state where everyone is hurting for clean water. Meanwhile, we weren’t able to receive administration testimony on one of the agreements due, in part, to a pending inspector general investigation of the beneficiaries. I am hopeful that, in the next administration and in a new Congress, we can do a better job on this drainage issue and, specifically, that we will be able to tackle those California drainage disputes with the same level of collaboration and problemsolving that we have seen in the San Luis Rey Basin. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER). Mr. HUNTER. I thank the gentleman and my great friend from California. Mr. Speaker, the parties to this settlement have been working towards a resolution for almost 50 years; so I will keep my remarks brief so that we don’t delay them any further. Before I get into the substance of this bill, I thank Chairman BISHOP , Chairman F LEMING , and the Natural Resources Committee staff for their assistance in getting this bill to the floor right now. I also thank my friends across the aisle. Today we are addressing an issue that dates back to the late 19th century, when the Federal Government established reservations—in what is now my district in northern San Diego County—for five Mission Indian bands. The creation of these reservations included sufficient water to meet the bands’ present and future needs. However, in 1969, litigation arose surrounding whether the Federal Government improperly signed over the bands’ water rights claims to two nonIndian municipalities—what are today the city of Escondido and the Vista Irrigation District. In 1988, after decades of litigation, Congress enacted legislation that was introduced by former Congressman Ron Packard, the 1988 San Luis Rey Water Rights Settlement Act. Among its provisions, the legislation directed the U.S. Secretary of the Interior to provide water annually to the tribes and established the San Luis Rey Tribal Development Fund. However, that act only becomes effective when all of the parties to the litigation enter into a settlement agreement providing for the complete resolution of all claims. That is what the legislation we are considering today accomplishes. This legislation puts into effect a previous Department of Justice settlement agreed to by all parties—the five Mission Indian bands, the two local municipalities, and the Federal Government—and requires no new money or water to be enacted. With the passage of H.R. 1296, Congress can, at last, end this dispute and finalize the action it sought in passing the original settlement act in 1988. I urge all Members to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, in closing, this is one small step to California’s water solutions. It is about time that we came together on this one small issue in California. Now it is time to face the much bigger issues of a droughtstricken State that continues to see a lack of water storage. It is time that we find a real solution for all of California. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1296, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ROBERT EMMET PARK ACT OF 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4564) to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4564 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Robert Emmet Park Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, introduced by Congressman CROWLEY of New York, redesignates a small, triangular property in Washington, D.C., that is currently designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302, as Robert Emmet Park. Robert Emmet is a prominent historical figure who is known for his role in the Irish Rebellion of 1803 and for his classic Speech from the Dock that inspired future efforts to gain Irish independence. Last April marked the 100th anniversary of the 1916 uprising, commonly known as the Easter Rising by Irish Republicans, to end British rule and establish an independent Irish Republic. The small property redesignated by the bill is located just a few blocks from the Irish Embassy, and it currently features a nearly 100yearold statue of Robert Emmet—a source of pride for America’s Irish community. The bill also authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to post informational signage regarding Robert Emmet and his statue in the park. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, Robert Emmet was an Irishman who was inspired by our hardfought independence in this country, and he wanted the same for his native land. I think this bill is a wonderful thing for Ireland and a wonderful thing for Irish Americans, including for my colleague, Mr. CROWLEY, a great, proud Irish American. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4564 designates a small triangle of land in Washington, DC as the Robert Emmet Park. The parcel is home to a statue of Robert Emmet, a seminary figure in Ireland’s quest for independence. The bill also authorizes the National Park Service, which managed the area, to add interpretive displays and signage to the area. Emmet admired the independence we achieved in this country, and only wanted the same freedom and liberty for his compatriots. These powerful sentiments are a charge to all of us in this Chamber and throughout the country: that we put the good of our fellow countrymen before our individual gains and that we work together to preserve this great Nation. By designating this small plot of land and the accompanying statue as Robert Emmet Park, this stands as a constant reminder of the call to liberty and freedom that binds our Nation together. I am glad to support this bill and thank the sponsor, Representative JOE CROWLEY of New York, the vicechair of the Democratic Caucus. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank both of my friends from California for bringing this bill to the floor today. I am not a member of the requisite committee, but I appreciate the work that was done to bring it to the floor. I thank them both for speaking in favor of this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting that we are here this week at the cusp of the grand opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture here in Washington, D.C.—a, rightfully, magnificent building here on The Mall of our Nation’s Capital. I think, after listening to a few of the remarks I will make about this little piece of property here in Washington, it is a modicum in comparison to that, but it is, I think, worthy of our support. This is a bipartisan bill that is before us today. It has earned the support of both sides of the aisle. Specifically, it would name a small parcel of land in Washington, D.C., as the Robert Emmet Park. In some ways, the name can be considered a formality because, as has been mentioned by Mr. DENHAM , there is already a statue of Emmet that has been in the park for decades. It is the only statue in the very small park, and it is situated so that it is the main visible feature to visitors. I hope one doesn’t mind my sharing just a little of the history here today. The Robert Emmet statue first came into the possession of the United States 100 years ago, when thenPresident Woodrow Wilson, other Cabinet members, diplomats, and Members of Congress joined in the acceptance ceremony. The statue was a gift from the Irish American community and was created by renowned artist Jerome Connor. After it was donated, it graced the rotunda of the National Museum of Natural History for its first 50 years. In the 1960s, it was moved to its current location in the park, and it was rededicated. The statue has stood there ever since and has been admired by millions of tourists, visitors, local residents, and passersby. But this is not just a statue. For many Americans, the admiration for Robert Emmet reflects a deep and abiding pride in Irish American history as well as the lasting, worldwide influence of our own American history. That is because, over 200 years ago, inspired by George Washington and the American Revolution, Emmet led an attempt to free Ireland from British rule. For this effort, he was captured and was ultimately executed. In the course of his execution, he gave one of the most famous speeches in history, known as the Speech from the Dock. His cause lived on not only because he paid the ultimate price on September 20, 1803, but because of his incredible and indelible words that he spoke that day. In his speech, Emmet spoke about how George Washington and the American independence struggle inspired his actions. He spoke about his desire for sovereignty and for independence for his own land. He spoke about his desire for freedom and uttered words that live on in the hearts of Irish Americans and of all freedomloving people throughout the world. I quote from that speech: Let no man write my epitaph; for as no man who knows my motives dare now vindicate them, let not prejudice or ignorance asperse them. Let them and me rest in obscurity and peace and my tomb remain uninscribed and my memory in oblivion until other times and other men can do justice to my character. When my country takes her place among the nations of the Earth, then—and not till then—let my epitaph be written. 
It is dangerous to paraphrase a famous speech; but basically Emmet was saying not to write his epitaph until the struggle was won. He believed it ultimately would be won someday. The brilliance of his speech and the courage of his convictions had a profound impact on people throughout the world, but particularly in Ireland. Understand that he was subject to execution—he was hung, drawn, and quartered—and he knew that that is what he was facing; yet he had the ability to 
deliver one of the greatest speeches in the history of mankind. Scholars indicate that President Abraham Lincoln knew and recited the very speech I just alluded to. The American author Washington Irving wrote of Emmet, and many schoolchildren across our country memorized parts of the speech I just referred to. I, myself, learned of that passage during time spent at my high school, my alma mater, Power Memorial Academy in New York City. Emmet and his speech also had a real and concrete impact on our own American history. In fact, organizations called the Emmet Monument Association sprung up in the United States. Their goal was to build a burial monument to Emmet on which that promised epitaph, one day, could be written. Since Emmet had requested that Ireland be free before his epitaph were written, these were really Fenian freedom organizations. b1815 Over the years, these and other organizations were supported by countless Americans not only in New York, Boston, and Washington, D.C., but throughout our land, Irish and non Irish alike. Their work was the precursor to later American roles in the struggle for Ireland’s independence, and their presence played a major part in American political life for many, many, many decades. When the Emmet statue was moved to its current location 50 years ago, many leading American figures served on the bipartisan dedication committee, including thenSpeaker of the House John W. McCormack and Senators Everett Dirksen and Mike Mansfield. They were joined by the Secretary of the Interior Stewart Udall and Rector of St. Matthews Catholic Cathedral, John Cartwright. President Lyndon Johnson also conveyed his admiration for Emmet in a message to the event writing, ‘‘ . . . the sheer patriotism and the gallant courage of Robert Emmet has inspired Americans no less than Irishmen . . . We Americans are proud to accord a place of honor here in the Nation’s Capital to Robert Emmet, whose struggles and sacrifices bespeak the yearnings of mankind throughout the ages.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is clear that Congress and the U.S. Government have long recognized the significance of this park and its central statue in keeping alive not only the memory of Robert Emmet but the ideals that he fought and what he was executed for. I hope we can continue that record and the bipartisan cooperation here today by passing this legislation. This bill doesn’t require spending funds. It doesn’t require undue efforts. It doesn’t significantly rearrange any current setup of the park or the park system. It would simply attach the name ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’ to the existing small piece of land where that statue rests. I respectfully urge its passage. In closing, I thank the members and staff of the Natural Resources Committee for their work and their support of this measure. I greatly appreciate their work in ensuring that this is on the floor and that the bill passes today. I can’t do enough justice to the life of Robert Emmet, nor his brother, Thomas, for that matter, and all those who followed afterwards. He was an incredible inspiration, as I said, not only to Ireland but well beyond the shores of Ireland as well, including the United States of America. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would just like to thank Mr. CROWLEY for offering this important issue. It is important to Irish heritage, and it certainly deserves the recognition as a park right here in our local area of Washington, D.C. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4564. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials they might want to include on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 879 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5931. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1820 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5931) to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, with Mr. RUSSELL in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I raise this issue because, on three occasions now, we have had the transfer of pallets of cash to the Government of Iran, and this legislation would make certain that that does not happen again. The reason we do not want to pay cash to the Government of Iran has to do with all of the efforts that the international community has put into trying to track the conduct of that regime, which is a primary money laundering concern for the international financial community, and for the fact that particular government in Iran, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, has been the primary source of cash support for Hamas in the past and also today for Hezbollah. We could add to that the work of the IRGC in trying to get parts for their ballistic missile program as their agents are out and about Europe trying to buy this equipment. It is not in the interest of the United States to have the regime have cold, hard cash. So this legislation would put an end to that. As the Members of the House will recall, the President announced in January that the United States would pay Iran $1.7 billion to settle a dispute involving a 1979 arms deal. This payment came out of the blue. From the start, by the way, Iranian military commanders were saying that a hostage exchange, which I think most of us originally assumed, was going to be nine prisoners who were in the process of being convicted in the United States, of Iranian nationality, were going to be exchanged for the four hostages, the four Americans, that Iran was holding. Yet, from the beginning, as this was announced, you saw the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps speaking to this issue saying there was going to be a transfer of cash. Basically, there was going to be a ransom payment here in exchange for letting the Americans go. Well, it turns out that, after months of pressing from the Foreign Affairs Committee and the media, the Obama administration finally admitted that it had ignored the concerns from the Justice Department. Now, what was the Justice Department’s concerns? It had to do with the way in which the payment was being made. It had to do with the transfer of cash. As the Justice Department said, there is a longstanding U.S. policy against this process. Why? Because when you do so, you can expect to get more of the same kind of action from a state like Iran. Indeed, once the $1.7 billion in these three tranches of cash were paid, the 
result, after the release of Americans held hostage in Iran and after they announced in Iran that this was linked to these pallets of cash, then they took three more American hostages. They detained three more Americans and held them, plus a Canadian, plus a Frenchman, and a Brit. So, not surprisingly, I guess, Iran is continuing in this behavior. I think now the administration claims also that cash was the only way they could do this particular transaction, but that is simply not true. It could have permitted a transaction to go through the international financial system. How do we know this? Because they were making other payments through the international financial system to Iran as sanctions were being lifted through the proper procedure there. Just this week, the Treasury Department confirmed that other recent transactions with Iran were conducted through traditional banking channels. I think the reason this was done in pallets of cash, in my opinion, was because that is what the Iranians were demanding. The reason I think that is because that is what they are saying in terms of their television coverage of this. So the administration did choose to deliver $1.7 billion in untraceable assets to Iran’s radical regime. And that is problematic when the international body charged with developing policies to combat money laundering and combat terrorism financing tells us that, in their words, physical transportation of currency is one of the main methods used to move criminal assets, to launder money, and—to me, most importantly—to ‘‘finance terrorism.’’ I believe that, again, that is why the Iranian regime wanted the cash. It is not a coincidence to me that the desire for cash comes just as this committee’s legislation to crack down on banks that finance Hezbollah is having an impact. What kind of an impact? We have made it very, very hard for those in Hezbollah and Hamas to now get their hands on the support that previously had come through Iran. Iran and its proxies need cash, and we should not be transferring it to them. So this legislation, which passed out of the Foreign Affairs Committee last week, has two core elements: One, it prohibits future cash payments for any reason to Iran. And, two, it demands transparency and advanced notification of any future settlements related to the U.S.Iran Hague Tribunal so that the Congress is not surprised again. It poses a fundamental question: Are we comfortable providing Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism that is fueling a bloodbath in Syria, with billions of dollars in cash that they can turn around and funnel to the Assad regime, to Hezbollah, and to Hamas? I think, for all Members, the answer to that question is clear. I would urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in opposition to this bill. Let me start by underscoring my respect and admiration for our chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee and my friend, EDROYCE . It is unusual that we debate a Foreign Affairs bill subject to a rule because the vast majority of our legislation is the product of strong bipartisan collaboration. So I regret that the bill we are debating today doesn’t have support across the aisle, and all you need to do is read the bill’s title to know what I mean. There were 50 Republican sponsors and no Democrats. We really weren’t part of putting this bill together. And again and again in the bill, we see the word ‘‘ransom.’’ Now, I know that some of my colleagues and the chairman believe sincerely that the latest payment to Iran was a ransom. I happen to disagree. I think holding Iran’s money until Iran released American detainees was a pretty shrewd bargain. Whatever we think, using the word ‘‘ransom’’ turns this bill into a political hot button, a poke in the eye of the administration. Now, I don’t like or trust the Government of Iran. I voted against the Iran bill last year, and it is no secret that I have some differences with the President’s Iran policy. But I do know that pushing legislation just to embarrass the White House won’t help to resolve those differences we might have. b1830 I also question the bill’s focus on cash. Look, I share the view that any sum dumped into Iran’s bank account may be put to bad use. But, Mr. Chairman, I would have that concern whether the money got to Iran via cash, check, wire transfer, or stacks of gold bars. Money is money; it is fungible. We have no way of knowing what happens to it once it is in Iran’s hands. We can guess, but we have no way of knowing. Does that irk me? Sure, it does. Iran’s leaders do all sorts of things that irk me and, more important, that make the world less safe. But whether we like it or not, the payment we are talking about was Iran’s money. We paid it as part of a settlement under the Algiers Accords, which the United States signed in 1981. We have been making payments like this for decades—under Ronald Reagan, under George H.W. Bush, and now under Barack Obama—and in that time, regardless of how we sent the money, we haven’t had any control over what Iran does with it. I agree, it is deeply frustrating because we know what Iran is up to. We can’t control that, Mr. Chairman. But there are some things we can control. For instance, I agree with Chairman ROYCE that the way we found out about this payment gave Congress short shrift. We did receive a briefing, but we did not learn how and when the payment was going forward. Congress can, and should, make sure that happens with respect to future payments. That is what my amendment does, which I am going to introduce. In my view, that is what the Committee on Foreign Affairs would have done if we had advanced this bill according to our normal bipartisan process. Again, as I said, there was no input from the minority. It comes to the floor with 50 Republican cosponsors and not a single Democrat. I am not able to support the bill because, to me, it puts political concerns ahead of our legitimate concerns. I share the chairman’s feelings about Iran. I don’t think there is a dime’s worth of difference between our feelings with Iran. It is simply a matter of what is the best way to go about doing it. I don’t think this is the best way. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would make the point that, as we talk about whether Iran took possession of this money in cash or by check, that transaction is immaterial. I understand the argument here, but let me explain why I do not think that holds true with respect to the process here. There are other options that could have been followed, that have been followed by the international community when payment is made. For example, the administration could have held the funds in an escrow account overseas, verified that the end recipients of the funds were, in Iran, not sanctioned entities, like the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. By providing cash, the administration is doing the work for the Iranians that they need done in terms of preparatory work for money laundering. That is the problem. That is the problem with the way this was done. Cash transactions, in and of themselves, raise serious terrorism financing risks, according to the Financial Action Task Force; and that is the official body, international body, that sets the global standards for preventing money laundering and is most focused on stopping terror finance. What they say, again, is that the physical crossborder transportation of currency is the main method used to move illicit funds, to launder money, and to finance terrorism. That is why we want to cut off cash. These risks are particularly acute here because the State Department has identified Iran as the leading state sponsor of terrorism and as the country that is actively supporting terrorist organizations with cash, such as Hezbollah, Hamas as well, and then also assisting Syrian President Assad in his murderous assault on civilians. So that is the first point I would make. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ), a member of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership on this issue. I rise in support of this legislation, the Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act, of which I am a proud cosponsor. Last month, Mr. Chairman, information came to light the administration secretly paid a cash ransom to Iran, a state sponsor of terrorism, in exchange for the release of American hostages, a decision kept secret from Congress, a decision kept from Congress because, as this administration and its own State Department know well, it is longstanding U.S. policy to deny hostagetakers the benefits of ransom. In fact, just last year, President Obama issued a Presidential Policy Directive stating just that: ‘‘The United States Government will make no concessions to individuals or groups holding U.S. nationals hostage. It is United States policy to deny hostagetakers the benefits of ransom, prisoner releases, policy changes, or other acts of concession.’’ I fear this President has set a dangerous precedent for United States nationals and personnel abroad. We are already seeing it, Mr. Chairman. Since the ransom has been paid, Iran has taken seven more United States citizens hostage. This decision was not only foolish, but shortsighted. I have yet to mention where this money is likely to go. Iran has been designated as a state sponsor of terrorism by the U.S. State Department since 1984. It has supported groups like Hezbollah and Hamas, which call for the destruction of our allies, including Israel. The President would understandably like to deny ransom was paid and instead claim this was simply leverage and part of a settlement deal that he struck with the same Iranians who, by his own admission, have violated the spirit of his generous agreements before. For someone who holds the spirit of pledges in such high esteem, Mr. Chairman, I don’t think even the President could disagree that, at the very least, he violated the spirit of his own policy. This administration’s desire to appease a radical Iranian regime knows no bounds. Though the President stands idly by as the Iranians violate the terms of their agreement with the United States, Congress must not stand idly by while he violates his own deal with the American people. I thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership on this. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, H.R. 5931. It is time to cut off the cash. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), whose helpful amendment to this bill was adopted during the Committee on Foreign Affairs’ markup. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman ROYCE and rise in support of his legislation, Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act, which I cosponsored, to prohibit ransom payments to Iran, the largest state sponsor of terror. Iran calls America the Great Satan and pledges death to America. Iran is illegally testfiring ICBMs. They finance Assad in Syria, Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terror groups. Iran recently detained and embarrassed, publicly, U.S. Navy sailors. Iran currently is threatening U.S. Navy warships. Iran leaders do not respect American weakness—they prey upon it—and the U.S. is feeding into it, like the unsigned political commitment otherwise known as the Iran nuclear deal. Purchasing Iran’s heavy water didn’t help. Speaker RYAN has aptly pointed out, Secretary Kerry has been a shill for Iran, as if he is the president of the Tehran Chamber of Commerce. I am deeply troubled that earlier this year the Obama administration airlifted a cash ransom payment at the exact same moment as the release of four unjustly detained American hostages. Some people blindly loyal to this President will say that this was Iran’s money. No, it wasn’t. This was a disputed claim for decades, and for very good reason. In the late 1970s, Iran fell behind in their payments under the Foreign Military Sales program. Iran canceled their orders, overtook our Embassy, and then repudiated all foreign obligations. Not only have we been disputing Iran’s claim for $400 million, we had counterclaims against Iran, including one for $817 million. In fact, a Federal law from 2000 details a very specific requirement regarding payments to Iran from the FMS account, which was directly violated by the ransom payment to Iran. Between the 1979 Iranian Revolution and the 2000 law, U.S. victims of Iraniansponsored terrorism sued the Iranian Government in U.S. court with claims caused by Iran’s terrorism. The claims were paid by the U.S. Government. These claims were subrogated to the U.S., meaning that their claims against Iran became the U.S.’ claims against Iran. The 2000 law clearly states that ‘‘no funds shall be paid to Iran, or released to Iran . . . from the Foreign Military Sales Fund, until such subrogated claims have been dealt with to the satisfaction of the United States.’’ Yet President Obama paid Iran the full $400 million amount from the FMS fund, plus more than three times that amount in interest, a total of $1.7 billion in cash, in violation of the 2000 law. You can call a ransom payment leverage. But guess what, folks; it is still ransom. And why don’t we pay ransom? Because now, with the price paid on American hostages, Iran has now captured new, unjustly imprisoned American hostages. Passage of this bill is critically important, and I thank Chairman ROYCE  for his unyielding, inspiring leadership on this issue to hold Iran accountable. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The argument that the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) was making is based on the counter to this argument that the administration has made. What the administration has said is: Look, Iran says we owe them $400 million. We will impute the interest on that. The interest on the $400 million is $1.3 billion. Thus, we get to the $1.7 billion that the tribunal says we owe, and we will pay that in three tranches. The only way you get to that number, as Mr. ZELDIN has pointed out, is if you ignore the fact that in 2000, pursuant to a law signed by President Clinton, American taxpayers provided $400 million, the same amount as in the FMS trust fund, to U.S. citizens who had won judgments against Iran for its support of terror. So the United States Government then took on their $400 million in claims against Iran. So, in fact, those two sums should have been netted out. In fact, according to this law, the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act, the President was required to attempt to recover that money, that $400 million from Iran, to the satisfaction of the United States. As part of this settlement, we are just finding out—get this—we are just finding out that the administration is letting Iran off the hook for the $400 million plus interest. These sums would have netted out to zero. According to the State Department, the administration has agreed to no longer pursue that $400 million claim against Iran plus interest. Why? Why? And that is why this bill is so important, because it brings muchneeded transparency to the U.S.Iran Claims Tribunal by allowing Congress to see what claims each side has filed when they are likely to come in front of the tribunal and the likelihood that either Iran or the United States will prevail. So again, what I am concerned happened here is because of the push from Iran—and we need pushback against this. So Iran comes in at the eleventh hour of this deal and says: Wait a minute. We want this $400 million in cash plus we want the interest. We are going to the tribunal. That is the decision from the tribunal. And then we give up on the counterclaim for the same amount. That is the concern here. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in closing, let me say this: None of us likes the Government of Iran. None of us likes the idea of making payments to Iran, but this bill imposes a blanket ban on most forms of payment of our international obligations. Let me just say that the Algiers Accords, which were signed 35 or 40 years ago, President Ronald Reagan, and President George H.W. Bush did the same thing that President Obama is doing now by making payments to 
Iran. There are things that gall us, but there are international obligations that we really have to follow through with. b1845 It wasn’t a matter and isn’t a matter of giving money for hostages. We know this was part of a larger transaction. In fact, it was Iran’s money that we held back; and we didn’t release their money until we knew that those hostages were free. So I think it was pretty shrewd on our part to wait and use their money to hold back until the hostages were released. Again, I think the Government of Iran is a terrible government. I think there are lots of things we could and should be doing together to put the skids on them. And we will be developing legislation together. But this legislation, to me, is more about poking a finger in the eye of the President and the eye of the administration by using words like ‘‘ransom’’ and saying all kind of things. That is not really what we should be doing. We should be working together to find bipartisan solutions to check Iran, which nobody here will say is a good actor—certainly not me—one of the worst actors in the world, a leading sponsor of terrorism. But the United States has to fulfill international obligations, and we will do that, and we will do it at the same time we are countering Iran and making sure that it doesn’t get away with its aggression and all the other horrific things the Government of Iran does. So I have to oppose this bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, it looks as though I have one more Member who has arrived and wishes to speak on this measure. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. LANCE. I thank Chairman ROYCE  for his leadership on this extremely important issue. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5931, the Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act. It is a sad day when the American people see their tax funds being given to the world’s most notorious financier of international terrorism. This legislation puts an end to it. And it is taxpayer funds. That was the original purpose in the 1970s. Since then, the Iranian regime has sponsored state terrorism across the globe. The total now stands at $1.7 billion that this administration has handed over to Iran. And despite weeks of denial after denial, the administration has finally acknowledged that these cash shipments to Iran were leveraged for the release of four innocent Americans unlawfully held by Tehran. I translate the term ‘‘leverage’’ to mean ransom. We already know that the world is less safe based upon the nuclear agreement with Iran and that we are catering to Iran’s demands. I believe that the $1.7 billion to Iran sets a dangerous precedent that a terrorist network convicted in our courts can escape compensating U.S. victims. There have been quite a few victims who were compensated in our courts, and those amounts of money have never been paid to the victims’ families. The cash payments shipped in the middle of the night to Iran should instead have gone to the loved ones of those murdered by the Iranian regime. The bill would stop the flow of funds to the terrorist networks long supported by Iran. I fear it may be inevitable that these funds would make their way to some of the world’s worst actors. It is a risk we shouldn’t have taken, and this legislation would ensure that it cannot happen again not only regarding this administration— this administration is going out of office and there will be a new President and a new administration come January—but this legislation goes well beyond the remaining months in office of this administration. This is excellent legislation, regardless of which political party controls the White House, the executive branch, the State Department. All of us should honor the judgments that have been rendered in courts of law for those who have lost their lives in acts of terrorism where the responsibility has been adjudicated in our courts of law. And it is to that end that Chairman ROYCE and the Foreign Affairs Committee and many others of us in the Congress have been involved in this issue. The Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act is needed, and I urge its passage. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the esteemed majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Chairman, back in June of 2015, President Obama said: ‘‘It is United States policy to deny hostagetakers the benefits of ransom, prisoner releases, policy changes, or other acts of concession.’’ That was back in 2015. Of course, just 6 months later, President Obama released seven Iranians and sent $400 million in cash to Iran in exchange for Americans held hostage. When the initial word came out that $400 million was sent in unmarked bills on an unmarked plane to, in essence, exchange that money for American hostages, it sent a chilling signal all across the world. Not only was the administration completing a prisoner swap, but the administration was actually cowering to the Iranians’ request for a cash payment. $400 million was converted into European currency, flown through Geneva, and then transferred to Iran just as the American hostages were released. But what we heard from the White House were denials, actually calling us out, saying it wasn’t a ransom payment, despite the clearly coordinated series of events. Mr. Chairman, nonetheless, we learn that the President’s own Justice Department warned that this cash payment would signal a change in U.S. ransom policy and, of course, the Iranians themselves consider it a ransom payment. In fact, the Iranians bragged that they received cash ransom from the United States. Nonetheless, the administration continues to refuse to confront this problem and how it actually makes America less safe. And we have seen that play out. Since this hostage ransom payment, more Americans and other Westerners have been taken hostage because the President put a bounty on the heads of Americans and other Westerners. We have also learned there is another $1.3 billion sent to Iran in cash. The administration said that there was no other way to send the payment; that they couldn’t wire it. But, of course, since then, we have learned that there have been wire transfers made to Iran. So the President continued to mislead the American people about this serious breach of American protocol as it deals with Iran. Now, a serious question to ask is: Where is that $1.7 billion going? And not if, but how much of that $1.7 billion is going to end up in the hands of Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terrorist organizations? After all, Iran is the largest state sponsor of terror. I think these are all important questions that need to be answered, Mr. Chairman. So all of these serious questions need to be answered by the administration, which has continued throughout this entire process of misleading the American people about what really happened. And the American people are demanding answers. This bill by Chairman ROYCE is a serious response to stop these kinds of cash ransom payments from ever happening again to make America less safe. I appreciate all of my colleagues voting for this. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In summation, Mr. Chairman, throughout negotiations on the President’s nuclear deal, the Foreign Affairs Committee held scores of briefings and hearings and meetings with the Obama administration on Iran. So if the goal of this settlement was only to put to rest a decadeold excuse over an abandoned arms sale, why the secrecy? And why the secrecy, especially, about transferring this in pallets of cash? I believe what happened here was that Iran, at the eleventh hour, demanded this cash payment and we ended up acquiescing. And why ignore your own lawyers? 
That is the other real question, to me. The head of the Justice Department’s National Security Division warned that Iran would see it as a ransom and respond by taking more American hostages. And that is exactly what happened. They held the cash until the hostages left Iran that day. Even the State Department calls it leverage. It was textbook ransom. The Iranians viewed it as a ransom. They bragged about it. And now 3 more Americans have been taken hostage. In an interview just yesterday, President Rouhani said Iran is actively engaged in negotiations with the Obama administration to get more money. And that is why the bill in front of us today does two things: it provides more transparency regarding the IranU.S. Claims Tribunal and it prohibits cash payments to the Government of Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, for any reason. Remember, as international authorities have made clear, the physical transportation of currency—that means cash—is one of the main methods used for the purpose of money laundering and to finance terrorism. So, once again, all Members must ask themselves today one important question: Are you comfortable providing Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, with billions of dollars in cash that they can turn around and funnel to the Assad regime, to Hezbollah, and to Hamas? Mr. Chairman, the answer is clear. And I ask all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, I am grateful to be a cosponsor of H.R. 5931, to prohibit future cash payments to Iran. In January, the President made a $1.7 billion cash payment along with the dangerous Iranian Nuclear Deal. After months of questions from the Foreign Affairs Committee about the deal and other leaders, we are just now getting the truth— The payment was a ransom for four Americans who sat on a runway until the currency was en route. The payment was made in cash—provided in pallets of untraceable foreign currency easily provided to murderous terrorists. The Administration claimed cash was the only way to pay the ransom, yet the Treasury Department stated that the U.S. has made payments to the Iranian government via wire transfer in the past year. As a leading state sponsor of terrorism, a cash payment to Iran will almost certainly go to finance terrorist activities, putting American families at risk. Needless to say, the cash payment to the Iranian regime is a dangerous precedent that puts American families at risk. Last week, I sent a letter to the Treasury Department’s Acting Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence asking what steps his office took to ensure the cash ransom did not go to finance terrorism. I am still awaiting response. I appreciate the leadership of Chairman ED ROYCE for sponsoring this legislation and for his work to stop the dangerous practice of providing cash to state sponsors of terrorism threatening American families. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this crucial legislation. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this legislation, which is not a product of bipartisan collaboration as is the tradition of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. The facts of this case are simple. Unfortunately, they have been muddied by election year politics and a lack of careful deliberation on this matter. In 1979, U.S. weapons sales to Iran were interrupted by the Iranian revolution, and $400 million worth of American weapons that were paid for by Iran were never delivered. In December 2015, the U.S. and Iran settled the claim over the weapons sale for $1.7 billion, including $1.3 billion in interest. Payment of the claim on January 16, 2016 coincided with Implementation Day of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and the release of four Americans detained in Iran. The settlement was announced the next day, and Congress was briefed on the payment. For eight months this settlement was not the emergency it has somehow become. And now with less than 50 days until the election we have rushed this legislation to the Floor without any input from the Minority. We did not even bother to have a hearing on this subject, which the Majority obviously views as important. In fact, the hearing on the settlement payment was scheduled for this week, after we marked up this bill in Committee last week. The hearing was subsequently cancelled, which was probably for the best. The Committee might have looked a little foolish sending a bill to the Floor to be voted on and then seeking out the facts of the case in a hearing. Point, shoot, aim, should not the manner in which Congress conducts U.S. foreign policy. Perhaps we should go back to the drawing board and try to move forward in a bipartisan fashion. That is how the House Foreign Affairs Committee functions best. It is how we passed Iranian sanctions to bring Iran to the negotiating table. It is how we have gone after Iran’s financing of Hezbollah. And it is how we should continue to confront the legitimate challenges Iranian behavior poses to security and stability in the world. This legislation is not in keeping with that successful tradition, and I must oppose it. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–64. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: H.R. 5931 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act’’. 
It shall be the policy of the United States Government not to pay ransom or release prisoners for the purpose of securing the release of United States citizens taken hostage abroad. 
Nothing in this Act shall apply to any activities subject to the reporting requirements of title V of the National Security Act of 1947. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize any payment by the Government of the United States to the Government of Iran. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–781. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall be not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, last week, when the Foreign Affairs Committee met to consider this legislation, the ranking member expressed concerns that the bill, as introduced, was too broad in our attempt to end payments to Iran in cash and cashlike equivalent. So I committed to sharpening this language as the process moves forward. 
The amendment before us makes good on that commitment, using the more precise term ‘‘monetary instrument,’’ which has a much more specific definition in U.S. law, while also adding precious metals, a real concern among those who closely follow Iran. So that is the nature of the amendment before us. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1900 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, let me, first of all, say I appreciate Chairman ROYCE ’s consideration of my feedback during the markup, and I know he is wellintentioned with this measure. As he mentioned, I believe that the underlying legislation was too broad. It could have been interpreted as a ban on any payment, including wire transfers, checks, or cash. This does improve the bill. I don’t like sending money to Iran, but if we ban any payments to Iran, we would be violating our obligations under the Algiers Accords. So, the specific changes in this bill narrow the banned payments to cash and precious metals. To me, cash is a red herring. No matter how we pay money to Iran, whether cash or wire transfer, once the money gets to an Iranian bank account, it is impossible for us to track it. We can imagine how Iranians use it, but we can’t know for certain. Whether cash or wire transfer, we can’t prevent them from doing the terrible things they do. So let’s not talk about the form of the payment when I think our real concern is that we don’t like what Iran does with money that it legally obtains. Additionally, my understanding is that the settlement in question required an immediate payment. So as much as it might be counterintuitive, electronic wire payments to Iran have taken months to complete, while the cash option met the terms of the settlement. It is galling. It is nothing we like to do, but, again, we signed an agreement called the Algiers Accords, and every President, in terms of giving money back to Iran, which was legally their money, has used the rules of the Accords. President Obama is not the first President to do that. As I pointed out before, both President Reagan and President George H.W. Bush did it as well. It takes a long time to make a wire transfer to Iran because U.S. sanctions against Iran are so powerful and so comprehensive that there are virtually no banking relationships between the United States and Iran. Therefore, a wire transfer was not an option; it would have taken too long. So in order to abide by the settlement, the U.S. Government had to make an immediate payment. So, Mr. Chairman, that is the reason I will have to oppose this amendment, even though I appreciate that the chairman is seeking to clarify the bill and make it better. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I would just make the following points. We did have another way to transfer any agreedupon settlement without transferring pallets of cash, and we know that because the administration had made other transfers to Iran. So this bill does not withdraw the U.S. from the Claims Tribunal or Algiers Accords. It doesn’t impact that. Nor does it effectively prevent the United States from paying out awards rendered by the tribunal. As I have indicated, we simply, with this bill, prohibit cash from being used as a payment method. If the United States has to pay Iran a tribunal award in the future, the payment should be processed through the formal financial system as the other payments to Iran have been, and that is how the Hague Tribunal payments have been handled for 35 years, and that is how it should work in the future. But our sanctions system was designed with tribunal payments in mind. The Iran transaction sanctions regime contains a number of exemptions from the rules so that certain transactions can go forward, and, in this case, transactions for tribunal settlements are explicitly authorized and would shield any entity involved in such a transaction from liability under U.S. law. So going back to the original argument, we are trying to perfect the bill. But at the end of the day, we can’t collapse the effort because we have now had three planeloads full of cash, with pallets of cash transferred to the regime, and we can bet Iran will angle for more. Just last night, the Iranian President asserted that considerable sums of money are under discussion to be returned in Iran. This can’t happen again. This cannot happen by another palletsofcash shipment to the Iranian regime or the IRGC, so this amendment is important. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me respond just to some of the things that we have heard from some of our colleagues. This was not a ransom payment. This was payment for a 30yearold claim over a weapons shipment that was never delivered, and the United States actually got a pretty good deal in the settlement. We might have had to pay more interest if we hadn’t settled and the claim had gone to judgment at the IranU.S. Claims Tribunal. When the prisoners’ plane was sitting on the tarmac, the administration, as I mentioned before, held up the settlement money. They couldn’t find the mother and wife of one of the prisoners, Jason Rezaian from The Washington Post. Administration officials feared that, as Mr. Rezaian was being released, the Iranians were detaining his family, and this was unacceptable. The administration leveraged the settlement money, holding it up until Mr. Rezaian’s family could be found and the prisoners could leave the country. Leveraging the money, money that belonged to Iran in the first place and was going to be paid to Iran under the Algiers Accords, was smart. Can you imagine if the administration had paid the settlement anyway, even if the prisoner release was stalled? That didn’t happen. Some people are saying that the administration made payments to Iran via wire transfer before and after the ransom, so why did the ransom have to be cash? Well, the payments that were made via wire transfer before and after the settlement payments were months in the making. It takes a long time to make a wire transfer to Iran because U.S. sanctions against Iran are so powerful and so comprehensive, as I mentioned before, that there are virtually no banking relationships between the U.S. and Iran. It takes a long time to wire money to Iran. But the requirement of the settlement was that the payment had to be immediate; therefore, a wire transfer, instead of cash, was not an option. It would have taken too long. Let me say this. I said it before and I will say it again. Money is fungible. Whether cash, wire transfers, checks, gold, or any other form of payment, once it gets to Iran, we have no way of tracking it. So I believe this debate about cash is beside the point. Money can be moved, be used for nefarious purposes once it gets to Iran, no matter what the method. But when we are going to make a payment to Iran pursuant to a settlement or a judgment, Congress should know about it, and I am offended that we didn’t know about it. And that is why, when I introduce my amendment a little bit later on, we are going to require that Congress be informed of any kinds of transfer, not only to Iran, but to any other rogue nation, at least 5 days before. So we should have greater oversight of these payments. I agree with that. But I don’t think that we should worry about whether it was cash or some other method. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . POMPEO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, my amendment, in short, prohibits ransom payments to any country. Although the American people consider this to be U.S. policy, given the administration’s recent actions, we have to make this prohibition explicit. This amendment will support and strengthen the good work of Chairman ROYCE on H.R. 5931. Think about this timeline. The U.S. wires $400 million in cash from the Swiss National Bank and then physically transports it to another city to hand off to Iranian officials, all in 3 days, 3 days before Iran releases four American hostages. But it gets worse. Less than a week after this, the U.S. again sends hoards of cash to Iran. We only know this timeline thanks to multiple and persistent inquiries from myself and other Members of Congress. And yet there are so many details that we still don’t know. For instance, on April 5, 2016, White House Spokesman Josh Earnest, in response to a reporter’s question on whether the Obama administration misled Congress about the Iran deal, stated: ‘‘I don’t think there is any evidence to substantiate this claim . . . I think you should take a rather dim view of that suggestion because Congressman POMPEO . . . didn’t approve this deal and he certainly didn’t favor it.’’ But of course my personal view of the JCPOA is irrelevant if the administration stonewalls Congress. The State Department has admitted that its payment of millions of dollars in pallets of cash to the Iranians would not have been made without the release of American hostages. The administration’s selective noun use does not excuse criminality, nor does it explain away months of lying to the American people. Mr. Chairman, ransom payments put a price on the head of every American. This bill prohibits the United States Government from making a payment to secure the release of unjustly detained U.S. nationals or lawful residents. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Let me say, first of all, on the face of it, the amendment makes sense. It is already U.S. policy not to pay ransom. On June 24, 2015, President Obama issued a directive: It is the United States’ policy to deny hostagetakers the benefits of ransom, prisoner releases, policy changes, or other acts of concession. 
Codifying this policy though, without giving the President any flexibility, is not what we should be doing. There is no waiver in this bill. Things like this usually have waivers so the President— any President, this President and future Presidents—would have flexibility. But again, this whole issue, I believe, is a red herring. The United States did not pay ransom for the four Americans detained in Iran. We were paying Iran back its own money, money it had given us to buy weapons before the Iranian Revolution. I have never heard of paying a ransom using the captor’s own money. It is galling, but it is not a ransom. Every mention of ransom is an attempt to politicize this issue and criticize the President, and that is not what we should be doing here. We should be putting our heads together and finding a solution. These issues are too important to get caught in partisan fights. It is not how we do things on the Foreign Affairs Committee. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Kansas for offering this amendment to a very important underlying bill from the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, EDROYCE . It is really important to point out, as a matter of policy and what, unfortunately, is very necessary for this Congress to take action on, to make it very clear that we don’t pay ransom. Now, with regard to the $1.7 billion that has been paid to Iran to secure the release of the four Iranian hostages, other terms have been used. The one most often used lately is called ‘‘leverage.’’ The fact is, if the money did not arrive immediately, the hostages wouldn’t have been released. No money, no hostage release. Why are we debating as if this wasn’t a ransom? If the money didn’t show up, $400 million in cash, the hostages wouldn’t have been released. Why do we not put a price on securing the release, a financial price? It is because now more Americans are being unjustly imprisoned by Iran. Mr. Shahini, from California, in Iran visiting his mother, is being held, accused of ‘‘cooperating with hostile governments, actions against national security, and communication with antirevolutionary agents and media.’’ This is an American visiting his mom in Iran. And why do we not pay ransom? Why we do not give money to secure the release of American hostages is that now more Americans have been taken hostage. b1915 Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close. Mr. Chairman, this is an important amendment. We need to codify what we have known for years has been American policy under Democrat Presidents and Republican Presidents that we simply won’t pay ransom to get Americans back. It is enormously important to our country. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, let me say, first of all, that the Iranian regime is a bad regime. They hold American prisoners before we paid them the money, and they will hold prisoners after. It has no basis whatsoever. It is easy to put out the word ‘‘ransom,’’ but this was not a ransom. It is a reprehensible regime. They do reprehensible things. The United States fulfills its obligations. Again, the Algiers Accords, by the logic that this should not have been done, then when George H.W. Bush did it, it shouldn’t have been done; when Ronald Reagan did it, it shouldn’t have been done. They did it because we maintain our obligations in the United States. So any of us can get up and give a litany of things we don’t like about the Iranian Government. Believe me, I take second to none when it comes to that. But the United States needs to fulfill its obligations, and the Iranian regime needs to be checked. But it is not a ransom, and that is just the problem. By calling it a ransom, by calling names, by trying to poke a finger in front of the eyes of the administration, we don’t get to the real issue. The real issue, which I hope we will get to later, is, again, to give Congress notice before this happens. That is the issue. To just say ransom and throw that word out, anybody can do that; but this wasn’t a ransom. We are fulfilling our obligations under the accords that we signed that 
each American President facing the same type of thing has sent money to Iran because we fulfill our obligations. It doesn’t matter from which party the President comes. President Obama did nothing more than other Presidents have done before him. I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . POMPEO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–781 be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. POMPEO (during the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I have offered today places comprehensive sanctions on individuals who hold Americans hostage. This amendment will support and strengthen the good work of Chairman ROYCE on H.R. 5931. This week marks 1 year the Iranian Government has been holding hostage Nizar Zakka, a U.S. legal permanent resident and international Internet development expert. Mr. Zakka, this week, was sentenced to 10 years in prison and millions of dollars in fines. His only crime was to bring greater Internet access to the women of Iran. He joins two other Americans held hostage and one who is missing. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the sentiment behind what the gentleman is seeking to do. Of course we want to punish anyone who is unjustly holding American citizens behind bars, but there are so many potential unintended consequences in this amendment, I simply don’t know where to start. First, the amendment requires sanctions against any Iranian who unjustly detains a U.S. citizen. But the term ‘‘unjustly detained’’ is not defined. So who defines it? Does the White House? The Congress? Iran? It is very difficult. Secondly, as anyone who has worked on sanctions policy knows—and we work on sanctions a lot on the Foreign Affairs Committee—it is typically not the use of sanctions that encourages the change in behavior; it is the threat of sanctions that encourages the change in behavior. That means that the Iranians have to believe that we will implement sanctions against them, but the President has to be given flexibility to use it or suspend it if they do change their behavior. This is impossible under this amendment. The President has no flexibility, no waiver, no termination authority, none of the typical details that compels regimes to change their behavior. So let me say, because of that, I encourage all Members to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), our colleague and the ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman, and I thank my friend, the ranking member. I have to oppose the amendment of my friend from Kansas. I oppose the amendment not because of what my friend is trying to accomplish, but because of the way that we are trying to do it. I proudly represent Bob Levinson, who went missing on March 9, 2007. He is the longest held American in history. We have worked tirelessly in this House—working with my friend, the sponsor of this amendment; Mr. ROYCE , the chairman of the committee; and Mr. ENGEL , the ranking member, we have worked in a strong, bipartisan way, all of us together, to bring Bob home. By amending this legislation—which I explained last week in our committee hearing why I opposed, just as the ranking member did today, because of the risks that the underlying bill causes in violating our legal obligations under the Algiers Accords that has yielded over $2.5 billion for American claimants and prohibiting settlement of claims until certification, that requirement that could prevent the U.S. from reaching settlement. This is a piece of legislation that we oppose. The goal is to continue to ensure that everything we do in focusing on bringing Bob home is done in a way that can pass with overwhelming support. So, unfortunately, I have to oppose my good friend’s amendment. But I want to thank him for the effort of focusing attention, again, on American citizens who continue to be held in Iran. Eight months ago we were told when Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, and Jason Rezaian finally were able to return home to their families and that the Iranians agreed to continue cooperating with the United States to determine the whereabouts of Robert Levinson. It is 8 months later, and Bob Levinson is not home with his family in Coral Springs, Florida. I look forward to working with my friend from Kansas and I look forward to working with every Member of this House and all of us in this country who understand that as long as there are Americans being held and as long as Bob Levinson, the longest held American in history, continues to be missing in Iran that this House of Representatives will not rest, and that we will continue to pay attention and work together to find ways to maximize our efforts to bring him home through whatever pressure is necessary. It is intolerable that we have to come to the floor over and over and over again as this poor family continues to wait for the return of their father and grandfather. I thank my friend for helping to raise this issue. I, unfortunately, have to oppose the amendment for the reasons that I have stated. But I look forward to working together with my friend from Kansas, Democrats, Republicans, and all of the people of goodwill in this House and in this country until we bring him home. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I want to take a moment and thank Chairman ROYCE for all of his work on this commonsense bill. But I have to say I am a little bit shocked that Chairman ROYCE has to put so much work into this kind of a bill to prohibit cash payments to Iran, the lead sponsor of terrorism in the world. Shame on us for being in a situation where we need legislation to stop cash payments to a state sponsor of terror. Have we so soon forgotten what happened on 9/11? Have we so soon forgotten Iran’s role in 9/11 15 years ago? Just recently, former U.S. Senator and Democratic Party vice presidential nominee Joe Lieberman quoted the 9/11 Commission saying that there is strong evidence that Iran facilitated the transit of al Qaeda members into and out of Afghanistan before 9/11 and that some of these were future 9/11 hijackers. Iran supports international terror. They have been designated a state sponsor of terror since 1984. 
We know that the currency of terror is what? It is cash. They use cash to fund terrorism. So instead of saying, Do you know what, we are going to make payments—if payments have to be made— by wire transfer to some Iranian bank in Europe where those payments can be traced, we say, No, no, no; we have been so successful in cutting them off from the financial world, we want to make these payments in cash to them. It is illegal right now for us to actually load up a plane full of cash and send it from the U.S. to Iran. So the recent transaction that happened to get around that rule, the administration— President Obama and Jack Lew—said: We are going to wire the money. We are going to actually wire the money. We are going to wire it to a European bank and instruct them to convert it to cash and send it to Iran. Shame on the American administration and shame on this House for not stopping it. I have an amendment that says not just Iran, but all state sponsors of terror; and we should also include North Korea to be included on the list of folks that we are unwilling to send cash payments to. This is just commonsense American policy that we have had in place for a long time that now is being rolled back by this administration. We have had so many people on both sides of the aisle who understand the threat of terror and the threat of cash in terrorists’ hands that we have all stood together. We now see a division in this House to not support that very commonsense effort, which is an effort to support the American citizens and their safety. I think this is a sad day for this institution. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I think everybody knows I am from New York, and, frankly, I don’t need anyone lecturing me about 9/11. That is a pain in my heart that I will live with for the rest of my life. So I think that any reference to 9/11 from this bill is just totally off base. Again, Mr. Chairman, I don’t like the idea of shipping payments to Iran or any government hostile to the United States, but we have to abide by our obligations whether we like it or not. We also don’t want to tie our hands, which is what this amendment would do. This measure would impose a permanent and blanket prohibition on most forms of money transfers, not just cash, whether made directly or indirectly through third parties. It would preempt all existing provisions of law. We have no idea what sort of consequences could come with something like this. We may face diplomatic or strategic opportunities that would require quick action. But this provision is allencompassing, regardless of circumstance. And, again, there is no waiver for unforeseen situations. There are always waivers for the President in bills like this because the President can best decide what unforeseen situations there are. And, again, it is any President from any party. So I think this amendment would take us down a wrong path. I am going to oppose it, and I urge all Members to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I would just note that the chairman’s bill and my amendment don’t prohibit cash payments to a lot of countries around the world. It restricts cash payments to only a few countries around the world and those countries that are American designated states that sponsor terrorism. I don’t mean to lecture anybody about 9/11. I didn’t live in New York, I am not from New York, but I watched what happened in New York. And I think it is important that we not forget what happened, who was responsible, and that we don’t lose our focus today for partisan reasons on who those bad actors are, and that we remain vigilant in our effort to push back and fight back against state sponsors of terror. And part of that fight is the fight against allowing them cash. On the Financial Services Committee—I know Mr. ROYCE works on this aggressively—we can use the global financial system to shut them out, and we have been successful at that. But if you open up the global financial system and you pour cash and gold into Iran that can be used to sponsor terror, to buy technology in regard to missiles, or to advance your nuclear program, that has a direct impact on all Americans, our security, and our safety. I think it is incumbent upon this House to look out first for our constituents and our countrymen, which means let’s prohibit cash payments, not any payment. You can make a wire transfer that you can actually trace. But let’s not send cash payments that are untraceable to State sponsors of terror. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Strike the text of the committee print and insert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Restrictions on Payments to State Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. 
Nothing in this Act shall apply to any activities subject to the reporting requirements of title V of the National Security Act of 1947. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize any payment by the Government of the United States to a state sponsor of terrorism or North Korea. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I am offering this amendment because I do think there is a lot of common ground when it comes to this issue. My concern is that the administration really did not give Congress its due with respect to this payment. We were told about the payment but not notified about how this transition would take place, and that is just not right, especially when it is somewhat unusual. My amendment would require the administration, and future administrations, to notify Congress at least 5 days in advance of any settlement agreement or payment to Iran, to other countries on the state sponsors of terrorism list, and to North Korea, and it provides appropriate oversight on the claims that are remaining at the tribunal. It is straightforward, and it ensures that Congress’ role in foreign policymaking is not overlooked. I don’t think anyone here disagrees with that idea. My amendment gets to the heart of it. I think it would allow this bill to sail through the House with strong support on both sides. It leaves aside the areas that are sure to eventually derail the underlying measure—talk of ransom again and again, or to focus exclusively on cash payments. We are not going to agree on these areas. Putting them front and center guarantees that this bill has no path forward. So let’s put those issues aside and advance legislation that addresses all our concerns. That is what we do every day on the Foreign Affairs Committee. I hope my amendment will help get our committee’s work back on track. Again, I ask all Members to support the amendment. I don’t think anyone can disagree with the fact that the administration, or future administrations, give Congress enough time so that we will hear about payments, we will hear about transactions before they are done, not while they are done or after they are done. I ask all Members to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment and will regretfully oppose the ranking member’s substitute. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I agree with part of the argument that is being made here by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). You just heard a common theme between the underlying bill and the ranking member’s substitute, and that is the need for greater transparency, especially transparency around the Claims Tribunal. That is a must. I will go back to the underlying problem. If diplomats were working overtime on a settlement, why not tell the committee of jurisdiction of the possibility? If the goal of this settlement was merely to put to rest a decadeold dispute over an abandoned arms sale, as we were told after the fact, then why the secrecy? The administration has intentionally left us, the committee, and this Congress in the dark. Both the underlying bill and the ranking member’s substitute requires the administration to be more transparent with Congress and the American people about how it engages with the tribunal. If future settlements are truly a good deal for the American taxpayers, these requirements should be welcomed, not a burden. The goal of the underlying legislation is to ensure that a tribunal that has been in place since 1981, and has operated more or less successfully, cannot be manipulated, cannot be manipulated by either the next administration or this administration. So here the two of us agree. But I am afraid that this substitute does not address a larger problem, and that is because this proposal, unlike the underlying bill, contains no restriction on the way in which Iran could be paid. I was raising questions about the $1.7 billion payment when it was first made. Quite frankly, not too many were focused on it until it was revealed that it was paid in cash. Let me explain why many of us believe that this is a crucial problem. It is because checks and wire transfers do leave a paper trail. Cash does not leave a paper trail. If Iran wires money to its terrorist proxies, we can see the banks it used, and we can work to cut them out of the financial system. That is what we are trying to do in isolating their ability to transfer funds to Hezbollah or Hamas. Now, when we give Iran cash then Iran can put that cash on a plane or on the back of a truck, and they can send that cash to Syria, or send it to Gaza, or to Hamas, or send it to Lebanon, or to Hezbollah. And that is why cash, the physical bills, are so valuable to Iran. Cash, not wire transfers, is the currency of terror. So the bottom line is that because everyone knows that cash is a conduit for all sorts of illegal behavior, my hope is to carry the day here with this argument that the underlying bill has got to maintain this ability to cut off payments in cash to the terrorists in Tehran. I call them terrorists because that is what the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps is funding, as well as ballistic missile production, and that is what the Quds Force—and the head of the Quds Force is in charge of assassinations outside of the country—that is what he is doing. They have just toppled a government in Yemen that was an ally to the United States, they just committed further atrocities in Syria, and they are bulking up Hezbollah as we speak. That is why I feel that portion has to remain in the bill, and that is why I reluctantly oppose this amendment which would remove the effectiveness of the cutting off of cash. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, let me say that I appreciate my friend, Chairman ROYCE ’s words. We don’t agree totally on this, but we do agree that the Iranian regime is a bad regime and they need to be checked. And I would hope that after this whole process is done, because this bill is not going to become law, that we can put our heads together and come up with something that can become law. The Iranians need to be checked, and the Congress needs to be informed and needs to be a part of the process. We are, obviously, an independent branch of government. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend, Mr. ENGEL . Mr. Chairman, the goal here tonight, I think, is to both simultaneously ensure that we don’t take any action that would make it difficult for Americans to bring claims to the IranU.S. Claims Tribunal that would enhance our ability to continue with our legal obligations under the Algiers Accords but 
that will also focus on the very specific problem that we have at hand. Mr. ENGEL ’s substitute amendment, I think, will permit us to do all of that. It carries over the provision from the underlying bill that requires reporting to Congress on claims settlements and payments to Iran, it enhances our ability to be aware of and to have greater disability of transfer of funds to Iran going forward, and it ensures that Congress will be able to keep in sharp focus before any of those transfers happen so that we can then act accordingly. And I would just remind everyone that we have really done meaningful work in the House under the leadership of the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ROYCE , and the ranking member, Mr. ENGEL . We have done meaningful work because we have been able to work together to take on the threats posed by Iran. It is because of the work, the bipartisan effort, the work that has been done together that Iran faced unprecedented economic sanctions. And it is because of the work, again, that has been done in a bipartisan way that members of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, who direct the funding of terror and commit egregious human rights violations, continue to remain sanctioned. And it is because of the efforts of Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL that banks continue to be weary of dealing with Iran, and Iran is still fully unable to access the international financial market in U.S. dollars. So there are plenty of examples of the good work that we have done together. When we work together on these issues of critical importance, the country is stronger and safer. I think Mr. ENGEL ’s amendment will provide us the opportunity to go forward in a bipartisan way in a manner that, again, will help the United States be stronger and safer. I know that is everyone’s goal, both on the Foreign Affairs Committee and in the House. That is why I support the amendment, and that is why I urge my colleagues to also support it. b1945 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, regretfully, I will be opposing the substitute. As Members of the House know, it is unusual for the two of us to be at odds. In working together, we have a long track record of success: 14 bills this session, 18 in the last session. Just yesterday, the House sent to the President’s desk bipartisan legislation, which was authored by me and Ranking Member ENGEL , to crack down on the illegal trafficking of wildlife; but here we have a disagreement. Sending pallets of cash is bad policy. This bill fixes the problem. I oppose the substitute and urge the passage of the underlying measure. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUFFY ) having assumed the chair, Mr. RUSSELL , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5931) to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
b2046 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) at 8 o’clock and 46 minutes p.m. 
PROHIBITING FUTURE RANSOM PAYMENTS TO IRAN ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 879 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5931. Will the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) kindly take the chair. b2047 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5931) to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, with Mr. ABRAHAM (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–781, offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) had been postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 238, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capps Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Carter (GA) Davis, Rodney Farr Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Payne Pelosi Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Shuster Vela Walters, Mimi 
b2111 Messrs. PERRY, SMITH of Missouri, DUNCAN of South Carolina, GUINTA, CRAMER, Mrs. HARTZLER, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. YOHO, HUELSKAMP, MCDERMOTT, DOGGETT, and PALMER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, CROWLEY, BARTON, and MASSIE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 553, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia) having assumed the chair, Mr. ABRAHAM , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5931) to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 879, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5minute votes on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5037; and the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5798. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 254, noes 163, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—163 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barletta Carter (GA) Farr Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Payne Pelosi Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 5931. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2016, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, September 26, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. f 
HONORING ST. CLOUD ATTACK VICTIMS AND HEROISM OF POLICE OFFICER (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, last weekend, an act of terror took place at a St. Cloud, Minnesota, mall. On Saturday night, 10 people were stabbed at the Crossroads Mall before the attacker was fatally shot by an armed offduty police officer on the scene. Thankfully, none of the victims were killed, and all are expected to make full recoveries. The attack is yet another troubling reminder of the growing threat that Americans do face here at home. The quick reaction of the armed off duty police officer, Jason Falconer of Avon, likely stopped this from being an even greater tragedy. He is a hero for his bravery, his courage, and his selflessness to protect those who were in danger that night. Our law enforcement officers put themselves in harm’s way, and they deserve our utmost respect for the risks and the difficult decisions that they make each and every day. Mr. Speaker, the safety of our citizens must remain a top priority, and I will continue to work to ensure that our law enforcement agencies have the resources that are necessary to protect American lives. 
TRIBUTE TO MR. JOHN YEE OF AURORA, COLORADO (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the service of an extraordinary retired high school world history teacher, Mr. John Yee, whom I had 44 years ago when I was a student at Central High School in Aurora, Colorado. Mr. John Yee was a teacher who inspired his students by making history come alive in the classroom and by leaving us with an intellectual curiosity about the world around us that would forever be a part of our lives. Mr. John Yee’s personal story of having grown up in Kunming, China, during the Imperial Japanese Army’s invasion of his homeland, as well as his subsequent service as a translator with the Flying Tigers, gave him an unparalleled depth of understanding when it came to describing the cultural dynamics of global events. Mr. Speaker, a great nation cannot exist without great teachers, and I believe that Mr. John Yee is among the very best, and I will forever be grateful 
WYOMING LOSES TWO OF ITS FAVORITE SONS (Mrs. LUMMIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, it is a tough week for Wyoming. Wyoming is the land of high altitudes, low multitudes, and great attitudes. We have the smallest population in the Nation, and yet, geographically, we are one of the largest States in the Nation; so everyone matters. This week, we lost two of our favorite sons—two of our most impressive people. Brian Scott Gamroth was killed in a motorcycle accident when coming back to Wyoming from a Shriners Convention on Sunday. Brian was the voice of Wyoming. He gave his time, talents, and energy to raise hundreds of thousands—if not millions—of dollars for Wyoming’s charities. His heart was as big as his gigantic frame and as his deep, baritone voice on the radio in Casper, Wyoming. He was a dear friend and a beloved Wyoming person, and I will miss him with my whole heart. On the same day, we lost our beloved Flip McConnaughey, who died after serving our senior U.S. Senator, MIKE ENZI, as his chief of staff here in Washington for over 20 years. Flip McConnaughey came out of municipal government in Wyoming, as did our senior Senator, MIKEENZI. They love the communities of Wyoming. They have worked so hard all of these years in the U.S. Senate for Wyoming. I thank them, and we will miss them with all of our hearts. 
NATIONAL READ WITH A CHILD WEEK (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of National Read with a Child Week, which is organized by the Children’s Reading Foundation to promote early literacy development. The first few years of a child’s life are critical to the acquisition of language and literacy skills, which are cornerstones of social and academic development. I firmly believe that all children deserve an excellent education and that preparation for academic success can never begin too early. Unfortunately, many children face significant barriers to achievement as recent research shows that over threequarters of fourth graders from lowincome families are not proficient in reading. The Children’s Reading Foundation, which is headquartered in Kennewick, Washington, is leading the way in supporting early childhood literacy and in preparing all children for success in school and throughout their lives. Read with a Child Week, which takes place this week, September 18 through 24, is highlighting the tremendous importance of early literacy, and I call on all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this initiative. f 
GUIDANCE ON THE SOCIAL COST OF CARBON (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration is advancing something under the Council on Environmental Quality known as a ‘‘guidance on the social cost of carbon.’’ This would be undertaken while doing environmental impact studies. At the same time the administration claims that it is trying to advance more oil and gas by using those reserves to further help the energy economy in this country, it is also advancing this, but it claims it has not yet been adopted. Yet, some Federal agencies are already using it in order to block the development of this and of other important infrastructure. This will be yet another tool to stop either needed energy policy or other infrastructure projects that need to be done around this country. We cannot afford to have these regulators coming out using a policy that has not been passed by the Congress but, indeed, is something that has been adopted by the administration on its own in order to block projects that are especially needed in rural areas for our energy economy in this country, for nonreliance on foreign energy, and for the jobs that are so desperately needed. This is a wrongheaded approach to adopt policy without the word of Congress—the people’s Representatives— on this issue. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CARTER of Georgia (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today after 3 p.m. on account of personal reasons. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1878. An act to extend the pediatric priority review voucher program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2615. An act to establish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission. H.R. 5252. An act to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’. H.R. 5937. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Battle Monuments Commission to acquire, operate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in MarneslaCoquette, France, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, September 26, 2016, at noon for morning hour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign curencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, HON. MARKWAYNE MULLIN, EXPENDED BETWEEN AUG. 16 AND AUG. 19, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MARKWAYNE MULLIN, Sept. 16, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ITALY AND AFGHANISTAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 30 AND AUG. 6, 2 016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. NANCY PELOSI, Sept. 2, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6004. A bill to modernize Government information technology, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–783, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 954. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the individual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (COOP) program; with an amendment (Rept. 114–784). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5303. A bill to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–785, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Natural Resources discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5303 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. TONKO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Ms. DEGETTE ): H.R. 6116. A bill to enable needed drinking water standards, reduce lead in drinking water, plan for and address threats from climate change, terrorism, and source water contamination, invest in drinking water infrastructure, increase compliance with drinking water standards, foster greater community right to know about drinking water quality, and promote technological solutions for drinking water challenges; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6117. A bill to provide atrisk and disconnected youth with subsidized summer and yearround employment and to assist local community partnerships in improving high school graduation and youth employment rates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MCHENRY: H.R. 6118. A bill to promote innovation in financial services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6119. A bill to distribute Federal funds for elementary and secondary education in the form of vouchers for eligible students and to repeal a certain rule relating to nutrition standards in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. KIND): H.R. 6120. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for clarification and rationalization of Medicare prescription drug plan recovery rules for certain claims; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mr. PALLONE , and Mr. T ONKO ): H.R. 6121. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act with respect to climate resiliency, security, and source water protection planning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. COURTNEY ): H.R. 6122. A bill to authorize the creation of a commission to develop voluntary accessibility guidelines for electronic instructional materials and related technologies used in postsecondary education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. SCALISE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. MULVANEY , Mr. GOWDY , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. COOK): H.R. 6123. A bill to congressionally designate the museum to preserve the stories, knowledge, and history of the Medal of Honor to be constructed in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, as the National Medal of Honor Museum; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Mrs. BEATTY ): 
Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. K ILDEE, and Mrs. B EATTY ): H.R. 6148. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a maximum contaminant level goal and promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for microcystin toxin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana): H.R. 6149. A bill to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6150. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to prohibit private educational lenders from requiring accelerated repayment of private education loans upon the death or disability of a cosigner of the loan; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6151. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow veterans affected by school closures to continue receiving monthly stipends under the Post9/11 Educational Assistance Program for a certain period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6152. A bill to provide funding for Violent Crime Reduction Partnerships in the most violent communities in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. G IBSON ): H.R. 6153. A bill to provide installation reutilization authority for arsenals, depots, and plants; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 6154. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reduce lead in drinking water, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6155. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act to ensure access to wilderness areas by Federal, State, and local emergency response personnel during an emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6156. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act and the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to require the management of a wilderness study area, not designated by statute, under the jurisdiction of the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management for multiple use pending congressional consideration of the recommendation for designation of the area as wilderness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. OLSON (for himself and Ms. CASTOR of Florida): H.R. 6157. A bill to modernize the prescription verification process for contact lenses, to clarify consumer protections regarding false advertising of contact lenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. YOHO, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. CHABOT ): H.R. 6158. A bill to provide for enhanced penalties for certain offenses relating to controlled substances containing fentanyl, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 6159. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt premiums paid on noncashvalue property and casualty insurance from the taxes to enforce reporting on certain foreign accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. REED, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. KAPTUR ): H.R. 6160. A bill to establish the United States Chief Manufacturing Officer in the Executive Office of the President with the responsibility of developing a national manufacturing strategy to revitalize the manufacturing sector, spur economic growth, and expand United States competitiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H.R. 6161. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to notify certain Federal agencies when principal investigators at such institutions engage in discrimination on the basis of sex, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6162. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to ensure that prepaid funds deposited in an insured depository institution satisfy the requirements of the primary purpose exclusion to the definition of deposit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6163. A bill to amend the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 to repeal the denial of assistance and benefits for individuals with certain drugrelated convictions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. BASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. DUCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. GABBARD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. HECKof Washington, Mr. H IMES, Mr. HONDA , Mr. H OYER , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. KEATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. KILDEE , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. LEE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N EAL, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M URPHY  of Florida, Mr. NADLER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. SINEMA , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. T HOMP SON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. TONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. YARMUTH ): H. Con. Res. 160. Concurrent resolution recognizing the opening of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, the only national museum dedicated to documenting African American life, history, and culture; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. GIBSON , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. TAKANO , and Miss R ICEof New York): H. Con. Res. 161. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be presumed to have been exposed to the toxin Agent Orange and should be eligible for all related Federal benefits that come with such presumption under the Agent Orange Act of 1991; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, Ms. LEE, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. WALZ, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. N ORTON, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. KAPTUR ): H. Res. 882. A resolution encouraging the observance of the week beginning on October 9, 2016, as ‘‘National Wildlife Refuge Week’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California): H. Res. 883. A resolution supporting the designation of a week as National Federal Nurse Recognition Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. BARTON , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. S TUTZMAN , and Mrs. LUMMIS ): H. Res. 884. A resolution recognizing that Hillary Rodham Clinton violated, ignored, and otherwise chose not to follow legal and ethical obligations and responsibilities expected of the head of any Federal agency of the United States Government during her tenure as United States Secretary of State from 2009 through 2013; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. BECERRA , Mr. B EYER , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. COSTA , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. CONYERS , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F OSTER, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. HAHN, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. LOFGREN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. SABLAN , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. V ELA, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. HIMES, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. CROWLEY ): H. Res. 885. A resolution recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of Latinos in the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos and Latinas to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Ms. M ENG, Mr. GIBSON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. BRAT, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. HARDY , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. DAVIDSON ): H. Res. 886. A resolution recognizing November 26, 2016, as ‘‘Small Business Saturday’’ and supporting efforts to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. ELLISON ): H. Res. 887. A resolution supporting efforts to increase competition and accountability in the health insurance marketplace, and to extend accessible, quality, affordable health care coverage to every American through the choice of a public insurance plan; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. KIND, Mr. REICHERT , and Mr. T IBERI ): H. Res. 888. A resolution expressing support for designation of September as ‘‘National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. POEof Texas, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. MOORE , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. NORTON , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana): H. Res. 889. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of October as National Domestic Violence Awareness Month and expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence and its devastating effects on individuals, families, and communities, and support programs designed to end domestic violence in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. PINGREE , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California): H. Res. 890. A resolution expressing support for the Arctic Council and commemorating the Arctic Council 20th anniversary; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6116. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6117. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. MCHENRY: H.R. 6118. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence . . . of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6119. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The ‘‘Power of the Purse’’ as defined in Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6120. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mrs. CAPPS: H.R. 6121. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6122. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 6123. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 6124. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, Sec 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6125. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: General Welfare Clause, Article I, Section 8 By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 6126. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6127. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power *** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6128. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 6129. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6130. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 9; article III, section 1, clause 1; and article III, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts and article I, section 8, clause 3, which gives Congress the authority to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the States. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6131. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 6132. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6133. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6134. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 6135. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6136. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution relating to the power of Congress to provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. Article 3, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution relating to the power of Congress to regulate commerce. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6137. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 6138. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 7 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6139. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 6140. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 6141. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section VIII By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 6142. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 6143. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: H.R. 6144. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6145. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, as this legislation provides for the general welfare of the United States. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6146. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6147. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6148. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 6149. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: ‘‘[T]o provide for [the] general Welfare . . . [and] To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6150. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6151. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6152. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. LOEBSACK: 
H.R. 6153. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 6154. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6155. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 purports that, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6156. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 purports that, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 6157. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. REED: H.R. 6158. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 6159. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution: The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6160. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6161. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6162. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6163. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 213: Mr. LONG, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. NEUGEBAUER . H.R. 225: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 226: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 347: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 532: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Ms. MENG. H.R. 583: Mr. JONES . H.R. 729: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 742: Ms. MENG. H.R. 923: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. HARPER , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1218: Mrs. DAVIS of California. 
H.R. 1221: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1284: Ms. MENG, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1310: Mr. SCHIFF and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1375: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1399: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. H ECKof Washington. H.R. 1427: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 1530: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 1572: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 1608: Mr. GRIFFITH and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 1728: Mr. KEATING and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2132: Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 2224: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 2268: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2293: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2302: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 2431: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2660: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 2737: Mr. STUTZMAN , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. R OGERS of Ala bama, Mr. POMPEO , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. GIBBS, Mr. C OOK, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. S ANFORD , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. STIVERS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 2739: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida and Mr. YODER . H.R. 2799: Mr. BARRand Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 2889: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 3048: Mr. BRADY of Texas. H.R. 3119: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. NEWHOUSE , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3226: Mr. KILDEE and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 3316: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. KUSTER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. KEATING , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3355: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 3378: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3381: Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 3397: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 3512: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3514: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3522: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 3656: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3660: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 3666: Mr. SCHIFF , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. KILDEE , and Mr. D OLD. H.R. 3683: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3687: Mr. NEUGEBAUER . H.R. 3706: Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Ms. MENG, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 3720: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 3742: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. H UIZENGA  of Michigan, Mr. COOK, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 3790: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 3849: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 3886: Mr. COHEN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. KEATING , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 3892: Mr. FLEMING . H.R. 3919: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4027: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4177: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4184: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. SERRANO , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. TONKO , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 4212: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4216: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 4298: Mrs. NOEM, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, and Mr. C ONAWAY . H.R. 4365: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 4450: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 4559: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 4567: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4626: Ms. MATSUI , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi ana, Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 4718: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4764: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 4773: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. RIBBLE . H.R. 4798: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4907: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4919: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4927: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 4938: Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 4989: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 5002: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 5045: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 5083: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 5113: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 5177: Mr. PASCRELL and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 5182: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 5224: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 5301: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 5313: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5321: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 5344: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 5475: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 5499: Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. CONAWAY . H.R. 5557: Mr. TONKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5560: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 5619: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 5622: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 5628: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5671: Mr. SERRANO and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 5721: Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 5727: Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. WENSTRUP , and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 5732: Mrs. LOVE, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. HILL, and Ms. D UCKWORTH . H.R. 5733: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5745: Mr. GRIJALVA and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 5807: Mr. ELLISON , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. LOVE, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 5813: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. R EED. H.R. 5814: Mr. BARLETTA and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 5829: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5898: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 5902: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5935: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 5942: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 5951: Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 5961: Mr. HULTGREN and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 5962: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 5972: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 5980: Mr. KILDEE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. STEWART , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H.R. 6001: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 6013: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 6017: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 6030: Mr. CONYERS , Ms. L EE, and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 6042: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 6045: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 6070: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 6074: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 6076: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 6086: Mr. ROUZER and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 6087: Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. BUCHANAN , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 6088: Mr. BARLETTA and Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 6094: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. FOXX, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor gia, Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. MARINO , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 6097: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. YARMUTH , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 6098: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 6100: Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 6108: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. GIBSON , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. GARAMENDI , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 6110: Mr. BARLETTA . H.J. Res. 22: Ms. GRAHAM . H.J. Res. 94: Mr. HONDA . H.J. Res. 98: Mr. DOGGETT . H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H. Con. Res. 114: Mrs. BLACK . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. LARSON of Con necticut, Ms. KUSTER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. PEARCE , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir ginia, Mr. PALMER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. K EATING , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. F ORTEN BERRY , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. BOST, Mr. H ARPER , and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . H. Con. Res. 141: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H. Con. Res. 153: Mr. RUSH, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. L EE, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. GRIJALVA . H. Con. Res. 155: Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. NUNES , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. R OSS. H. Res. 28: Mr. ZELDIN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 591: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H. Res. 750: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 838: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Mr. R OUZER . H. Res. 846: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. BASS, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. L EE, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, and Mr. RANGEL . H. Res. 854: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 866: Ms. FUDGE , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 881: Mr. MCNERNEY . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5961 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2016 No. 144 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 