Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today on our calendar we have got about 10 bills dealing with a very serious issue in America: opioids and heroin. This is an awful problem we have in our Nation. There is more and more use of opioids and heroin and death resulting from it than at any time that I can recall in the past. I had a young friend a few years back who died of a heroin overdose. I have known of other promising young people in Memphis who have died of heroin overdoses. This is a problem all over the country, but predominantly in the northeast and predominantly in Caucasian areas. It has become an issue, as it should, of importance. But none of the bills that we are going to deal with today—all of which are good, and all of which I will support—deal with the real problem; and that is, the recognition in our country that we treat all drugs as a law enforcement problem, a criminal problem, and not as a health problem; and that we treat most all drugs on the same level and give law enforcement the same incentives to arrest dealers and/or users for any drug and not encourage them and give them reasons— besides public safety—to emphasize their enforcement on opioids and heroin. In the drug schedules which we have in our country that lay out the order in which we think drugs are the most serious, Schedule I is at the top; and in that classification are heroin, LSD, ecstasy, and marijuana. I ask you each not to answer reflexively which of those four don’t fit. Marijuana does not fit. Our laws should show that heroin is a serious problem and that marijuana is not as serious a problem; that users should be dealt with in ways that don’t put them in jail and, in the case of marijuana possession, don’t cause them to lose scholarship opportunities, housing opportunities in Federal facilities, or jobs later on. We also shouldn’t have law enforcement, through asset forfeiture, get moneys from people they arrest; fund their activities by making arrests; and have it be presumed in law that moneys and/or properties that are involved in the transactions of those drug deals are involved and that law enforcement gets to keep those items. It gives law enforcement a reason to go after marijuana—which is easier to find and make money—rather than heroin. We need to study marijuana to see what its medical uses are. We don’t need to use it to incarcerate and cripple for the future jobs for young people. We need to encourage young people not to do any drugs at all, not to do alcohol, not to smoke cigarettes, and to take their time as youths to be youths, to be young, to learn, and to fill their minds with knowledge for a better life later. But if, as a youth or as an adult, they should use an illegal substance, they should be dealt with as having a problem and not be given a scarlet letter that stays with them for the rest of their lives. So my work has been and will continue to be to try to make more sense of our drug laws; to see that the scheduling is smarter, that heroin and opioids continue to be at the top, and that marijuana is not in that listing; and to do things that encourage law enforcement to arrest people that are dealing in and selling heroin and opioids, which cause death and cause people to be addicted to the point where they will commit crimes to secure moneys to keep their habit going, and to not have equal incentives to go after marijuana that does none of those things. f 
BABY BODY PARTS FOR SALE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) for 5 minutes. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the research that the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives is conducting. I encourage everyone to examine the exhibits from the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives’ investigation on their Web site: energycommerce.house.gov/select investigativepanel. On April 20, 2016, Chairman MARSHA  BLACKBURN held a hearing on the ‘‘Pricing of Fetal Tissue’’ and found 
broad consensus among witnesses that Federal law may have been violated when abortion clinics profited from the sale of baby body parts. This grave circumstance has caused considerable concern because one of the underpinnings and socalled safeguards of the statute that allowed for the donation of fetal tissue for transplantation and research was that this tissue would not be sold. The author of the statute, former Congressman Henry Waxman, stated during floor debate in 1993: This amendment would enact the most important safeguards to prevent any sale of fetal issue for any purpose, not just the purpose of research. It would be abhorrent to allow for a sale of fetal tissue and a market to be created for that sale. Yet this is what is happening today. As seen on Exhibit B2, the ‘‘Procurement Business’’—the name is redacted—markets itself in its brochure as a way for clinics to make additional income by allowing procurement business technicians to collect fetal tissue and organs from aborted babies immediately after an abortion is completed. The brochure uses the words ‘‘financially profitable,’’ ‘‘fiscally rewards,’’ and ‘‘financial benefit.’’ The Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives’ investigation revealed that the procurement business technician performs every conceivable task in the harvesting process immediately after an abortion occurs. However, procurement businesses—essentially the middlemen between the abortion clinics on the one hand and the end users, the experimenters or researchers, on the other—still pay abortion clinics a fee, even though the clinics are not incurring any additional costs in the process. Exhibit D1 shows the abortion clinic charged the middleman $11,365 for harvested baby parts—called POCs—and blood. Exhibit D2 shows the abortion clinic charged the middleman, again, this time $9,060 for harvested baby parts, or POCs, and blood, even though the clinic did not incur any additional expense in the harvesting process. After obtaining the organs from the clinic, the middleman then made it easy for end users to purchase baby body parts. Exhibit C3, the procurement business order form, or dropdown menu, for baby organs, illustrates just how easy this is. On the left side of the menu, one can choose: What type of tissue would you like to order? And under a multitude of options—a few of which are listed on the right—one could choose up here at the top, brains. These are little baby brains. Next you must select the number of specimens. And I suppose one could say six baby brains. Continuing down the list of questions, gestational range from start to end? One can select 16 to 18 weeks. Then it asks: Add another tissue type? One could answer yes and scroll through the numerous options and have the opportunity to pick, for instance, female reproductive system and ovaries. You could then ask for five of those at 15 to 16 weeks. Then you could add, down at the bottom here, tongue. So these are the options. For crying out loud, this is the Amazon.com of baby body parts, a market for baby body parts. It is repulsive, outrageous, and I urge you to go to the Web site to see the exhibits. This is a market for baby body parts where you get what you pay for. This is utterly repulsive. Absolutely outrageous. Each one of these baby tongues or baby brains belongs to a little human baby. This business is nothing more than a fetal corpse market. How can anyone defend such an abhorrent practice? These exhibits illustrate that, in both intent and practice, these clinics make money well above any actual costs they incur. They are making a profit. Go to the Select Panel’s website energycommerce.house.gov/selectinvestigativepanel and see for yourself the revealing exhibits that show how these organizations may have broken the law and profited from this gruesome, inhumane practice of baby body part harvesting and trafficking. 
URGING BOEING NOT TO SELL AIRPLANES TO IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am very concerned about some news that has come to my attention and to the attention of the House recently, and that is that there is an iconic American aviation company—that is, the Boeing Company—that that has entered into preliminary talks with Iran. And the thinking is for Boeing to sell planes to Iran. I guess when you first hear about that, you say: Well, what is the big deal? Why is everybody so uptight about this? Why can’t everybody relax and just let some commerce happen? Here is what is the big deal; here is why we ought not relax; and here is why Boeing shouldn’t be in these discussions; and, ultimately, it is my sincere hope, Mr. Speaker, that Boeing does not sell planes to the Iranians: The entire Washington foreign policy establishment; that is, the House of Representatives, the Senate, the United States State Department, and the administration all agree on one thing. They all agree that Iran is still the world’s leading state sponsor of terror. There is no credible organization; there is no credible voice today that says: No, no, no. That is not true anymore. In fact, the President has acknowledged this; the Secretary of State has acknowledged this; the national security adviser has acknowledged this. And if that is true—and it is true— how can someone, how can a company, how can an American institution say, we are going to do business with them? And how can it be true that we are going to sell something that can be easily converted for the use of terrorism? You see, planes are fungible. Airplane parts are fungible. Unless we think that only Boeing is beginning these sorts of discussions—we know what Airbus is doing. Airbus has made a decision to go in and do business with this terrorist regime. Why I am urging these companies— and particularly Boeing, as an iconic American company, as a company that has come to symbolize what? American strength, American innovation, and American greatness. And then to be complicit with the Iranians and the sheer possibility and, I would argue, probability that those airplanes will be converted to warplanes. Now, just so I am clear, I am not making an argument nor a suggestion today that Boeing is doing anything illegal. I am not making that argument. But here is my point: just because something is legal doesn’t make it good; just because something is legal doesn’t make it right. b1215 There are some people who are saying: Well, look, other manufacturers are selling into that marketplace. And let me ask you this, Mr. Speaker. When has history ever been kind to the excuse: Well, somebody else was doing it, so I decided to do it too? History, Mr. Speaker, is a merciless judge and disciplinarian against that sort of argument. So what is the problem? Here is the problem. It is the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps that completely dominates the Iranian economy, and they certainly completely dominate the aviation sector of the economy. Iran Air was recently taken off the terrorist watch list by the State Department. Most people think that it was an agreement through the Iran nuclear deal and that it wasn’t really deserved, but they were only recently on it. Regardless, the fungibility of these products can easily move into other areas of the sector. There are some people that say: Look, it is an emerging market and we ought to be selling American products there. No, Mr. Speaker. What we ought to do is recognize that there are things that are more important than American profits, and that is the integrity of American businesses not to be complicit in this shameful activity and to sort of draw a blind eye towards this activity to say we can somehow sell these products and they won’t end up in the hands of terrorists. It is naive, it is a wrongheaded move, and I urge Boeing in the strongest possible terms not to be complicit in this activity. 
HONORING BILL KNAPP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor of the U.S. House of 
Representatives to recognize and honor the accomplishments of an individual who exemplifies what it means to be an Iowan, to be an American. Bill Knapp is being honored by the Van Meter High School Booster Club and American Legion Post 403 as an Iowa hero and legend, and it is for good reason. Bill has given much to the community. He spent his life giving back. Throughout his life, his career, and his philanthropic efforts, he has demonstrated, and continues to demonstrate, a commitment to our State and our country, to people. Bill was born in 1926 and grew up on a farm in Allerton in southern Iowa. Growing up in Allerton was where Bill first learned the value of a hard day’s work, of an earned day’s pay. He learned the value of making do with less, anticipating the needs of others, and helping those less fortunate. He learned selfsacrifice, honesty, and integrity. He has carried with him these Iowa values throughout his life. Bill turned 17 in 1944. Observing World War II from quite a distance in Iowa, this young man heard the call to serve our country. He did not ignore that call; he answered it. He convinced his parents to sign off on his enlistment into the United States Navy. In the spring of 1945, Bill took part in the Battle of Okinawa as a coxswain on the USS Catron. Alongside many others from across the country, Bill bravely served. And unlike many of these gentlemen who were with him who didn’t come back, Bill returned home. After 2 years in the U.S. Navy and the end of the Second World War, Bill returned to Allerton. He took business courses, took to real estate, rolled up his sleeves, got to work, and soon formed Iowa Realty. Under Bill’s leadership, Iowa Realty grew, prospered, and became the largest real estate company in Iowa. Bill has had some tremendous successes, but he has never forgotten his Iowa values. Instead, he continues to embody what it means to be an Iowan. His selflessness and willingness to give back is evident in everything that he continues to do. He is known statewide. He is known nationally for his philanthropic efforts, as well as his special commitment to Iowa. He has placed a strong emphasis on helping to turn Iowa’s capital city, beautiful Des Moines, into the thriving metropolis we see today. I imagine I speak for many when I say how incredibly grateful I am for Bill’s donation of land to our State, which was used for Iowa’s first and only veterans cemetery in Van Meter. Thanks to Bill’s generosity, our veterans in Iowa, who have so selflessly served our country, have a final resting place. It is truly hallowed ground. We, as Iowans, have a place to honor our country’s heroes. But his generosity to Iowa’s veterans didn’t stop. He was instrumental in the creation of the Veterans Reception Center in Van Meter, where families and friends gather and pay their respects following the burial of a loved one or friend. It has helped bring the community of Van Meter, my hometown, together. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Iowans like Bill in the United States Congress. He is generous, he is thoughtful, he doesn’t forget where he came from, and he has spent a lifetime embodying Iowan values. He has given so much, he continues to give selflessly, and he puts others before himself in ways that we will probably never know. But that is okay if we don’t know. He gives because it is the right thing to do. He is a humble soul with a big heart. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring Bill, an Iowa hero and legend. Thank you and congratulations, Bill. We are proud of you. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THORNBERRY ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Almighty and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You are the shepherd of souls. During the 114th Congress, many guest chaplains have led the House in prayer. Today, we wish to lift up these leaders and their faith communities across this country. Their prayers for this Nation and its government lingers in this room. Bless them for their efforts to renew people in faith, hope, and love. Inspire them as they preach and guide Your people in so many districts of this Nation. May they never lord it over those assigned to them, but instead, be examples of servant leadership to all in the flock. And when Your glory is revealed, chief shepherd of us all, may all leaders in faith and government receive the unfading crown of glory. Bless us this day and every day, and may all we do be for Your greater honor and glory. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause one, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMEMORATING VIETNAM VETERANS APPRECIATION DAY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last Friday, May 6, marked Vietnam Veterans Appreciation Day, a day set aside by law in South Carolina to remember and thank our brave soldiers that fought heroically in the Vietnam war. To mark this day, the Combat Veterans Group held a Day of Remembrance ceremony to honor local Vietnam veterans across the State for their service. I was grateful to join them and pay tribute to the courage and sacrifice of our veterans. I appreciate the service of Commander of the South Carolina Combat Veterans Group Tommy Olds, featured speaker retired Captain Walter Allen Mouzon, and Executive Director Renee Joy. The program was inspiring and uplifting for dedicated Vietnam veterans. While serving as chairman of the Military Personnel Subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee, I have visited Vietnam twice to monitor U.S.Vietnamese efforts to recover MIAs. I was pleasantly surprised to find a deep affection by the Vietnamese for American servicemembers and a desire for stronger AmericanVietnamese relationships of friendship. I am especially grateful for the Vietnam service of the late Captain Michael Alan McCrory, Sr., a VMI graduate, of McLean, Virginia. In conclusion, God bless our troops and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
HOUSE REPUBLICANS ARE FAILING TO DO THEIR JOB (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, here we are back again, another week in Congress where Republicans in Congress continue to fail to do their job to act to protect American families in crisis. Whether it is the ongoing water crisis in my hometown of Flint or the threat of the Zika virus, the American people look to us for action. They deserve action to protect American families. In my own hometown of 100,000 
people, the people still cannot drink their water. It is a disaster. Typically, as Americans, we come together to act. It is this body that brings us together as a Congress to act to protect Americans in their moment of greatest need. Yet, Republicans in Congress fail to do their job. My bill, the Families of Flint Act, would provide relief evenly divided between the Federal and State government. No hearings in committee, no votes on the floor of the House of Representatives. The American people deserve a Congress that will do its job and will act on their interests. Mr. Speaker, I ask that we immediately take up my bill. 
HOUSTON FIRE DEPARTMENT ANSWERS THE ALARM (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, last Thursday, a chemical warehouse in my Texas district exploded into a startling inferno. Fiery containers of chemicals shot into the air like rockets. The smoke and heat were intense. But the Houston Fire Department quickly answered the alarm. Mr. Speaker, over 200 firefighters from 32 fire stations responded to the hellish inferno. Spring Branch Elementary and nearby homes were evacuated. But the smoke and fire were conquered. The school and homes were saved. Not one person was injured. Mr. Speaker, firefighters are a special breed. They risk their lives to save our lives. They restore order from chaos. These firefighters are to be thanked and appreciated. Firefighter courage and dedication to protecting us is part of what makes them a special breed. While others flee in haste of impending danger, the firefighter, with sirens, red lights, horns, red and white trucks, charge into the jaws of heat, smoke, and fire to defeat and conquer danger. Mr. Speaker, Houston firefighters answered the alarm—they always answer the alarm. And that is just the way it is. 
SALUTING HOUSTON MAYOR SYLVESTER TURNER (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to salute a caring mayor, the mayor of the city of Houston, Mayor Sylvester Turner. Over the last couple of months, which is the first of his term, many challenges have confronted his administration, one of which was the terrible, devastating floods of midApril when so many thousands, many of them mothers and children, were displaced in my congressional district. Because of those terrible storms, $400 million of cars were lost, people lost their jobs, and businesses were destroyed. Mayor Turner continued to be that caring, steady hand working across political lines, working with the county judge, working with council members, and the Federal Government. One thing that he steadily did was listen to the council and the advice of his staff as I sat in meetings, taking ideas, establishing a relief fund, joining now with the Osteens in Lakewood, and having this wonderful concert to continue to provide relief, but yet showing the caring and loving nurturing of a father. In the midst of all of this, he lost a dear brother, a Vietnam vet. But steady, strong, and determined, he continued to nurture those who could not help themselves. What a pleasure to be able to work with a mayor, one who is ready to listen and to be able to answer the concerns of a constituency, but make hard decisions. I salute you, Mayor Turner, as someone who cares about our city, and works with all of us to make their lives better and our city the best. f 
ONLY 6 PERCENT OF AMERICANS TRUST THE MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans’ confidence in the national media continues to erode. A Media Insight Project poll found that only 6 percent now say they have a great deal of confidence in the media. Americans are rightfully skeptical of the news they receive, as they believe it is riddled with inaccuracies and bias. Nearly 90 percent say it is important for the media to get their facts correct in their news reports, which they often do not. Many said the media coverage of a particular event was onesided. One respondent commented that, ‘‘I’m also a bit scared for what other things they have gotten wrong or only given halftruths to.’’ Media bias is both real and unfortunate. Americans will continue to distrust the national liberal media until the media stops telling them what to think. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1530 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 3 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2755) to provide Capitolflown flags to the immediate family of firefighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2755 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fallen Heroes Flag Act of 2016’’. 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Castor (FL) Clawson (FL) Duckworth Fattah Fincher Frankel (FL) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Herrera Beutler Latta MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Meng Norcross Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Sanchez, Loretta Slaughter Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Tony Castillo, a longtime friend of mine from my hometown of Aurora, Colorado, who recently passed away. Tony and I had a friendship that started in our youth. We had so much in common. Tony and I both came from military families. Our late fathers had both married war brides in the aftermath of World War II. They were career enlisted soldiers who were transferred to Fitzsimons Army Medical Center for their last assignment in 1964 when we were both just 9 years old. Our military families both came from previous assignments in Europe. While I followed in my father’s footsteps and joined the military, Tony stayed in Aurora and eventually married the love of his life, Nita Adkins of Pueblo, Colorado. Tony and Nita raised two extraordinary children, Ben and Jess, in a loving family that has been inseparable. Tony was an extraordinary example of a great friend, a loving husband, a devoted father, and he will always be remembered and missed by all who knew him. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Tony Castillo, a longtime friend of mine, from my hometown of Aurora, Colorado, who recently passed away. Tony and I had a friendship that started in our youth. We had so much in common. Tony and I both came from military families. Our late fathers had both married war brides in the aftermath of World War II. They were career enlisted soldiers who were transferred to Fitzsimons Army Medical Center for their last assignment in 1964 when we were both just 9 years old. Our military families both came from previous assignments in Europe. While I followed in my father’s footsteps and joined the military, Tony stayed in Aurora and eventually married the love of his life, Nita Adkins of Pueblo, Colorado. Tony and Nita raised two extraordinary children, Ben and Jess, in a loving family that has been inseparable. Tony was an extraordinary example of a great friend, a loving husband, a devoted father, and will always be remembered and missed by all who knew him. 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as co chair of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, I rise today in recognition of May as National Foster Care Month. Growing up, my parents welcomed many foster children into our family, providing them with a stable and nurturing environment. One of the biggest challenges for youth in foster care is finding their forever family. Even youth who age out of foster care still need a place to call home after they turn 18, and whether through reunification, adoption, or an individual plan, every foster youth deserves a permanent home. Mr. Speaker, these children belong to all of us, and we are all responsible for their wellbeing. I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing May as National Foster Care Month. f 
RECOGNIZING MEMBERS OF PENN STATE’S RED CELL ANALYTICS LAB (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize members of Penn State University’s Red Cell Analytics Lab, a unique organization intended to educate students on how to combat threats in an age of everevolving technology. Last weekend, I visited with members of the lab, and I listened in awe to how they are working with local law enforcement to keep students, staff, and spectators safe at events such as Penn State football games and the university’s annual dance marathon, or THON. Quite simply, these students have become experts at recognizing threats and security holes—essential skills in today’s world where governments, technology firms, and corporations must stay one step ahead of those who seek to do us harm. I was happy to learn that members of the Red Cell Analytics Lab move on to great careers, working for companies in our financial and technology sectors, along with the Federal Government. It is unfortunate that these talents are necessary in today’s world, but I am glad they are being cultivated at Penn State University. 
THE HEROIN EPIDEMIC (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, this week, we are going to take up a package of bills that I support dealing with the massive heroin epidemic plaguing places like Ohio, but all over the country. In my congressional district, we saw, a few months back, over 22 overdoses. In Trumbull County alone, 7 deaths; in Summit County, city of Akron, 56 people died of a heroin overdose, compared to just 40 in 2013. Now, in Ohio, these drug overdoses have been the leading cause of accidental deaths in our State, bypassing car accidents. This House this week is going to do the responsible thing and pass key legislation and hopefully combine with the Senate legislation. But there is a missing piece on the recovery side. We need to make sure that, as we address this issue, it is comprehensive: it is about addiction and it is about treatment, but it also must be about recovery. So I commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for these important pieces of legislation that are coming forth. I will support them, but knowing that we have got a lot more work to do and that the bottom line is we need money behind these programs. The President put in his budget over $1 billion. We need to make sure that the resources get down to the local community so that we can help stem the tide of this epidemic in our country. f 
SUPPORTING TSC GLOBAL AWARENESS DAY AND MAX LUCCA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to lend my voice in support of TSC Global Awareness Day on May 15. Tuberous sclerosis complex, or TSC, is a rare genetic disease that causes uncontrolled tumor growth across the face, body, and organs of affected individuals. Unfortunately, there is no cure for TSC. South Florida’s own Max Lucca— look at that sweet young face—was diagnosed with TSC when he was only 2 weeks old. Now he is 8, and Max Lucca has thrived because of the constant love and care provided by his parents, Vanessa and Max. Max Lucca enjoys baseball—as you can see—and hanging out with his best buddy. So please think of this sweet young boy, Max Lucca, and others living with TSC on May 15 for TSC Global Awareness Day, and let’s work together to find new treatments and a cure for this tragic disease. 
GIVING HOPE TO DUCHENNE MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY PATIENTS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about a genetic disorder, Duchenne muscular dystrophy, that has caused heartbreak for families across the country. The genetic mutation, found typically in boys, weakens muscles and leaves most sufferers confined to wheelchairs. Due to lung or heart failure, most afflicted with Duchenne pass away before their 25th birthday. 
However, there is hope with new medical advancement that could increase the lifespan and improve the quality of life for those living with Duchenne. A new drug was used in a medical trial where every participant was able to walk for 4 years after starting the treatment, and on top of that, there were no negative side effects. However, the FDA has yet to approve this new drug, even with such promising results. Mr. Speaker, Duchenne muscular dystrophy is an awful condition that more or less guarantees a short life for those who live with it. Medical advancement is giving hope to those patients for a longer and a better life, but bureaucratic redtape is preventing those folks from accessing it. It is time for the FDA to remove those roadblocks and to move forward for a new, possible, lifeimproving treatment. 
SALEM TOWNSHIP FIRST RESPONDERS (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, on April 29, a natural gas pipeline exploded in Salem Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, immediately destroying one home, injuring a resident, and forcing the evacuation of a dozen other homes. I rise to thank the first responders who selflessly and swiftly arrived on the scene: Forbes Road Volunteer Fire Department Chief Bob Rosatti led incident command during the crisis, and he is to be commended for the tremendous job he did. In addition to Chief Rosatti’s department, the following volunteer fire departments also responded: Slickville, White Valley, Export, Crabtree, Greensburg, Delmont, Hannastown, Grandview, New Alexandria, Jeannette, Harrison City, Washington Township, Saltsburg, Tunnelton, and Sardis. These departments were joined by seven other local, county, and State agencies. The firefighters, police, and emergency teams who choose these selfless and courageous professions make our communities safer, better places to live, and for this, we should all be grateful. 
THE IRAN DEAL (Mr. DESANTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, Ben Rhodes from the administration said that the Iran deal would be the ObamaCare of the administration’s second term. When I heard that, I thought, ‘‘Sheesh,’’ because a lot of us don’t think highly of ObamaCare. We don’t think it has worked out well. We didn’t think the Iran deal was going to work out well. But now that actually has a deeper meaning. ObamaCare was sold to the American people on a set of deceptions: if you like your plan, you can keep it; if you like your doctor, you can keep him; you are going to pay $2,500 less per family for health insurance. Now, it turns out, so was the Iran deal. They concocted a narrative—a false narrative—that, with the election of Rouhani, a moderate who really wanted to have an opening, this was a once inageneration opportunity for America to seize this day and strike a deal with Iran—even though they are the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism—and bring peace to the world. That was all false. This started before Rouhani was elected. He is not a moderate. This was a deal made in conjunction with Iran’s hardliners; and as we are seeing now with how they are behaving, it is benefitting Iran’s hard liners. ObamaCare we can fix. It will be tough. But we may not be able to recover if Iran gets a nuclear weapon. f 
NATIONAL NURSES WEEK (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize National Nurses Week, a time to celebrate the contribution of over 3 million registered nurses around our country. They are our friends and neighbors who care for our loved ones and treat us when we are sick. A nurse is usually the first person we talk to at the doctor’s office, even first thing in the morning. A nurse may be the first person we meet in life. Increasingly, as the American population ages, nurses are filling larger roles. In New Hampshire, especially rural regions, we need them more than ever. At job fairs I hosted in Manchester and Laconia, healthcare employers are scouring the State for help. I cosponsored the Home Health Care Planning Improvement Act to allow nurse practitioners to visit more patients at home. Nurses are on the front lines of the heroin epidemic in the Granite State and around the country. Some are Members of Congress, putting their kindness, compassion, and understanding to work in government. During National Nurses Week, please thank a nurse for his or her contributions. 
b1915 PUBLIC LAND ACCESS BY THE GO ACT (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the current process to obtain outfitter and guide permits for hiking, hunting, and fishing exhibitions on our public lands for recreation events is too expensive and very complicated. Guides and outfitters should not have to navigate arbitrary rules, inconsistent practices, and unresponsive Federal agencies. As a result, I have introduced the Guides and Outfitters Act, known as the GO Act, H.R. 5129, which will renew the authorization for these recreation permits while eliminating burdensome red tape. This measure will also cap permit fees, ensure that fees are charged only for activities on the actual public lands, not on private lands, provides categorical exclusions for previously studied uses to reduce delays, and allows online applications. The GO Act is consistent with my commitment to increasing public access to the public lands, making Federal agencies more responsive to the communities in which they operate and removing unnecessary bureaucratic red tape that keeps people off of their lands. f 
NATION’S OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues for joining us this evening for this critically important discussion. I thank the chairs of the bipartisan task force on the opioid epidemic for their leadership and tenacity in pushing reforms. I thank Congresswoman KUSTER and Congressman G UINTA . This week the House will debate solutions to our Nation’s opioid crisis. If there has ever been a time to put away partisan differences and ideological rhetoric, it is now. I am proud of the work of the task force in supporting bipartisan bills to help stem the tide of this epidemic. This is a public health crisis that reaches into every community. It is an equal opportunity killer, without regard for age, gender, race, or economic background. It does not care if you are a Democrat or a Republican. In Massachusetts, just last year we lost nearly 1,400 lives to this opioid crisis. Half of all of the deaths in Massachusetts of opioid overdoses involve heroin, but prescription opioid overdoses are also surging. Between 
2013 and 2014, they increased by over 90 percent. In my State more than others, the epidemic is claiming the lives of our young people ages 25 to 34. Too many parents are trying to save their child from opioid addiction’s deadly grip, and they are counting on us for help. That is why we are here this evening—to do everything we can to save lives. At the center of this debate are the families at home who speak out and bravely share their stories so no other parent has to endure the pain of losing their child. Tonight I am thinking of Debbie Deagle, who I met in October during a town hall in Revere, Massachusetts. In front of a large audience she told the story of Stephen, her only child, who she lost to opioid addiction. In her words, she was inconsolable and it was difficult to make it through each day. She was also angry because not a month had gone by in the last 15 years she hadn’t heard of somebody overdosing, but nobody wanted to talk about it and everybody was too ashamed. Debbie talked about the shame her son felt. She described him as brilliant, her miracle child. She raised him as a single mother and, while it was hard, his beautiful life was a gift she cherished. He was smart, witty, a songwriter, and a musician. He had a bright future. He had graduated with honors from St. John’s Prep and went to Northeastern University, where he became a computer science major, which was his gift. It was four impacted wisdom teeth his freshman year of college and the opioids that he took for pain that started him on his road to addiction. When his substance abuse disorder derailed Stephen’s life, Debbie started reading blogs where people commented: They are only junkies. They should just cull the herd. That is what got her angry. She thought: These aren’t animals. These are children. On their own, Debbie and her son battled addiction, insurance companies, and the courts. In the end, it was a battle they lost. On January 8, 2015, Stephen Deagle passed away after his excruciating struggle with opioids, and his mother lived her worst nightmare saying goodbye to her only son. When we asked Debbie if we could share her story, her request was simple: Please get Congress to do something. We deserve real solutions now. So my request to this Congress is to listen to Debbie and the pleas of too many other moms like her. This crisis is an urgent calling for Congress to act and save lives. This week we will have the opportunity to pass legislation that will give critical tools to address this crisis. Ultimately, however, we must also provide the financial resources to our State and local partners to change the course of this epidemic. I thank you for all the work that is being done. I yield to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ). Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman CLARK for yielding, and I extend my gratitude to her for joining me tonight in this Special Order. I am also grateful for the opportunity to join bipartisan members—Republican and Democrat—from around the country to talk about heroin abuse, an increasingly deadly public health crisis. Last year I joined with my colleague from New Hampshire, Congresswoman KUSTER , to create The Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic. We strive to fight the tragedy of opioid addiction and fatal overdose from around the Nation. Since its creation last October, our task force has grown to 80 members. Our growth and impact is a testament to the depth of the crisis and the focus of the Members of this body. In my home State of New Hampshire, abuse and overdose claimed the lives of 430 people in 2015. To put that number in perspective, that is 1 out of every 3,000 residents died of an overdose last year. The CDC reports that, nationally, overdose deaths have tripled over the last 10 years. I am proud of the work we have done so far to combat this epidemic. But as many struggling families and ailing communities know, there is much more work to be done. A few weeks ago the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic proposed a legislative agenda. Our bills would assist law enforcement, treatment providers, and recovery personnel in their battle against the epidemic. During this Heroin and Opioid Awareness Week, we will see our legislation come to the floor for a vote. I am pleased that my colleagues have tirelessly worked to protect our loved ones from this epidemic, and I am proud to cosponsor many bills coming to the floor this week, including the House response to the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. To address the comprehensive nature of this epidemic, we must provide a comprehensive legislative package to bolster the efforts of those helping our communities. I have filed several amendments to this package for this week. They will increase grants for medicationassisted treatments and longterm recovery. I also have filed legislation that would reauthorize recovery court programs for 3 years, and I am grateful that my bill, the Good Samaritan Assessment Act of 2016, passed by suspension in the House earlier today. I hope this provision will be included in the conference report. Very simply, these provisions are absolutely crucial to aiding those in need. My colleagues and I have committed to seeing the House of Representatives pass the strongest and most comprehensive plan possible. I believe we will do our due diligence to pass this plan, go to conference with the Senate, and put a bill on the President’s desk before June. Our plan is urgently needed. Nearly 129 people die every day from an opioid overdose. In my district and around the country, I hear from families and friends who know someone coping with substance use disorder. We will only make a dent in this great challenge by listening to its victims. We need to hear fathers like Doug Griffin of Newton in New Hampshire’s First District. His daughter, Courtney, fell victim to heroin abuse at just 20 years old. Doug remembers Courtney as a bright, lively girl with a great sense of humor and a deep passion for life. She played music. She loved s’mores. Courtney told Doug she planned to become a marine and serve her country. But 3 years later she was lost on the streets, in and out of rehab facilities. Prescription pills, fentanyl, and street heroin ensnared Courtney into a fatal web of addiction. She lost the will to live. Because Courtney’s pain was so great and because she had so few options for treatment, Doug says he and his family hid the truth from the outside world. To help others, they are speaking out now, just as this body is this evening. Doug is courageously telling everyone he knows about the warning signs of heroin abuse and the deficiencies in our public response. Millions of Americans share Courtney’s story and Doug’s anguish. It is only by speaking out and sharing grief that we will remove the stigma preventing far too many from seeking help. Tonight it is about telling the truth. It is about finding the solutions we need and why we need them. It is about putting political disagreements aside and cooperating for the common good, for the common good not just of our constituents, but our country. As the House considers this vital legislation, I encourage my colleagues to listen to their constituents, hear their stories, share their struggles, and help them fight back. We could win this public emergency, and it starts this week with the comprehensive CARA legislation. I thank my colleagues from both sides of the aisle for working so judiciously and in a manner that I think puts people ahead of anything else that this body is doing. I commend my colleagues, and I am honored to work with them on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the congresswoman from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts just to the south of my district. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GUINTA . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman CLARK for organizing this really important discussion here this evening. 
The scope of the problem in terms of what is facing our Nation is pretty astonishing when you look at the statistics from the Centers for Disease Control. In 2004, 7,000 Americans lost their lives to heroin overdoses. Fastforward 10 years and that number is now over 27,000. Again, the statistics land in suburban America, rural America, and urban America. But at the end of the day, behind every one of those numbers is a story of a human being and a family. That is why this discussion is so important tonight. Next to me I have a chart showing the face of Justice Kelly, who is a 21 yearold from Tolland, Connecticut. Tolland, Connecticut, is the quintessential smalltown New England community. It is about 5 miles from where I live. Her mother, Jennifer, moved there hoping that this was going to be a great community to raise her child, and she went through the public school system. Battling depression, she fell victim to heroin addiction and for the last number of years has been battling this with methadone treatment in and out of facilities and programs. Last summer she really finally went to her family and just begged them to get access to a longterm rehab program. Unfortunately, the waiting lists were months. The facilities in Connecticut, like so many other parts of the country, were full. In August of 2015, when she again was in a predicament where she lost her asthma medication, the combination of suffering from asthma and a heroin overdose resulted in her being rushed to the hospital with an overdose condition. The good news is that the folks at the emergency room were able to save her life. But as her mother said, ‘‘As we pulled into the parking lot of the ER, I knew at that moment I was losing her. All I remember from that moment on was being more scared than I have been in my entire life. I saw a whole team of people come outside and try and save my baby’s life. I stood there helpless and alone. All I could do was look to God.’’ She now is in a permanent vegetative state, as the photograph next to me indicates, and there really are no signs of improvement. Her mother went on to say, ‘‘They saved my daughter’s life that day, but it’s been a very hard journey. Justice’s injury is so severe that the likelihood Justice will ever recover is very slim. More than likely, I will have to make the decision to bring my baby home with hospice.’’ This story shows that this problem extends far beyond even the fatalities. It also is going to leave people with chronic lifechanging conditions, like this beautiful young girl from Tolland, Connecticut. b1930 Mr. Speaker, this issue is now coming to the floor this week with a number of measures authorizing different changes and approaches to this program. I want to, again, emphasize the fact that I come from the State with the highest per capita income, but even in Connecticut, people cannot find access to treatment beds. That is why at some point we have to bring this discussion to a higher level and realize that we need to get resources out to the communities so that law enforcement can at the front lines deal with this issue in emergency situations, so that we have treatment options for families like the Kelly family in Tolland, Connecticut, and so that we go upstream in terms of prevention and education so as to get to the root causes of the pathways to heroin and opioid addiction. This is going to require an all handsondeck approach. Yes, let’s support the legislation that is coming forward this week, let’s make smart policy changes, and let’s authorize different programs. At the end of the day, we need to put our money where our mouth is in that we need to treat this like it is a natural disaster. As a Nation, we would instantly respond to a hurricane that is taking human lives at a clip much slower, in fact, than what is happening with the heroin opioid crisis. Let’s move forward with the $600 million request for emergency supplemental funding, which is before the Appropriations Committee, so that we will not just talk about solving this problem but, again, put the resources out there so that the police, the addiction counselors, the treatment folks, and all of the families who are out there who are desperate for help will know that our country is going to treat this as the true crisis that it is and will know we will get the resources all across the country. Again, I thank Representativ CLARK  for organizing this discussion. Jennifer Kelly, Justice’s mother, thanks the gentlewoman for letting us have an opportunity to tell the story about her daughter. As a Nation, let’s move forward with all of the resources and good ideas because that is the only way we are ever going to come to terms with this problem and solve it. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Please extend our thanks to Jennifer’s family for sharing that story, and I thank the gentleman for his advocacy. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). Mr. KATKO. I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, during my 15 years as a Federal prosecutor in Syracuse, New York, I witnessed firsthand on a daily basis the devastating impacts of drug use, in general, and of heroin, in particular, and the terrible impacts it had on the wellbeing of our children, on the lives of those directly involved, and on the safety of our community. Tragically, the devastating impact of heroin and other opioids has gotten much worse in recent years. As a Federal prosecutor, I have seen every possible drug known to man on the streets. I have never seen anything that has had the devastating effects that heroin has had on our communities. Literally, fatal incidents are happening on a regular basis. One of my top priorities during my time in Washington has been to facilitate a community dialogue on this public health epidemic to discuss ways of treating and preventing addiction. At every forum, at every town hall, at every business I visit, at every hospital I visit, I hear from my constituents of the devastation this epidemic is inflicting on our communities. I hear tragic stories about friends or family members succumbing to heroin addiction. I hear from medical workers and first responders about the strain this epidemic is placing on their resources. I hear stories of pain and loss, and I want to share a few of those with you to illustrate what I am talking about. During the course of the six town halls I have conducted or have participated in throughout my district over the last several months, we have routinely heard of the stories of victims. In particular, families have told of the loved ones they have lost. One individual really caught my attention. They all caught my attention, but this one was pretty devastating. Morgan Axe was a beautiful young woman and a great athlete—just a great kid overall—who battled addiction with heroin for several years. At 24 years old, she became pregnant and she stopped taking heroin completely in order to protect her baby. She stopped taking any drugs that would have helped her with her cravings, and she was doing great. At the fifth month—at 5 months of being clean—a boyfriend thought it would be a good idea to give her a dose of heroin. We have the telephone records to show it. She took that heroin and she died, as did her baby. Her mother had to come to that forum and talk about this. I applaud her for the openness with which she talked about it, for the pain that she shared with us, and for the lessons that can be learned from this. It can happen to anybody. It is not an inner city drug. When we were growing up, we used to think of heroin users as individuals who would be under a bridge somewhere or in an alley, but that is not the way it is. It affects those in the suburbs, the wealthy, the poor, and everyone in between. I have one other quick story. When I was renting my congressional office, the individual who was showing me the office had a sad look in his eye. He began to tell me the story about his daughter, who was the Final Four MVP for the NCAA Junior College Lacrosse the year before. She died of a heroin overdose because she got into heroin after that championship. It is an epidemic with enormous consequences, and it is getting worse. The epidemic of addiction is claiming the 
lives from every age, class, and race, like I mentioned. I know that society doesn’t like to talk about drugs, addiction, and overdose, but this is a problem that we can no longer ignore, and it is one that we must absolutely, positively, address. The scourge must be stopped. I am absolutely proud to be part of the House action that is being taken this week on several measures that will help to fight against this growing opioid epidemic and through the passage of my drug kingpin bill earlier today. Much remains to be done, and I hope that Congress will build on the actions this week and will continue to work on efforts in a bipartisan manner so we can fight back and save people from addiction. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I thank the gentleman for sharing Morgan’s story with us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the western part of the Commonwealth, Mr. NEAL. (Mr. NEAL asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEAL. I thank Congresswomen CLARK and A NNKUSTER and Congressman FRANK GUINTA for the good work that they have done in calling attention this evening to this crisis that now threatens to overwhelm rehabilitation centers across the country. What I want to specifically cite in my comments for the next few minutes is a very human story. Her name is Bethany, and she wrote to me on January 18 of this year. 
Dear Congressman N EAL: I am writing to you regarding the heroin prescription pill crisis our State and Nation is currently entrenched in. I am a physician assistant who graduated from Wake Forest Baptist Medical School in their Physician Assistants program in 2003. I have worked in various outpatient clinics, as well as at Bay State Medical Center in Springfield, Massachusetts, and at the Cooley Dickinson emergency room operations in Northampton, Massachusetts. I have treated overdose patients, have been alongside physicians who have pronounced patients deceased from an overdose, as well as having referred patients to crisis support teams, outpatient treatment, and rehabs. After all of this, I never expected that I would become addicted to prescription painkillers after a series of surgeries and illness. I suffered in silence, alone in fear, shame, and guilt. I was a functioning professional who referred my addicted patients to various resources, but when I tried to reach out for help, I hit roadblocks. For instance, the emergency room I worked in was outsourced so that when I went to the emergency room director on two separate occasions to ask to go to the Employee Assistance Program, I was told that those resources were only available to hospital employees. I tried outpatient therapy and 12step programs, but I kept sliding backwards. After years of struggling, I couldn’t keep silent any longer. I confessed my addiction to a coworker. I felt that, finally, help would come. Instead, I was fired for cause and without benefits. The fear that had kept me silent for all of those years was now my reality. My husband was a stayathome dad. And now how could we support our three children? I felt like my life was falling apart. Little did I know that what I was doing was actually falling into place. With family support, I found a rehab program for 6 months where I could go with two young children. I saw my oldest on the weekends. After graduating rehab, I interviewed and signed up with the Massachusetts professional reporting system. For 5 years, I have called in daily. I am subjected to at least 15 random drug tests a year. I go to 2 to 4 hours of recovery meetings every week and attend a professionals in recovery meeting weekly. It was in the professionals meetings that I finally found a sense of belonging. It was the vital piece of the puzzle that had been lacking as I searched for recovery but kept backsliding. She writes in this letter to me of her strong faith and how it helped to get her through this very difficult time in her life, but she also points out that the system is broken, that the emergency room funding for reaching individuals is inadequate, that pain management is inadequate, that pain scales, treatments are inadequate. She writes: 
I found myself overtreating pain at times because I was taught that we could get sanctioned from not treating pain. I felt obligated to treat someone’s subjective pain without objective findings or reason. 
She writes of all of the challenges that she faced, all having started because of surgeries and illnesses that she had that required medication that, in fact, in the end, she could not successfully escape. She testified in a forum that I held. She was courageous enough to get up and talk about the problems that she had. Do you know what? She is doing better. So we call attention to those tonight who might find a path forward from the grim reality of heroin that sells on the streets of Springfield and Hartford for $3 a bag. This was an individual who had a normal working relationship with colleagues. This was an individual who went to work faithfully, had a professional designation, and found herself caught up in the opioid crisis because of the prescriptions that had been given to her early on. I know of the maintenance plan that is being proposed and of the suggestions that are being offered for more physicians to secure training and how opioids might be extended to those who need them, but I would implore this Congress to act favorably upon that proposal and that legislation. We all regularly go to caucus meetings, we go to a host of gettogethers, at which we always attempt to upgrade our skills. There is nothing that will upgrade your skills like the coarseness of a campaign—I can tell you that—but we all find that professional opportunity to challenge ourselves to do better in this institution. That should not be unlike those who are outside of the institution. Where you regularly require courses for attorneys, CPAs, and others, why not for physicians so they may receive the training that today would be readily available with the assistance of this Congress, hopefully after the vigorous activity that we will take this week? I close as I opened. I thank Congresswoman CLARK for her leadership, Congresswoman KUSTER for her leadership, and Congressman GUINTA for his leadership on this issue. I am telling you, across western and central Massachusetts, this is devastating families. There is an opportunity here for the Congress to respond. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I thank Mr. NEALfor the critical story that Bethany shared with him and that the gentleman shared with us. We know how devastating this crisis has been in western and central Massachusetts, and we thank the gentleman for all of his leadership on it. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ). Ms. STEFANIK. I thank Ms. CLARK . Mr. Speaker, first, I want to take a moment to thank my colleagues Mr. GUINTA , Ms. K USTER , and Ms. C LARK for their work and tireless efforts to combat the heroin epidemic that is sweeping across our Nation. Over the last 15 years, heroinrelated deaths have quadrupled, leaving families and communities across this country shattered. This crisis has been felt acutely in my district where the region is a major pipeline for illicit drug trafficking. Last November, law enforcement in Washington County, New York, made 11 arrests in one morning of individuals who were illegally selling heroin, cocaine, and prescription drugs. In New York’s North Country, I have seen and heard from those in recovery and from those still struggling that heroin addiction and prescription drug abuse is a lifelong challenge. In my district, heroin addiction tragedies have caused parents to bury their children and have left spouses widowed and young children parentless. These drugs reach out and impact even the strongest members of our communities. Addiction is a disease that does not discriminate. The support offered by treatment centers like St. Joseph’s Addiction Treatment & Recovery Center in Saranac Lake is critical to those who suffer from this disease. Several veterans whom I had the opportunity to visit with at St. Joseph’s have seen the harsh reality of war and are now fighting battles at home—one against heroin and opioid addiction and another against posttraumatic stress disorder. Heroin abuse touches our communities, our homes, and our families in ways that have grave effects on everyday people and everyday lives. As heroin use has increased, police departments across this Nation have seen a rapid rise in related crimes, such as sex trafficking, domestic disputes, larceny, burglary, and prostitution—all tied to heroin use. This week, I am honored to stand with my colleagues from both sides of 
the aisle to advance legislative solutions to this widespread and insidious crisis. As a member of Representatives GUINTA ’s and K USTER ’s bipartisan task force to combat heroin abuse and assist law enforcement efforts, we have worked tirelessly to find solutions. The legislation we present this week provides critical tools to medical personnel and law enforcement for stemming the flow of drugs and enhancing treatment options and availability. These are real problems that need to be addressed through innovation, cooperation, and thoughtful action. I am confident that we can secure a better heroinfree future for our Nation. These efforts are not the end of the House’s work on this issue. We will continue to seek solutions to this crisis that has touched families across my district and across our Nation. b1945 On behalf of the families, communities, and veterans in New York’s 21st Congressional District and across the country, I urge my colleagues to join those of us here tonight as we work to eliminate the heroin epidemic facing this country. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. STEFANIK for telling us of the work of St. Joseph’s and highlighting the importance of the impact of this crisis on veterans. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I first thank my colleagues, Congresswoman CLARK for leading this effort, Congressman GUINTA , as well as Congresswoman ANNKUSTER , who have worked tirelessly to move the heroin task force agenda forward. I applaud their persevering efforts and House leadership’s acknowledgement of the danger and devastation the heroin and opioid epidemic has caused across our great Nation. This serious situation impacts every county in the 9th District of Ohio, stretching across all of northern Ohio. We have been impacted more heavily due to the major Ohio turnpike, I–80/I– 90, and easy transport networks that link to international smuggling access points. The largest of our district’s five counties, Cuyahoga County, recently declared a public health emergency because of record rates of overdoses. The county lost a staggering 181 citizens in the first 4 months of 2016, a rate of overdose death that, if continued, would more than double the 2015 numbers for that county. Mayors across our district report to me the dramatic increase in emergency calls connected to the epidemic. For northern Ohio, spikes in opioid overdoses are outpacing the ability of local hospitals and rehabilitation facilities to respond effectively. This week’s legislative activity is imperative to communities across America. I encourage our colleagues in leadership to work expeditiously to conference the legislation. Send it to the President with funding immediately. People’s lives and local community stability and safety are waiting for our action. Tonight I would like to share the stories of three young adults—two named Matt and one named Tracy—who have been victimized by the heroin and opioid epidemic. The first is Matt who was 29 from Toledo, Ohio, who never thought he would become a drug addict. He never knew anything about drugs. He never even smoked cigarettes as a youth. He had a great upbringing and a good home with an amazingly loving family. He went to private schools from kindergarten through high school, then to college at a Division I university on a full athletic scholarship for baseball after graduating with a 4.0 GPA. So what happened, you ask? He tore his rotator cuff as a sophomore in college and was given a prescription for 90 percent Percocet. It only took about a week before he became physically dependent and totally reliant. Percocet became the gateway portal to selfannihilation. To sum up, his next year, Percocet pills got expensive, and he dropped out of college. And one day, not being able to find any pills because of the price and lack of availability, he was offered heroin, which was cheaper and stronger. And from that day on, he was hooked and injected heroin for 9 years. Matt transformed into a shell of who he used to be, a shell of who he wanted to be and who he always imagined to become. Matt lost everything and everyone in his life because of heroin. After 13 arrests in four different states, he is now a convicted felon. He overdosed and died, having been kept alive for 5 days by machines in ICU. How could this have happened to such a promising young man? Heroin and opioid abuse sees no boundaries. It is death masquerading as medicine. In Toledo, there are only 16 federally funded detox beds for an estimated 10,000 opiate addicts. We simply have to have legislation that allows for more detox facilities. There are programs like Team Recovery that have made a difference in the lives of individuals like Tracy, whose story I will place in the RECORD . Let me just say that if there are families out there who need assistance, one can call 1–800–662–4357 for advice and direction. That is an addiction hotline, 1– 800–662–HELP. The life you save may be your own or that of a relative, friend, or loved one. Mr. Speaker, I want to first thank my colleagues FRANK GUINTA and A NNKUSTER who have worked tirelessly to move the Heroin Task Force agenda forward. I applaud their persevering efforts and House Leaderships’ acknowledgment of the danger and devastation the heroin and opioid epidemic has caused across this great nation. This serious situation impacts every county in our 9th Ohio district that stretches across all of northern Ohio. We have been impacted more heavily due to the major Ohio Turnpike, I80–90, and easy transport networks that link to international smuggling access points. The largest of our district’s five counties, Cuyahoga County, recently declared a public health emergency because of record rates of overdoses. The County lost a staggering 181 citizens in the first four months of 2016, a rate of overdose deaths that if continued, would more than double 2015 numbers for the County. Mayors across our district report to me the dramatic increase in emergency calls connected to the epidemic. For Northern Ohio, spikes in opioid overdoses are outpacing the ability of local hospitals and rehabilitations facilities to respond effectively. This week’s legislative activity is imperative to communities across America. I encourage our colleagues and leadership to work expeditiously to conference the legislation. Send it to the President, with funding, immediately. People lives and local community stability are waiting for our action. Tonight, I want to share the stories of three young adults—two named Matt—and one named Tracy. Individuals from our district who have been victimized by the heroin and opioid epidemic. The first is Matt, who was 29, from Toledo, Ohio. He never thought he would become a drug addict. He never knew anything about drugs, not even wanting to smoke cigarettes as a youth. He had a great upbringing in a good home, with an amazingly loving family. He went to private schools from kindergarten through high school, then to college at a Division 1 university on a full athletic scholarship for baseball after graduating with a 4.0 GPA. So what happened, you ask? He tore his rotator cuff as a sophomore in college and was given a prescription for 90 Percocet. It only took about a week before he became physically dependent and totally reliant. Percocet became the gateway portal to selfannihilation. To sum up—his next year, Percocet pills got expensive and he dropped out of college. One day, not being able to find any pills because of the price and lack of availability, he was offered heroin, which was cheaper and stronger. From that day on he was hooked, and injected heroin for 9 years. Matt transformed into a shell of who he used to be, a shell of who he wanted to be— and who he always imagined to become. He lost everything—and everyone—in his life because of heroin. After thirteen arrests in four different states, he is now a convicted felon. He overdosed and died, having been kept alive for 5 days by machines in ICU. How could this have happened to such a promising young man? Heroin and opioid abuse sees no boundaries. It is death masquerading as medicine. In Toledo, there are only sixteen federally funded detox beds for an estimated 10,000 opiate addicts. Another young man also named Matt was one of the lucky ones who was able to secure a detox bed through Ohio’s Drug Abuse Response Team, or DART program. Today, it has been almost eight months since he was able to secure the bed, which has changed his course completely. In detox, along with three friends, all of which remain sober, Matt started Team Recovery, an advocacy group for addicts that makes recovery available and achievable. Team Recovery strives to change the stigma attached to addiction and make people realize addicts are not bad people. They are people who need medical help. Team Recovery speaks to Ohio students between 6th grade and collegeage, about 
drugs and alcohol, and offers assistance to family members and friends of those who need healing and support. They hope to eventually spread their efforts across the nation. Today, Matt has turned his life around and reconnected with family and friends. He speaks daily with police, judges, coroners, doctors, treatment providers, police & fire chiefs, all in an effort to collaborate in this fight against opiates. His message is positive and clear. Recovery is possible, and it is beautiful. Working alongside Matt at Team Recovery is Tracy, 39 years old, who point blank told me that she is a recovering addict. Tracy started smoking marijuana when she was 15, to numb the pain from past sexual abuse, not otherwise knowing how to cope in a healthy way. She moved from Toledo, to Chillicothe, Ohio in 2001, where she met a man who introduced her to opioid pills and cocaine. At age 24, she started using cocaine and it wasn’t long before she used it every day. Eventually, she started to smoke it and even inject. For 6 years her addiction was so bad she lost everything: jobs, friends, family, everything she owned, even her dignity and morals. She was alone fighting the worst battle of her life. In 2007, she was caught with possession of cocaine, after reoffending shortly after, she was sent to prison. Rather than give Tracy any chance to seek treatment, she was sent to prison for 5 years. In prison, she realized there were just as many drugs in prison as on the street. Being there did not help. She needed treatment, not a prison sentence. It is nearly impossible to find a treatment facility because there are so few available. From the age of 15 until May 4, 2007, Tracy abused drugs. What drove her to sobriety? She was so tired of losing everything, living couch to couch, doing illegal things to get drugs and having her dignity and morals stripped away because she was chasing a high. She was ready for a change, to take back the life she lost during her addiction. Today, her life has changed dramatically. A week ago, on May 4th, she celebrated 9 years of sobriety. Now, she uses her experience of moving past addiction to help others. She is in college, studying psychology to become a substance abuse counselor. She started a job at a recovery house as a resident advisor and is also an active member of Team Recovery. The legislative action the House will address this week will provide much needed correction to our justice and health systems—which have not adapted fast enough to this crisis. I wish to emphasize a few lessons Team Recovery highlighted to me. These are the recommendations of individuals who understand the plight of heroin and opioid addiction better than most: 1. There needs to be more funding for detox beds. They should not be limited to 16 beds per facility. 2. Medicaid should not cap facilities to 16 detox beds. 3. Prevention, education, and awareness are paramount! The innovative approach of Team Recovery’s school presentations allows students to better relate, impacting their understanding and behavior. 4. Better monitoring of prescription prescribing and overprescribing is needed. Creating stricter limitations on prescription counts is highly necessary. 5. Suboxone and Methadone (opioids) are not the solution to an opiate epidemic for everyone, but cannot be ruled out as an option for some. 6. Vivitrol is a key resource and should be utilized more. 7. Recovery is possible but detox and treatment are paramount. Jail without addiction treatment fails those who need help. 8. Opioids impact the way the brain functions. Recovery can take months, if not years, if it is to be effective. Finally, if anyone listening is facing this terrible monster of addiction, or you know a friend or loved one who is, call 1–800–662– HELP. That’s 1–800–662–4357 for advice and direction. The life you save may be your own, or that of a relative, friend or loved one. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. KAPTUR for putting a face to this addiction with the moving stories of Matt and Tracy. I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. CLARK and Mr. G UINTA for their hard work in making this Special Order happen tonight and in moving forward on this very, very important issue. Mr. Speaker, opioid use is an epidemic in this country, and unfortunately the problem is only getting worse. I want to also commend Senator ROB PORTMAN for his leadership in introducing and passing in the other body CARA, legislation to combat opioids, especially heroin. I would expect that whatever we pass here in the House— and we are considering a number of bills—will ultimately be reconciled with the Senate and Mr. PORTMAN ’s bill over in the Senate. This will help many struggling Americans. I talked to a member of a city council in one of the smaller communities in my district back in—I represent the greater Cincinnati area—in Lorain County. It happened to be North Bend. According to the last census, there are only 857 people who live in the entire village, so it is pretty small. But the first councilperson that I talked to talked about the heroin problem they are having in this community. This is a very small community, kind of a normal, middle class area. There are great people, families, hardworking people. Yet, heroin is becoming a scourge in this community. William Henry Harrison, one of our earlier presidents—he has his monument and was buried—is from this community. It is just amazing to me to think that if it is hitting a small community like this, it is hitting virtually everywhere. Simply put, we must find workable solutions to this epidemic. High income, low income, urban, suburban, rural, it really doesn’t matter. This epidemic is impacting communities all across this country. In fact, in my home State of Ohio, 13 out of 16 congressional districts are designated as high intensity drug trafficking areas by the Office of National Drug Control Policy. Back in 2014, just a little over a year ago, we had a staggering 2,744 heroin deaths in our State alone. Obviously, States all over the country are having this problem as well. Mr. Speaker, in searching for an answer to this problem—I happened to be the dean of the Republicans in Ohio— we had a briefing with the head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, Michael Botticelli. We actually learned an awful lot about what is happening in our State and nationally. Basically what we learned is that there are two fronts. It is reducing the supply and it is eliminating the demand. Supply reduction is a complex issue. Since much of the heroin is coming across the Mexican border, obviously, increased border security is important. Treatment is absolutely important. The Drug Enforcement Agency often has takeback days where people can drop off old prescriptions to licensed agents for disposal. What we have seen are that an awful lot of especially young people who are getting hooked on heroin start out with prescription drugs, and oftentimes it is something that they got from a family member in their own home. Despite additional control mechanisms, if there is one thing we have learned over the years, it is almost impossible to completely cut off the supply of any particular drug. So we must also eliminate the demand. We need to focus on drug treatment and prevention programs. For example, in Cincinnati, we have something called the Talbert House, which is one of many nonprofits that help folks in southwest Ohio and northern Kentucky to combat substance abuse. So there are many, many programs that we already have. We need to have more. I want to, again, commend the fact that this is happening in a bipartisan manner. We have a lot of Members in the House, both Republicans and Democrats, who have come together and have a lot of good plans. They have talked with the folks in their districts. I commend my colleagues for working on this together in a bipartisan manner. Let’s reconcile what we pass here with the Senate, let’s get this passed into law, and let’s move this forward on this very, very critical issue. I thank the gentlewoman from Massachusetts for pulling this Special Order together this evening. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for reminding us that even rural America has not been spared this epidemic. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this is an emotional night for me. I thank the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) for guiding us. I 
also thank Representatives G UINTA and KUSTER . I am so moved by the fact that we are here on a bipartisan statement. As I spoke to Ms. KUSTER and indicated, as a ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations count me in, as she began to expand the tragic window of the impact of drug addiction, particularly opioids. Let me speak very quickly because I have a lot to say. This is an epidemic that has gone beyond reason. Between 2000 and 2014, almost half a million people died from drug overdoses. In 2014 alone, more than 47,000 people died of drug overdoses. The largest percentage of overdose deaths in 2014 were attributed to opioids like prescription painkillers, methadone, morphine, and heroin. Today in the Rules Committee, we made it clear that we want to work with doctors and law enforcement. We also said that we understand the use of painkillers during end of life. We understand that, so we are not here to condemn. We are here to help. I am so glad that the Judiciary Committee will have on the floor this Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act that responds to this crisis. It is a treatment bill where we will bring together law enforcement and substance abuse treatment persons. This emergency is compounded due to the perilous connection between prescription painkillers and heroin. Approximately three out of four new heroin users report that their use began with their abuse of prescription drugs. Not only were 11 million people at risk of overdosing due to their abuse of prescription painkillers, 11 million people were also at risk of becoming addicted to heroin with its attendant risks. We have heard the stories, and let me share some with you very quickly. I read one on the plane as I came up. It was a very painful story. A woman was detained in a fatal car wreck. In that car was her little 2yearold and a little 7yearold. She was on hydrocodone. She sideswiped two cars and then killed a person on a motorcycle. That person’s family does not have them anymore. This woman will be subjected possibly to life imprisonment. Those children will not have a mother. What about the situation in Ohio? We don’t know what the circumstances were, but eight persons of a family were killed execution style. Drugs were behind it. What about this mother who supplied hydrocodone and alcohol to her son and his date on prom night? There is an epidemic that we must confront. There are those who would do wrong, but those who are addicted. This is evidenced by a study, ‘‘How the Heroin Epidemic Differs in Communities of Color.’’ It is important, as I stand here and look at the suburban and rural areas, that we, again, remember how it has doubled among African Americans, Latinos, and Native Americans and that we look to the kind of resources that would include all. In conclusion, let me share these numbers with you that I think are so very important. They are startling. The increase in overdose by rates: 267 percent by the White population from 2010 to 2014. 213 percent by African Americans from to 2010 to 2014. 137 percent by Hispanic. And Native Americans, 236 percent. Not one person can be counted out that needs to be included in our work here on the floor of the House. I am glad that we are making this statement today and next week because now America knows the Congress is speaking, the bully pulpit will be heard, and I hope we can save lives. I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic to speak on this important issue impacting all Americans. I want to thank Congressman FRANK GUINTA  (R–NH) for his leadership in elevating this issue to a national forum that has drawn unprecedented attention and concern. We must take action because today a leading killer of Americans is drug overdose. Between 2000 and 2014, almost half a million people died from drug overdoses. Many of these deaths were preventable. In 2014 alone, more than 47,000 people died of drug overdoses. The largest percentage of overdose deaths in 2014 was attributed to opioids—like prescription painkillers, methadone, morphine, and heroin. Specifically, 28,647 people overdosed and died because of an opioid in 2014. We are experiencing an emergency that impacts citizens in every state, city, and town in this country—that is prescription painkiller and opioid abuse. This emergency is compounded due to the perilous connection between prescription painkillers and heroin. Prescription painkiller abuse is the strongest risk factor for future heroin use. Approximately three out of four new heroin users report that their use began with their abuse of prescription painkillers. Heroin use becomes appealing to those addicted to prescription painkillers because it is cheaper and easier to obtain. Due to its potency, heroin use tends to lead to addiction. Heroin addiction is often deadly, leading to overdose or other chronic diseases. The rate at which the occurrence of heroin overdose deaths increased is cause for alarm. In the four years between 2010 and 2014, heroin overdoses more than tripled. More than 10,500 people died from heroin overdoses in 2014. In 2013, more than 8,200 people died from heroin overdoses. In that same year, 11 million people admitted to improper use of prescription painkillers. Not only were 11 million people at risk of overdosing due to their abuse of prescription painkillers, 11 million people were also at high risk of becoming addicted to heroin—with its attendant risks and dangers. This current crisis requires an immediate and comprehensive response and the bill before us today is one element of a broader strategy. I am proud to say that I have worked with my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee and with members of the Heroin Task Force to introduce and cosponsor legislation that help combat this deadly epidemic. Legislation Supported by Jackson Lee 1. Bipartisan Comprehensive Legislation: H.R. 953—Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2015; Representative SENSENBRENNER , F. J AMES , Jr. [R–WI–5] (Introduced 2/12/15); 124 Cosponsors (84 Dems— including SJL, 40 Reps); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 3719—‘‘Stop the Overdose Problem Already Becoming a Universal Substance Epidemic Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘STOP ABUSE Act of 2015’’; Representative GUINTA , FRANK C. [R–NH–1] (Introduced 10/08/2015); 8 Cosponsors (4 Dems, 4 Reps); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 4697—Prevent Drug Addiction Act of 2016; Representative ESTY, ELIZABETH H. [D– CT–5] (Introduced 03/03/2016); 2 Cosponsors (Reps); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. 2. Legislation to Improve Pain Management Practices: H.R. 4499—the ‘‘Promoting Responsible Opioid Prescribing Act of 2016’’ and as the ‘‘PROP Act of 2016’’; Representative MOONEY , ALEXANDER X. [R–WV–2] (Introduced 02/09/ 2016); 31 Cosponsors (18 Rep, 13 Dem); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 2805—Heroin and Prescription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act of 2015; Representative BROOKS , SUSAN W. [R–IN–5] (Introduced 06/17/2015); 41 Cosponsors (23 Reps, 18 Dems); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 1821—Opioid Overdose Reduction Act of 2015; Representative NEAL, RICHARD E. [D– MA–1] (Introduced 04/15/2015); 6 Cosponsors (4 Reps, 2 Dems); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 2335—Stop Tampering of Prescription Pills Act of 2015; Representative KEATING , WILLIAM R. [D–MA–9] (Introduced 05/14/2015); 9 Cosponsors (5 Dems, 4 Reps); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 4599—Reducing Unused Medications Act of 2016; Representative CLARK , KATHERINE  M. [D–MA–5] (Introduced 02/24/2016); 14 Cosponsors (10 Dems, 4 Reps); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 4063—Jason Simcakoski PROMISE Act; Representative BILIRAKIS , GUSM. [R–FL– 12] (Introduced 11/18/2015); 30 Cosponsors (17 Reps, 13 Dems); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. 3. Legislation to Improve Treatment: H.R. 2536—‘‘Recovery Enhancement for Addiction Treatment Act’’ or the ‘‘TREAT Act’’; Representative HIGGINS , BRIAN [D–NY–26] (Introduced 05/21/2015); 25 Cosponsors (18 Dems—including SJL, 7 Reps); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 4076—The Reforming and Expanding Access to Treatment Act or the ‘‘TREAT Act’’; Representative TURNER , MICHAEL R. [R–OH– 10] (Introduced 11/18/2015); 6 Cosponsors (all Dems); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 3865—Cradle Act; Representative JENKINS, EVAN H. [R–WV–3] (Introduced 10/29/ 2015); 38 Cosponsors (30 Reps, 8 Dems—including SJL); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. 
H.R. 4586—Lali’s Law; Representative DOLD, ROBERT J. [R–IL–10] (Introduced 02/23/ 2016); 3 Cosponsors (2 Dems, 1 Rep); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. H.R. 2872—Opioid Addiction Treatment Modernization Act; Representative BUCSHON , LARRY [R–IN–8] (Introduced 06/24/2015); 5 Cosponsors (4 Reps, 1 Dem); * No Sentencing Enhancements or Penalties. Sentencing Reform Legislation: H.R. 3713—Sentencing Reform Act of 2015; Representative GOODLATTE , B OB [R–VA–6] (Introduced 10/08/2015); 65 Cosponsors (48 Dems—including SJL original, 17 Reps) We must make our best efforts to prevent individuals from moving from painkillers to heroin by making treatment for addicts more accessible by encouraging the use of evidence based programs, such as medicationassisted treatment. Lifesaving overdose reversal drugs, like naloxone, are most valuable in the hands of trained individuals who regularly come in contact with individuals who are prone to drug overdoses. It is important that we support these measures that will increase the use and availability of naloxone and other overdose reversal drugs to first responders. Addiction is a disease that affects the brain and eventually changes the behavior of addicts, causing them to experience mental health issues and encounter legal problems. Treatment is the most reasonable and effective approach to diverting these individuals away from homelessness and prison. 
[From WETA FRONTLINE, Feb. 23, 2016] HOW THE HEROIN EPIDEMIC DIFFERS IN  COMMUNITIES OF COLOR  (By Sarah Childress) Most of the media attention in the current nationwide heroin epidemic has focused on the uptick in overdose deaths among suburban, white, middleclass users—many of whom turned to the drug after experimenting with prescription painkillers. And it’s among whites where the most dramatic effect has been seen—a rise of more than 260 percent in the last five years, according to the Centers for Disease Control. But the epidemic has also been seeping into communities of color, where heroin overdose death rates have more than doubled among African Americans, Latinos and Native Americans, but gone largely overlooked by the media. People develop addictions for a variety of reasons, which makes it difficult to gather concrete data on what’s happening in each community, said Dr. Wilson Compton, deputy director at the National Institute of Health’s National Institute on Drug Abuse. ‘‘To a certain extent, these are hidden behaviors, and we only notice people at the end of their lives sometimes,’’ he said. ‘‘So we don’t always know all of the pathways that lead to this.’’ FRONTLINE spoke to experts and community outreach workers around the country to try to understand the differences. While some have followed a similar trajectory as the white community, a closer look at the epidemic in some communities of color reveals a different story. And outreach workers in several cities say that while funds and attention have been directed to aid white opioid and heroin users in the suburbs, they are still struggling to get the resources they need to support minorities who are dealing with the same addiction. ‘‘Our job is to help those services really make it deep into the community,’’ said Jacqueline Robarge, founder and director of Baltimorebased Power Inside, which serves drug users who are mainly AfricanAmerican women. ‘‘And if they aren’t going to arrive, we want to have an accounting that these people have been suffering for decades. It really is disingenuous if the resources are only going to be directed at the suburbs and the counties where, basically, the white folks are getting high.’’ b2000 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. JACKSON LEEfor her advocacy and leadership and always championing our communities of color who have also been devastated by this crisis. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and thank her and Mr. GUINTA for this very important evening where we are talking about a plague on our country. I am pleased to stand here today to join my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in resolve to find real solutions for the heroin and opioid epidemic hitting our communities and our Nation. Our Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic is actively bringing together law enforcement, treatment, and recovery experts to share critical information that has been helping us to better understand the issue. This House is working on crafting better laws that will help law enforcement tackle this problem so that treatment and recovery professionals can effectively offer lifesaving treatments to those currently suffering from addiction. Our words must be followed by action. We are working with all levels of government, from the Federal down to the local level, as well as the private sector and nonprofits to fix this problem. For example, I introduced the Co Prescribing Saves Lives Act with my Democratic colleague, Congressman BILLKEATING , which would encourage physicians to coprescribe naloxone alongside opioid prescriptions and make naloxone more widely available in Federal health settings. Naloxone is a safe and effective antidote to opioid related overdoses, including heroin and fentanyl, and is used as a critical tool in preventing fatal opioid overdose, having reversed more than 26,000 overdoses between 1996 and 2014. I have cosponsored and supported several other bills, such as the ones we are working on this week, to advance stronger, uptodate solutions to this brutal epidemic. But it is the human side of the story that motivates us. Every district has their stories, and I commend the families that are speaking out so that others don’t experience the pain and loss that they have. Vonda Probst from Friedens, Pennsylvania, lost her son Jared Carter to a heroin overdose 2 years ago. Jared enjoyed motorcycle riding, four wheeling, fixing old cars, and being outdoors. He would have turned 30 last summer. There are far too many stories like Jared’s in Pennsylvania and throughout the Nation, stories about lives full of potential and value that are cut short by drug abuse. Chad Schilling was another individual from my district whose family has spoken out. Chad died last month at the age of 32. He was the third member of his high school’s 2001 football team. ‘‘It can happen to anybody,’’ Jeff Schilling, Chad’s dad, said. ‘‘I don’t care if you’re poor, you’re homeless, you’re wealthy, it can happen to you. So get help.’’ And then there is Tony Swalligan. As stated in an editorial in Johnstown’s TribuneDemocrat, Kathi, Tony’s mother, wants others to know that she is both grieving and angry that heroin claimed Tony, her baby, the youngest of 10, who was just 23 years old. She said: ‘‘As a woman of faith, I’m taking this to God and asking him to damn heroin. That’s how I feel: Damn heroin.’’ ‘‘You only have to come over to the funeral home,’’ Tony’s mother said, ‘‘to know there’s absolutely nothing fun about heroin. And it’s not just themselves they’re killing. They’re doing this to their whole family. You think, ‘Ooo, I want to get high.’ But you’re killing your whole family.’’ His mother said: ‘‘What part of ‘heroin is highly addictive’ don’t our young people understand? Do they all think they’re 6 feet tall and bulletproof?’’ It is these stories that are all too often, but we must, we can find effective solutions to the opioid epidemic for these families. I am confident, by working together, we can turn the tide and save lives. I thank, again, my colleagues for organizing this very important hour. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman ROTHFUS for sharing the stories of Jared, Chad, and Tony and really putting a face and a name to this epidemic. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues very much for organizing this Special Order and for the bipartisan approach to dealing with such a challenging issue. I would like to rise today to share some of the stories, as my colleagues have, about my constituents whose lives have been impacted by addiction. We are now so well aware that addiction to prescription opioids is on the rise nationwide. In my home State of Maine, that trend has also been accompanied by a drastic increase in the use of heroin and other illicit drugs. Sadly, now heroin and other drugs provide a cheaper, more readily available alternative to diverted prescription medicines. The unpredictable formulations of these drugs, which can vary drastically in toxicity, have made Maine’s 
epidemic of addiction particularly deadly. In cities, small towns, and rural areas across the State, people are dying each week. Everyone knows someone—a family member, a friend, a neighbor—who has overdosed. No one is immune. People from every background, income level, and generation are at risk. One of the individuals we have tragically lost was a brother of a staff member of mine. His name was David McCarthy, and his struggle with addiction was captured in a feature this summer in The Washington Post, entitled, ‘‘And Then He Decided Not to Be.’’ David, who had been sober for several months, relapsed on the evening before he left home to return to his winter job at a ski resort. His family came forward to speak openly and honestly about his death because they believe, as I do, that removing the stigma and silence around addiction is an essential part of treating it as the serious illness that it is. One of the most poignant aspects of this family’s experience is that the day after David’s death, his brother Michael overdosed on the same batch of heroin. In Michael’s case, however, he was found while he was still alive, and the same paramedics who responded to David’s death happened to have a physician with them who administered an overdose reversal drug to revive him, so he survived. With his family’s support, he has now entered a longterm treatment program. Access to those resources, like readily available Narcan and quality treatment opportunities, quite literally saves lives. I am deeply frustrated and disappointed that my colleagues here in Congress have been unable to come together to provide funding to address this epidemic. I am very glad to see the House working on legislation this week related to opioid abuse, but the reality is, without funds appropriated to support the new programs created, many of these bills are nothing more than political rhetoric. I am afraid that some lawmakers would prefer to have people suffering from addiction continue to turn to our already overburdened emergency rooms for care, to continue asking them to enter treatment, only to be turned away because they can’t pay, or asking those people who are addicted to continue struggling to recover while also dealing with homelessness, food insecurity, and a range of other challenges. That is just unacceptable. Every victim of this epidemic represents an incredible loss, not only to the people who love them, but to all of us, in the form of missed potential. This summer I had the pleasure of meeting Chris Poulos, a University of Maine law graduate who was working to get his security clearance for a fellowship at the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy. The process was especially difficult for him because he is a convicted felon who was arrested for drug possession during a period of addiction to opioids and other drugs; but now Chris is devoting his considerable talent and intellect to helping others—not despite, but because of his own recovery. The State of Maine and our country are better off because he could access treatment when he needed it. Our constituents need treatment, and they need it now. States can’t face the epidemic alone, and they shouldn’t have to. The difference Federal funding can make became clear to me recently when I visited Crossroads, a recovery center in my district. Through a Federal grant, they established a treatment program for pregnant and parenting women which allows them to remain unified with their children while working on their recovery. One participant, Helen, came to the program while pregnant with her fourth child. The caring staff at Crossroads worked with her to ensure that she was able to bond with her baby after his birth and help facilitate her transition to a longterm sober housing program. I am proud that Federal funding played a part in her recovery. I firmly believe that helping Helen to get clean is a great investment in her, in her children, and in our society. During my visit to Crossroads, though, I heard about the many people who struggle to access affordable treatment or find themselves left without any support when they have completed it. They, too, need us urgently. Congress needs to come together and appropriate emergency funds to combat the epidemic of opioid abuse in our country. Clearly, it is a matter of life and death. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Maine. I thank her for sharing the personal story of David and Michael. I know that, in my extended office family, we grieve and remember and will continue to work for change for Kyle and Emmett, who we have lost in the past year as well. We will remember all the names that were mentioned in this first hour of Stephen, Jennifer, Morgan, Bethany, Matt, Tracy, Jared, Chad, Tony, David, and Michael. I thank my colleague from New Hampshire again for his work on this bipartisan task force. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4641, ESTABLISHING PAIN MANAGEMENT BEST PRACTICES INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5046, COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID ABUSE REDUCTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. STIVERS (during the Special Order of Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–551) on the resolution (H. Res. 720) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4641) to provide for the establishment of an interagency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
COMBATING THE HEROIN AND OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Hampshire? There was no objection. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ), who is doing great work in this area. New England is particularly stressed with an opioid epidemic, as are many other States around the country, but her work is important because we share a crossState border. We need to continue to work together on this particular issue. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), a leader on the heroin and opioid epidemic and bringing legislation to the floor. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend for yielding. I want to thank Representative GUINTA  for his leadership with the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic. I also want to thank Representative KUSTER and Representative CLARK for their leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, between 2001 and 2014, there was a threefold increase in prescription drug overdoses. What was amazing is that during that same period of time there was a sixfold increase in heroin overdoses in the United States. This is truly an epidemic. Today every 19 minutes, someone dies from a heroin overdose. In Chicago’s collar counties, we lose one individual every 3 days. In Cook County, it is more than one a day. As the cochair of the Illinois Suburban AntiHeroin Task Force, I have seen the unimaginable suffering that heroin has brought into families in our community. Naloxone, however, has proven to be hugely successful as a lifesaving 
antidote. When used, naloxone helps restore breathing that has been stopped by an overdose of heroin. In Lake County, Illinois, alone, over the course of a little bit over a year, over 74 lives have been saved with naloxone. This program equips police with the overdose antidote and trains them how to administer this medication. What was fascinating was that the police force didn’t have to be asked to do this. They actually requested to have the opportunity because they were coming to these scenes over and over and over again, usually about 5 to 7 minutes before first responders and the fire department would come, before the paramedics would be there. They didn’t want to actually watch these young people, these individuals, these people who were addicted just wither away and die. So they were given naloxone, they were given the training, and thus we have seen the success in one county across our country. My work with the Lake County Opioid Initiative inspired me to introduce Lali’s Law with Representative CLARK . Our bill is named in honor of Alex Laliberte, a young man from Stevenson High School, who passed away just before his finals in his sophomore year. Now, what is amazing about Alex is that Alex was a normal guy. He played sports, had lots of friends, had good grades, your typical allAmerican, red blooded young man. Yet when he was in college in that first part of his sophomore year, he started to get sick, and he went into the hospital. His parents and his teachers, nobody really knew what was wrong, but he was actually going through withdrawal from prescription drugs. He would get better and then, all of a sudden, would repeat this process, until eventually he passed away. Lali’s Law will help increase access to naloxone by providing grant money to States as they implement standing order programs that will allow pharmacists to dispense naloxone over the counter without a personspecific prescription. With increased access, the World Health Organization says that we will be able to save at least 20,000 additional lives each and every year. b2015 Naloxone is one piece of the puzzle to combat the opioid epidemic. Another piece is getting addicts saved by naloxone—those that have had that second chance at recovery—into treatment. This summer the Lake County Opioid Initiative is rolling out another program with the help of police officers who are trying to become that link between the addicts. They are trying to get those suffering from addiction into treatment centers that can actually help them. They want to bring them in. They say: We don’t want to put you in handcuffs. We don’t want to put you behind bars. We actually want to get you into treatment. So bring your paraphernalia in, bring the drugs in here, and let’s try to get you into an area where you can get that treatment that you need. We are also encouraging people to properly dispose of their excess medications, especially prescription opioids. The Lake County Underage Drinking and Drug Prevention Task Force has set up drug takeback boxes throughout Lake County at police departments. What is amazing is that, over the course of the last year, they have collected 12,000 pounds of prescription drugs. This is just in the police station. So we went to Walgreens and said: Please help us. Please help us get this word out. Please help us make it easier for us to allow people to get their prescriptions that they don’t need—the excess—back. They are able to and said they would happily to do that. I am so pleased to announce that Walgreens said they are going to put 500 prescription takeback boxes throughout the country. This is a huge step forward. CVS is working on education programs. So we appreciate those outside of the Congress that are helping us in this regard. I am thrilled that we are taking up these incredible bills, these great bills, these steps forward that will help our communities combat the opioid epidemic by leveraging resources in our judicial and public health systems. I encourage my colleagues to take a look at these very seriously. I encourage my colleagues not only to vote for these, but I encourage my colleagues to go back to their community and educate their citizens, their families, their organizations in their district, about this incredible epidemic. There are parents I encounter today that say, ‘‘It is not in my neighborhood,’’ and it is, ‘‘It is not in my school,’’ and it is. The evidence is far too overwhelming. Frankly, this is why this week, in a bipartisan effort, Republicans and Democrats alike are coming together to shed light on what we see each and every day. Because there is no way in the world we can have another parent walk into a bedroom to find another child that has overdosed without doing all that we can to try to prevent that tragedy from happening ever again. So, again, I want to thank FRANK  GUINTA , I want to thank A NNKUSTER , and I want to thank all of those that have come tonight to help combat this incredible epidemic. Mr. GUINTA. I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), for his leadership in Lali’s Law and making sure that that bill comes to the floor for passage, as it is incredibly important to his district and honors Alex and his challenge. I yield to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ), my friend and the cochairman of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic, who is working diligently with me on this task force to do everything we can to help citizens of our State and the Nation. Ms. KUSTER. I thank Mr. GUINTA for his leadership and all of the participants in this bipartisan Special Order who are putting a face on the heroin epidemic all across the country. This evening I rise, as cochair of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic, to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have spoken to highlight the impact that this devastating impact has had in our home State of New Hampshire and all across the country. Just a few months ago our task force held a similar Special Order to focus on the human impacts of this crisis and how it is affecting families and friends and colleagues in communities all across our districts. While the crisis has continued, the good news is that we are now making important progress toward a solution here in Congress. I am appreciative of the important work that the Senate undertook in passing the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, and I want to thank Democratic and Republican leadership as well of the relevant committees for their hard work in recent weeks in bringing legislation to the floor of the House this week. At the same time, I call upon my colleagues to ensure that this important work fulfills its intended purpose by providing the necessary assistance to treatment and recovery efforts that are so critical to responding to this crisis. Recently, in January, I spoke about my dear friend Kriss’ stepdaughter, Amber, who tragically died from an overdose after a treatment bed was unavailable for her after leaving incarceration. This story, of course, illustrates the tragic consequences that limited treatment capacities can have for vulnerable members of our communities. Another heartbreaking story in my district involves Carl, the son of my constituent and good friend, Sue Messinger. At 24 years old, Carl had been using heroin on and off for about a year before he finally approached his parents to talk about his addiction. To put it simply, his parents were stunned. Carl was a recent college graduate who earned good grades and had his eyes set on applying to dental school. It was almost inconceivable to them that such a highachieving young man could fall victim to opioid addiction. But as they learned that day and as we all now know too well, there is no one face of addiction. After discussing his addiction at length with his parents and asking for their help and support as he began his journey to recovery, Carl’s parents were able to secure him a place at a detox program over 50 miles away from home, the only one that would take him as a cashpaying client because their insurance would not cover an opioid detox program. Six days later Carl successfully completed the detox and was discharged to 
return home to his parents. Over the next several weeks, Carl continued on his road to recovery. He passed every drug test and remained resolutely committed to avoiding all drugs and alcohol. His family was so pleased to see him getting better with each and every day. But when Carl came down with an upper respiratory infection shortly thereafter, a fatal error occurred in treating the infection. Unaware of Carl’s history of addiction and his recent completion of detox, the doctor who saw Carl for his respiratory infection prescribed Cheratussin AC syrup, a narcotic cough suppressant. Triggered by the codeine in the cough syrup, Carl’s addiction was instantly reawakened. When Carl could resist the craving no longer, he decided to inject. The substance he injected, however, was pure fentanyl, 50 times more powerful than heroin. He died of an overdose in his family’s home. There were no labels on the bottle that indicated that cough medicine could trigger such drugseeking behavior and no way for Carl or his parents to know that his cough medicine could pose such a fatal danger. Since his death, his mother Sue has spoken out about the need to reform labeling requirements to make sure that no other family has to endure what she has had to live through. Carl was an educated, kind, driven young man who came from a supportive family, and this tragedy could occur to anyone. The tragedy of Carl’s story is why I was proud to help introduce Jessie’s Law. Sponsored by Representative WALBERG , this bill would seek to ensure that medical professionals have full knowledge of a patient’s previous opioid addiction. It seeks to do this by requiring the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop standards for the prominent display of a patient’s history of opioid addiction in their medical records when those patients consent to include that information and by ensuring that the information can more easily be shared among providers with consent. While this legislation was only recently introduced and is not included in the current package of bills, I am hopeful we can work on bipartisan basis to bring this important bill to the floor before the end of this session. I am very pleased with the legislation we are considering this week that will have a measurable impact to move the needle in finding this epidemic. Among the 15 bills on the floor this week, half are part of the legislative agenda developed by the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic that I started with my colleague, Congressman GUINTA . Additionally, provisions of several other bills are included in legislation being considered. So this week represents truly important progress in the House. It is critical that those who have engaged in the fight against the epidemic continue to press on in our efforts to include critical financial assistance for prevention, treatment, and recovery in our final bill. As we reflect tonight on those we have lost to this epidemic and those who are still fighting it, let us continue to focus to ensure our communities have the help that they need to put this crisis behind is. Again, I thank all of our colleagues who are working to stop this epidemic. Mr. GUINTA. I want to thank the gentlewoman from New Hampshire for talking about Carl and our good friend Kriss and her stepdaughter Amber. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), my colleague. Mr. FITZPATRICK. I thank Representative GUINTA for yielding and for his incredible and sustained leadership, along with Representative KUSTER and others, on this important bipartisan work. I know that we all wonder if the work that we do here in the Nation’s capital—the bills that we consider, the votes that we cast—is having an impact on individuals. I truly believe—and I know that each of us do—that, if we can pass the bills that are being discussed here tonight, we can get them through the Senate and on the President’s desk. If they could become law, we literally could save lives. We could see families being saved. For some that we represent, the opioid drug use may seem a world away. But, sadly, the numbers remove any doubt about heroin’s impact so close to home when we have heard those stories told over and over again this evening. By every metric, the effects of heroin has reached epidemic levels. I heard Representative COURTNEY earlier today here on the floor speak about the epidemic as a national emergency. With that I agree. In Pennsylvania, heroin overdoses and opioid abuse will kill more people than homicides or influenza. In some States, it is more deadly than automobile accidents. There are several reasons for the rising statistics, Mr. Speaker, including the increased supply and decreased cost of heroin and the increasing number of Americans addicted to opioid painkillers. At a townhall meeting last fall in Quakertown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, in my district, graduates of the Bucks County Drug Court shared their inspirational journeys toward recovery. These stories, while marked with tragedy, are also punctuated with the hope that their message can save others from the pain and the loss of heroin addiction. Their message is having an impact. My community of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and others around this country are joining in the fight against drug abuse. Just 2 weeks ago, Bucks County residents helped dispose of more than 10,394 pounds of old pills and prescription drugs. I just heard this evening both Representative DOLD and Representative CHABOT speak about what they referred to as drug takeback days. We in Bucks County have removed literally tons of prescription drugs from the street, medicine cabinets, and from the water stream. Remove the supply as we work to remove the demand. As a member of the task force, I am continuing to work with leaders like those speaking here tonight in both political parties toward a common goal of developing and enacting these national policies to stem the rising tide of drug use and drug abuse. Through the hard work of this task force and the tireless efforts of local recovery advocates across our country, this week the House will take an important step toward passing comprehensive policies designed to help combat the opioid epidemic facing our Nation. I am proud to be part of this effort that will undoubtedly help save others from the pain and the loss of addiction. I thank Representative GUINTA for his leadership. We look forward to the success of these bills here this week. Mr. GUINTA. I thank Congressman FITZPATRICK for his leadership on the bipartisan task force and for working with us to combat this significant challenge. I yield to the gentleman from Staten Island, New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. I thank Congressman GUINTA and Congresswoman K USTER for their leadership in this area. Mr. Speaker, this week the House of Representatives will act to pass a package of bills addressing the opioid crisis. One of them, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act, will authorize new grant programs for cities and nonprofits for education, treatment, and enforcement, and not a minute too soon. Opioid abuse is an epidemic. It is everywhere you look. It is in our neighborhood, in our social circles, and in our schools. Too many parents have buried their sons and daughters or watched them struggle for years with addiction, treatment, and relapse. It has to stop. An effective response needs to address three areas: education, treatment, and enforcement. Today’s youth have to be educated about the dangers of addiction, and loved ones need to learn to recognize the early signs. b2030 The legislation the House will pass this week authorizes new grants to prevent the next generation from abusing pills and heroin. Proven diversion programs, like the drug treatment courts I participated in as district attorney of Staten Island 
for 12 years, should have the resources and the staffing needed to accomplish their mission: To get users off of drugs. The Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Reduction Act authorizes grants to establish new drug courts and expand those already in operation. However, we must follow up on our efforts this week and ensure that the grant application process is not overly complicated and onerous. In the past, the Federal grant processes has discouraged effective treatment organizations from seeking the resources made available by Congress. This is a national health emergency, and the bureaucracy must not get in the way of treatment. Mr. Speaker, this week marks a major step forward. Congress is directing resources towards programs and policies that have been effective, and will continue to evaluate what is working and what is not. By working together and getting the right tools to local experts, we can beat this demon of addiction. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for his work on the Opioid Abuse Reduction Act, I thank him for his work on the task force and continuing the fight in this epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Mr. GUINTA , Ms. K USTER , and the previous Special Order leader, Ms. CLARK . This is tremendously a great turnout for such an important subject, and for you three to lead it. Especially my good friend, Mr. GUINTA , I want to say thank you on behalf of the many families who have been affected by this epidemic in Central Illinois where I am blessed to serve. I think this shows how serious Congress is about addressing the issue of opioids and addiction in our country, and I am happy the House is going to consider important pieces of legislation this week. I want to read a quote from today’s Bloomington, Illinois, Pantagraph. It says: ‘‘The profile of a typical heroin user shooting up in an alley or backstage at a rock concert no longer holds true.’’ According to the CDC, there were more than 1,700 drug overdose deaths in my home State of Illinois in 2014, and the eighth highest in the Nation. As of March of this year, the Illinois Department of Public Health reported that 761 deaths in 2015 were attributed to heroin alone. And while the majority of these occur in the Chicagoland area, our State’s rural communities, the communities that I serve, have seen a noticeable rise of heroinrelated deaths in recent years. As a matter of fact, just yesterday in Bloomington, Illinois, the towns of Bloomington, Normal, McLean County, I was there. There have been seven deaths last year attributed in that one county to heroin use. I had the opportunity to join McLean County Sheriff Jon Sandage and County Coroner Kathy Davis and talk about what they see firsthand. Mr. Speaker, I saw for the first time in my life what heroin looked like in the evidence locker at the McLean County Sheriff’s Office just yesterday. I also had the opportunity to ride along with McLean County Sheriff’s Deputy Jonathan Albee, a handler in the department’s K–9 Unit, and his dog, Keej, who liked to bark at me a lot while I was in that car. We discussed the recent rise in heroin overdoses, as well as the 70 percent increase in arrests for controlled substance possession that the McLean County Sheriff’s Office says they have seen in the last year. And during that ridealong, I got to experience a stop where drugs were found, but not heroin. This is the community where my daughter just finished her freshman year in college. I have seen how this epidemic cannot just touch larger communities, many urban communities like Bloomington, Normal, and McLean County, it touches my home county of Christian County, too. Mr. Speaker, just a few years ago our county health department director was arrested for heroin use and heroin possession. If it can happen to our own county health department director, it can happen to anyone, regardless of your socioeconomic status. Mr. Speaker, there are many factors that have made this epidemic widespread, from prescription practices, to the actions of cartels south of the border; and that is why we are addressing this important issue this week in the House of Representatives. I am proud to join with my colleague, Mr. GUINTA . I want to thank him and the rest of the colleagues who have come here tonight to support this important issue. I can’t wait to vote in a bipartisan way for every single bill we are going to take up this week to address this very important issue. Mr. GUINTA. I thank the gentleman from Illinois for his being here this evening, his leadership. He has talked very eloquently over the last several months about constituents of his that he is working so closely to help in creating an opportunity for recovery. So I thank the gentleman and thank him for being here. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from West Chester, Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Kevin Steele, who is the district attorney in Montgomery County, one of the four counties that I represent a portion of in southeastern Pennsylvania, noted earlier this week that there were 2,500 drug overdose deaths in Pennsylvania over the past year, 60 alone in Montgomery County. This is what he said: ‘‘We’re seeing numbers we haven’t seen before. We’re on pace to have the deadliest year for overdoses.’’ Now, not all of them are heroin, but quite a good number of them are. I did not plan on coming down here to the House floor and speaking about any particular individual who I know, and I won’t name names; but I will say this, and this is a bit of a surreal moment for me. Between the time that I left my office and I came to the House floor, my brother texted me to let me know that someone that he went to high school with, who he was goods friends with, who played in my backyard growing up, had passed away. I then reached out to my other friend, who let me know that it was indeed, by all accounts, heroin. And in speaking with this friend, he shared with me the names of a few other individuals from my high school that I was completely unaware of who have passed away in the past 6 months, kids I haven’t seen or heard from in 15 or 20 years, but nevertheless, it strikes very close to home for me and I am sure a lot of Members here tonight who have had firsthand experience with the epidemic. As a member of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic, I do want to thank Mr. GUINTA and his leadership. We have an opportunity this week to take constructive steps to combat the heroin and opioid epidemic that damages our communities and destroys families, and we have that opportunity by bringing a series of commonsense, bipartisan bills to the House floor for consideration. Now, it is a package of bills. I won’t get into the specifics of each one. I would rather paint with a little bit more of a broad brush here this evening and simply say that these legislative efforts to take constructive steps to get direct and immediate resources to those on the front line in this battle, our first responders, our physicians, and healthcare providers, our local and municipal officials, is a tremendous step forward in the right direction. I served as a county commissioner, and I can tell you, I know the challenges that our local emergency responders and law enforcement professionals face each and every day. Indeed, last week I was in Berks County, one of the four counties I represent, and had a roundtable with the county commissioners there, the district attorney, the director of the emergency department at the local hospital, and also drug treatment professionals. It is very clear that we need a multilateral approach between drug treatment professionals, medical professionals, local officials. They each play a different role, but the theme is somewhat the same. We have outdated regulations, we have insufficient resources, and we need to better align the resources that we are providing. And that is what we are going to do this week in the House, positive productive steps on a bipartisan basis to get those on the front lines in our communities, the resources they need. In doing so, we will better 
empower our local first responders, our local law enforcement, and our community healthcare providers. I would be remiss if I didn’t also speak about the issue of prevention, prevention in the first instance. Abuse deterrent medications are critical. Our life sciences industry in my district and across this country are making tremendous strides. It is a key component in preventing addiction for many in the first instance. Let me conclude, though, with this, Mr. Speaker. As legislators, as lawmakers, we can’t end this epidemic. A law, any number of laws that simply pass the House that may get signed into law are not going to end an epidemic. We understand that—and I want the American people to understand tonight—we are not saying that by passing laws, we end the epidemic. But what we can do is improve collaboration and better align resources from and for the various stakeholders so that together we can turn the trajectory of this epidemic, which is on a very dangerous course, we can turn it into a declining direction, which is what we need to do. We need to turn this around. We have a tremendous opportunity here in the House this week to take very positive steps in that direction, and I want to thank Mr. GUINTA for his leadership on this issue. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for being here this evening and for his leadership in authoring the Prevent Drug Addiction Act of 2016, another mechanism by which we can provide opportunity to those who suffer from the ailment of addiction. His work is very wellregarded on the bipartisan task force and, again, I thank him for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield to another honorable gentleman from the great State of Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ), my good friend. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Hampshire and all of my colleagues who have taken this approach to comprehensive discussion on what we can do with legislation to deal with the issue of not just heroin abuse, but the opioids that are now a precursor. I would suggest that just about everybody who has come to this floor comes with a personal story. Mine is very personal as well. The name of the act that I am sponsoring that is part of this comprehensive package is the John Thomas Decker Act. John was an athlete of great talent. He was one of the record holders for more than a decade as a receiver who went on to Cornell as part of a program in which he was a lacrosse player, a program that won a national championship during his time there. But John, like so many student athletes, suffered from a knee injury that impacted his ability to play, and like so many, he played through the pain. And one of the things that he used in order to deal with that pain was opioids, opioids that in the beginning were prescribed, and then subsequently were used by him without a prescription. But that should not surprise you, because one of the things that we look at with respect to college athletes is that 23 percent of college athletes, according to one NCAA study, have been prescribed pain medications during the course of the year. Another 6 percent, on top of that, selfprescribe with opioids. So as a result, we have almost 1 in 4—more than 1 in 4 dealing with opioids. The problem being that that leads, oftentimes, to an addiction. There is a misunderstanding, a belief among many that it is a much safer drug because it has been prescribed, but not a recognition that it can lead, in weeks and even days with daily use, to a psychological dependency, which can lead toward the addiction. Many people think that because they have been able to get it under control, they will return to it at some time later at a dosage that they used before, and because of the concentration being higher, they will return, and oftentimes it can lead, as it did in John Thomas Decker’s situation, to an overdose. The John Tomas Decker Act is designed to enable, at the high school level, the Centers for Disease Control to reach out, study the impact of opioid use among high school athletes and better arm those who engage with them to monitor the use of those who have been prescribed it, to screen for history of current drug use, depression, other kinds of things that can lead to addiction, and begin to educate not just those student athletes, but those who are in charge of those student athletes about the great concern of opioid abuse, which can lead to heroin addiction and, ultimately, death. b2045 I’m grateful for the leadership of my colleague from New Hampshire and her counterpart across the aisle for their work in this important area. I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to support the John Thomas Decker Act, and I know that all of us will be committed to doing everything we can to stay ahead of this very, very challenging issue for our Nation. Mr. GUINTA. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ) for his leadership on the John Thomas Decker Act and his work in fighting this addiction as well. Again, I thank the gentleman very much. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the United States is in the middle of a drug crisis that is ravaging urban and rural communities alike. We have seen the overdose rates skyrocket in the United States in recent years. My home State of West Virginia sits atop the list, and I have seen firsthand the destruction that the disease of addiction has brought to our cities and towns. But imagine for a moment actually starting your life in the throes of withdrawal. This is the tragic reality for thousands of newborns nationwide. During pregnancy, a baby is exposed to any drugs the mother takes. As soon as they are born, their bodies begin going through withdrawal from heroin, opioids, and other drugs. Not even babies are immune from the effects of this drug epidemic. Until you see these babies going through withdrawal yourself, you cannot imagine their suffering. Their bodies shake with tremors. Their cries are heartbreaking. They are sensitive to noise, to light, and even to touch. No baby should have to go through withdrawal in their first hours, in their first days or weeks of his or her life. We in the House are working together on this critical issue. We are passing muchneeded legislation to create a path to recovery and a path to a healthy start in life for every child. I am honored to have legislation included in this package of bills this week. The Nurturing and Supporting Healthy Babies Act will expand our knowledge of coverage and care for newborns with neonatal abstinence syndrome, or NAS, babies suffering from withdrawal after birth from the exposure during pregnancy. The dramatic increase of NAS, the challenges to developing new models of care, and breaking down regulatory barriers are things I know all too well. I helped start Lily’s Place in my hometown of Huntington, West Virginia, which treats NAS newborns in a stand alone facility. The care given is complementary to the traditional hospital setting. Lily’s Place offers clinical care by doctors and nurses, as well as social workers for families. Hearing the cries of these newborns will forever change you. We owe it to each and every child to make sure they have a chance to start their lives healthy and happy. I wish to thank Congressman GUINTA  and Congresswoman KUSTER for their leadership on the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic. By working together, we can find solutions and build a brighter future. Mr. GUINTA. I want to thank the gentleman from West Virginia for his leadership on the Nurturing and Supporting Healthy Babies Act. I look forward to voting this week in favor of the gentleman’s legislation, and I appreciate the gentleman’s compassion and passion for the issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman CARTER . Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for holding this Special Order to discuss such an important issue. Mr. Speaker, as a lifelong pharmacist, I have experienced firsthand 
the struggles that medical professionals and Americans face with prescription drug abuse. Many don’t realize, but medical professionals are not immune to prescription drug abuse. I have had several colleagues in the pharmacy profession who have struggled with prescription drug abuse. In addition, I was the cosponsor in the Georgia General Assembly when the Georgia Prescription Drug Monitoring Program was created. I believe that PDMPs are one of the most important tools in the fight against prescription drug abuse. As a pharmacist, I experienced several customers who would walk into my store with an outof State driver’s license. As you can imagine, I was a little hesitant to fill a prescription of someone who has a Kentucky driver’s license when my store is in south Georgia. I believe the best way to address this issue is to work as a team. Physicians, nurses, pharmacists, and anyone else who is part of an individual’s medical team has a role to play. We must work together if we want to win against this powerful epidemic. In addition, community leaders, community service centers, and any other entity that is involved in community health has a role to play. We must all work together as a community to help people who are struggling with addiction. I encourage all of my colleagues to get involved in this issue. It is one that will destroy your communities and its families from the inside out, and you won’t know you have a problem until it is almost too big to fight. Again, I want to thank the gentleman from New Hampshire for holding this Special Order. I hope we can continue to work together on this issue because this work will never be done. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia for his leadership, and particularly for his expertise in the area of pharmacology. It is a critical component of understanding that we need to achieve based on the opioid crisis. I appreciate the gentleman’s leadership and his ability to work with the Congress to make sure that we are finding and striving for solutions beyond opioids for prescriptions for pain in the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California, Congressman KNIGHT . Mr. KNIGHT. I want to thank Congresswoman KUSTER and Congressman GUINTA for taking a leadership role in this epidemic. This is something that has gone across the country. We have seen huge rises in the Northeast and across the Midwest, but this is something that is not immune from any one of our districts. I, along with Representatives ESTY and COSTELLO , are sponsoring legislation to establish education programs for both consumer awareness and practitioner training to get at the root of most of these addictions. As a police officer for 18 years with the LAPD, I have seen an awful lot of drug addiction and drug addiction problems in our streets. We saw rock hit our streets many, many years ago, and that is still infiltrating many of our urban areas in America. Then we moved on to other drugs like meth and heroin. Heroin was always one of those kind of taboo drugs, but today it is not. We have seen a lot of the kids that get addicted because they got a sports injury or they got some other issue and have gotten a prescription drug, and they have moved on from the oxys when they have run out of these opioids and they have moved on to heroin. So it has not become a taboo drug. It has actually been a new drug that they can continue on their addiction; and they don’t understand what it is doing to their body, and they don’t understand the addictions that are hurting them and, in some instances, killing them. We have seen heroin and fentanyl taking over our streets and not just moving from California to Maine, but absolutely taking over America and hurting our kids and killing our kids in record numbers. My wife is also an NICU nurse. She has been an NICU nurse for about 20 years, and she has seen the effects of little babies that have come in and are now addicted to these drugs, and they are addicted to heroin. Seeing what this does to a baby that is born premature and now addicted to this drug makes your heart go out, but you also understand the problems that these babies are going to have probably for a very long time in their young lives. If we don’t do something, this will continue to ravage our kids, and it will continue to kill our kids on our streets. If Congressman GUINTA and Congresswoman KUSTER had not brought this forward, then somebody would have had to. But who? So I say I thank you to them both for doing this. I know it ravages your State of New Hampshire, but it also affects our States and our cities across the country. Without leadership, this would have continued to go on. These bills that we are voting on will do something. They will have an effect. The local administrations have to have an effect. Our counties and our States have to have an effect or this will continue on. So I say I thank you to the gentlewoman and the gentleman, and I encourage everyone to vote on these. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) for his service on the task force, his service for the last 18 years in uniform, and the gentleman’s continued service here in the Congress. The gentleman’s depth and understanding of the issue is critical to the passage of the legislation that we are bringing to the floor this week. I look forward to continuing our work with the gentleman, and I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentlewoman from our great State of New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ), my esteemed colleague, who is the cochairman of the bipartisan task force. Ms. KUSTER. I thank the gentleman, Mr. GUINTA , for his leadership and to everyone who participated tonight. The idea behind a Special Order to put a face on this terrible heroin epidemic and addiction, generally, is to create compassion and empathy both among our colleagues and for those of you who may be watching at home. We need a societal change in the way we approach substance use disorder. We need to understand that this is a disease. I say at home, frequently, every time you hear the word ‘‘addict,’’ think of the word ‘‘diabetic.’’ We don’t say to someone: We can’t treat you because you have just eaten cake. Essentially, we say: That is a really hard disease for you to live with, and we want to help you. That is the message that we want to convey tonight to families in New Hampshire and all across this country. We want to be a part of the solution, and that is going to include prevention, education, treatment, access to treatment, expanding access to treatment, and then lifelong recovery. We know that the brain changes under the misuse of prescription drugs or opiates or heroin, and we need to have the patience to help people get through not just the treatment itself, but the recovery period. We need homes where people can live in a substancefree environment, and we need supports and mental health supports. We have learned that four out of five heroin users have a cooccurring mental health issue typically untreated and typically not getting any kind of help with that. So in a sense, what you have are people that are selfmedicating. We also know that four out of five heroin users are coming to this through prescription medication, so we need to reach out and work with our healthcare providers. I am very proud that both the American Medical Association and the American Hospital Association are supporting many of the bills that we have coming forward on the floor this week. So this is the beginning. Our work is not done, but the message tonight is that Congress is coming together in a bipartisan way to tackle this headon, to help these families, to help people get treatment, and to put an end to this terrible, terrible disease. I thank the gentleman from New Hampshire. Mr. GUINTA. I want to thank the gentlewoman, my colleague from our State of New Hampshire, where, unfortunately, last year, 430 people perished due to opioid abuse and addiction. That is 1 out of every 3,000 of our residents. It is a significant challenge in our State, in the Northeast, and New England, but all across the country. Almost 50,000 people, last year, died of this epidemic. 
It is not just an epidemic, but an emergency, one that I believe this Congress is firmly standing strong in a bipartisan way to find solutions, to do our part at the Federal level to make sure that we have every opportunity not just to help those who seek treatment and recovery, but also to strengthen law enforcement, to focus on those individuals who are selling these drugs across the country, from California to New Hampshire, but also being proactive in prevention and in education. We often speak of our friends and constituents in New Hampshire that continue to suffer, but we also talk about our children. I have a 12yearold and an 11yearold that I hope will live lives without and free from drugs. I want to make sure that every seventh and eighthgrader in the State of New Hampshire understands the severity of the problem and understands that this is something that is deadly that we cannot even take once. As you mentioned, the challenge of fentanyl, lacing a pill of heroin with as many as three small pieces of fentanyl the size of grains of sand can kill a person. Most people don’t realize that. This is a deadly, deadly epidemic. b2100 This week the House of Representatives takes up a whole host of bills. After the Senate passed their CARA Act 94–1, we have had four committees of jurisdiction work and try to improve that piece of legislation. I look forward to sharing a very strong bipartisan vote this week on a whole host of bills, going to conference with the Senate, and getting this bill to the President’s desk. It is a mark of bipartisanship and it is a mark of leadership, something that the country needs to see from this institution and from this city. I want to thank all of my colleagues who participated in this Special Order tonight to kick off Heroin and Opioid Awareness Week. We have heard stories of success and difficulty come in equal measure from every corner of the country. I commend the House for passing a comprehensive bipartisan bill for the relief of the vulnerable, the victimized, and distressed in my district, in your district, and throughout the Nation. Any measure we take to lighten even slightly the burden of suffering patients and families can make the difference between fatal despair and renewal. The House is scheduled to take up several similar measures this week. It is my hope that, when combined, our efforts will begin to form a solution to this harrowing and tragic national crisis. We will continue to work for safe communities and effective evidence based treatments. But I want to end this evening on a favorable note. I want to share the story of my friend, Abi Lizotte, who the gentlewoman from New Hampshire, Congresswoman K USTER , knows all too well. Abi Lizotte last year had been addicted to heroin for an extended period of time and had nowhere left to turn. Her family wouldn’t help her. Her friends wouldn’t help her. Even the people she bought drugs from wouldn’t help her. She was 8 months pregnant. She finally called a nurse, a nurse that had helped her earlier in the year, and asked for assistance. She went to the hospital and thankfully was able to see a physician. That physician told her that she was days away from dying while she was carrying her child. Thankfully, through the grace of God and the help of people in New Hampshire, she was able to start the process of recovery. Today my friend Abi—and I am proud to call her my friend—has testified in front of our committee hearings in New Hampshire, has testified about the experience that she had and the loneliness and despair that she experienced. She is now 6 months clean with an 8monthold son named Parker. It is a story of success. She continues each and every day to strive for that success for others. She actually goes to schools in New Hampshire and speaks to kids about her experience in the hope that other people will not fall to the same experience she had over the last several years. I count her as a friend, but I focus our work in her name, just as you focus your work in the name of Kriss Soterian’s stepdaughter, Amber, because these are people we know. These are people that we don’t just represent. They are people that we want to try to save. I am very, very happy to see our leadership, the bipartisanship this week in the legislation that will come to this floor, and I pray that next year we don’t see the same number of deaths, that we start to see a decline. But, regardless, this is just the beginning of this process where we will continue to fight for every life, to fight for every person who is dealing with the disease of addiction, and will continue to work in a bipartisan way because people of our Nation deserve it. I want to thank my colleague again, ANNKUSTER from New Hampshire, my cochair of the bipartisan task force, for her leadership. I thank the speakers this evening. I look forward to a productive week and a productive year. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we are back in session and things have continued to proceed on. I appreciate so much my colleagues calling attention to this national disaster, really. Opioids are being used at what seem to be unprecedented levels. I know, since I have been here, there was basically a war against the use of methamphetamines. So we restricted lawabiding citizens’ access to Sudafed, one decongestant that works on me and has since it was discovered. We have had more drugs pouring across our southern border, according to what DEA agents and local law enforcement have been telling me in Texas and Border Patrol down at our border, DPS at our border. Drugs pouring in seem to have more purity and be more devastating to people that get hooked on them. Obviously, we have had doctors and nurses. I have sentenced many professionals, a number of them at least, for crimes committed. And they are getting access to opioids, but it is a problem. What concerns me, also, is that it appears this administration is saying: We will help you clean up the criminal justice inadequacies as long as you will pass bills that will get a lot of people, thousands and thousands of people, released from prison early. We have seen from the figures that were provided to Senator JEFF SESSIONS , pursuant to his request, that, of all the people in Federal prison for possession of illegal substances, 77 percent of them are not citizens of the United States. That is 77 percent of those in Federal prison for possession are not U.S. citizens. So, obviously, this President has been giving illegal, unconstitutional amnesties out like they were water at a marathon. Hopefully, the Supreme Court is once and for all going to assure that that stops. But it makes sense when you look at this as being an election year and the Democratic Governor of Virginia makes thousands of felons eligible to vote. All they need is to get out of prison, and then this President wants thousands and thousands more released from prison. The old saying is true here in Washington: No matter how cynical you get, it is never enough to catch up. We should do criminal justice reform. I have been pushing for it for the years I have been here, I guess for the last 8 years. But if it is only going to get signed into law if it is combined with scrapping the sentences that were arrived at by judges agonizing over an appropriate sentence, then I hope and pray it will not happen until January of next year, when a new President is in office, so that it does not get linked. I mean, the cynicism for an administration to say, ‘‘Yeah. We will do the criminal justice reform that is necessary, but only if you will allow us to release thousands and thousands from prison,’’ which there is no question that people will be murdered, people will be robbed, people will be assaulted, shot, burglarized in crimes that never would have happened if the President hadn’t pushed the early release of so many criminals. 
I hope and pray that we will be the guardians here in the House of those American citizens that would be killed, robbed, burglarized, assaulted, if the President gets his way and releases people early. We can’t allow that to happen if we are going to keep our oath to the American people. We have heard so often in this room and, goodness, we have heard right here across the street in front of the Supreme Court people that claim to be illegally in this country. The only reason I am saying claim to be illegally in this country is we have heard that all the people in this country are in the shadows and we need to bring them out of the shadows. These people that were claiming to be illegally here protesting in front of the Supreme Court recently were not in the shadows. They were in full sunlight out in front of the United States Supreme Court and, in fact, blocking traffic there right in front of the Supreme Court building. Ultimately, the police just shut off the streets because so many people were in the streets. This story from yesterday in the Washington Examiner is entitled ‘‘Cashing in: Illegal Immigrants get $1,261 more welfare than American families.’’ The story says: ‘‘Illegal immigrant households receive an average of $5,692 in Federal welfare benefits every year, far more than the average ‘native’ American household, at $4,431, according to a new report on the cost of immigration released Monday. ‘‘The Center for Immigration Studies, in an analysis of federal cost figures, found that all immigrantheaded households—legal and illegal—receive an average of $6,241 in welfare’’— I will point out parenthetically here that that is an average. Obviously, not everybody gets welfare that is here legally and illegally. Obviously, there are lots of households that don’t get welfare. But this is an average. And the article says: —‘‘41 percent more than native households. As with Americans receiving benefits such as food stamps and cash, much of the welfare to immigrants supplements their low wage jobs. ‘‘The total cost is over $103 billion in welfare benefits to households headed by immigrants. A majority, 51 percent, of immigrant households receive some type of welfare compared to 30 percent of native households, said the analysis of Census data.’’ I would like to insert, Mr. Speaker, when STEVE KINGand I visited in London, England, with the Social Security office equivalent there, they pointed out that, in order to receive Social Securitytype benefits in England, the law requires proof that you have been in the country for 5 years before you are eligible. We were told—I didn’t see them, but we were told that, in applying to come to the country or being in the country, you had to agree not to apply for benefits for 5 years, the idea being, if they are just an immigrant magnet for people who want to come get welfare, they would go broke. That was their reasoning. And, actually, it is quite good reasoning. b2115 As one of the leaders there in the office made clear, she said: ‘‘Look, we want to make sure that people coming into England are going to be contributors to our society and not just takers from our society.’’ I don’t know if she has been successful. Apparently there are people who come in who are just takers there; but this idea is interesting. It puts to the test whether someone is just coming in to get welfare benefits one has never participated in, has helped pay for, or if one is coming in to help make America a better country. Of course, some think: If I come to America and if they are paying me benefits, obviously, America is a better country because my getting welfare makes it a better country. But most of us would not necessarily agree with that. At least, I hope most would not. But in seeing this figure that the total cost is over $103 billion for welfare benefits to households that are headed by immigrants, possibly as much as anything else, it ought to indicate that our immigration policies and certainly this administration need dramatic changes. Perhaps it would be good to put a pause on immigration until we get this worked out because we are doing great damage to our country and we are doing great damage to other countries. Anyway, this goes on to read: ‘‘Immigrants receiving the most, in the study of 2012 figures, come from Mexico and Central America. Their average annual taxpayerfunded welfare collection is $8,251, 86 percent higher than the benefits received by native households, said the report.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is pretty staggering. These are, apparently, 2012 figures? Mexico and Central America? Immigrants from Mexico and Central America are receiving, on average, $8,251 per year. It is pretty clear. You don’t have to be that great of a mathematician. I was good at math in junior high and in high school. In college, I only had to study for 15 minutes for the final to make an A in algebra. But you don’t have to be good at math to know that no nation can sustain itself when it is giving people who are rushing into the country over $8,000 without their ever contributing a dime to the ongoing of the country. In any event, the article reads: ‘‘The new report follows another that found President Obama seeking $17,613 for every new illegal minor, more than Social Security retirees get.’’ That is just mindboggling. In the words of Bo Pilgrim, that is mindboggling. It is $17,613 that President Obama sought to provide to every illegal immigrant minor—a person under 18. They have come into the country, breaking our law to get here. Yes, I have been there at all hours of the day and night on the border. No one comes across that border unaccompanied. You can’t get across the Rio Grande, in the areas they were coming across, unaccompanied—4yearold, 6yearold, 8 yearold children as they stand there. I have seen them come up from the bank, and they are being helped. You see a woman helping this child, and the child is looking to her for answers, looking to her for instructions, looking to her for help. Then she gets up there, and she asks: Oh, is this your child? Oh, no. I don’t know her at all. She is not accompanied. Nobody is with her. Yes, you are with her, and all of these other people are with her, but we call it unaccompanied. Then, of course, the President wants $17,613 for every new illegal immigrant who is under 18, which, as the article points out, is more than he would seek for Social Security retirees. Again, from The Washington Examiner, it is talking about author Jason Richwine, who noted that illegal immigrants are barred from directly receiving welfare, but, instead, they get it via their legal children. ‘‘‘Illegal immigrants are barred from directly accessing most, though not all, welfare programs, but they can receive welfare through their U.S.born children. Legal immigrant households, which have greater eligibility for welfare, cost $6,378, on average,’ he wrote. ‘‘The average household’’—again, this is just an average household— ‘‘headed by an immigrant, legal or illegal, costs taxpayers $6,234 in Federal welfare benefits. ‘‘The average immigrant household consumes 33 percent more cash welfare, 57 percent more food assistance, and 44 percent more Medicaid dollars than the average native household. ‘‘At $8,251, households headed by immigrants from Central America and Mexico have the highest welfare costs of any sending region. ‘‘The greater consumption of welfare dollars of immigrants can be explained in large part by their lower level of education and larger number of children compared to natives. Over 24 percent of immigrant households are headed by a high school dropout compared to just 8 percent of native households. In addition, 13 percent of immigrant households have three or more children versus just 6 percent of native households.’’ So when you do the math, as some people actually have, our Nation is not long for the world unless we get on a lawful track. I have seen and had signs shoved in front of my face over in front of the Supreme Court that Jesus was an immigrant and that Jesus was a refugee. This thing I know from everything we have been taught, from everything that is in the Bible, is that Jesus was never an illegal immigrant. Jesus 
made clear you render unto Caesar that which is Caesar’s. You follow the law. He never broke the law nor advocated breaking the civilian law; though, those who crucified him clearly violated the law. An article here from The Washington Free Beacon today, by Adam Kredo, reads: ‘‘Report: Homegrown violent extremists planting roots across U.S.; foiled ISIS attacks, plots, and terror funding grows across Nation.’’ ‘‘At least 75 homegrown violent extremists were found to be operating across the United States in 2015, with the largest portion of these individuals pledging allegiance to the ISIS terror group, according to recent figures published by New Jersey’s Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness. ‘‘The largest number of homegrown extremists were caught providing material support to various terror organizations, while at least 21 percent of the terrorists were found to be planning attacks in the United States, according to the figures. ‘‘Another 10 percent successfully carried out terror attacks in California, New York, Tennessee, and Massachusetts, according to the data, which shows that the New York City area was home to the largest number of violent extremists.’’ That term ‘‘violent extremists’’ is so beloved by this administration so they don’t have to use the term ‘‘radical Islamists’’ or ‘‘Islamic jihadists.’’ Yet, here is an article from Craig Bannister today: ‘‘Administration’s Censorship of State Department Video Mirrors Deletion of Hollande’s ’Islamist’ Remark.’’ The article reads: ‘‘The State Department’s censorship of an oncamera confession made by spokeswoman Jen Psaki appears identical to the recent censorship by the White House of video of French President Hollande speaking the words ’Islamist terrorism,’ exposed by MRCTV. ‘‘FOX News’ James Rosen reported on Monday that the State Department edited out an oncamera admission by Psaki in 2013 that it is Obama administration’s policy to lie to the American people, and that the Iran nuclear deal was ’a good example’ of a time it did. ‘‘The administration used the same censorship tactics earlier this year when it edited out audio of President Hollande calling ’Islamist terrorism’ the root of terrorism today . . .’ The White House Web site has censored a video of French President Francois Hollande saying that ‘‘Islamist terrorism’’ is at the ‘‘roots of terrorism.’’ The White House briefly pulled video of a press event on terrorism with President Obama, and when it reappeared on the whitehouse.gov Web site and YouTube, the audio of Hollande’s translator goes silent, beginning with the words ‘‘Islamist terrorism,’’ then begins again at the end of his sentence.’ ‘‘The two censorships by the Obama administration follow the same pattern: ‘‘A comment objectionable to the administration was edited out of the official video posted on a government Web site, ‘‘The censorship was discovered and documented because the official government transcript had not been edited, ‘‘The missing video was, somehow, found and restored to the version on the government Web site—after the censorship had been exposed, and ‘‘The administration pleaded ignorance of the editing once it had been made public. ‘‘Rosen’s revelation begs a question posed to MRCTV multiple times since it broke the Hollande story: ‘‘Is this an isolated incident, or are there other times the administration has edited out comments it doesn’t want the American people to hear?’’ Consistent with actions like preventing people from hearing the French President point out the truth that Islamic terrorism is at the root of all terrorism—most terrorism it certainly is—here is a front page magazine story: ‘‘Obama Frees USS Cole Bombing Terrorist. American lives don’t matter,’’ from Daniel Greenfield. ‘‘On Thursday morning, sailors on board the USS Cole were lining up for an early lunch. Seventeen of them died as an al Qaeda bomb on board a fishing boat tore through the hull outside the gallery. The dead included 15 men and two women, one of whom had a young child. For 3 weeks, the crew of the USS Cole struggled to keep their ship from sinking while working waste deep in water with bucket brigades, sleeping on the deck, and living surrounded by the terrible aftermath of the terrorist attack. ‘‘The survivors, wounded and whole, received the words ‘Glory is the Reward of Valor,’ written on the bent steel removed from the site of the explosion that tore through their ship and their lives. b2130 ‘‘The President of the United States promised that justice would be done: ‘‘’To those who attacked them, we say: You will not find a safe harbor. We will find you and justice will prevail.’’’ As the article says: ‘‘Despite Clinton’s words, justice did not prevail.’’ The article goes on to point out all the injustice of what President Obama has done in freeing this bomber involved in the USS Cole bombing. He is a murderer of 17, wounder of three dozen or so in an attack on a United States military ship. The United States cannot long exist when this is the way we treat those who are trying to destroy us. In a May 5 account in The Weekly Standard’s story, ‘‘Obama’s Foreign Policy Guru Boasts of How the Administration Lied to Sell the Iran Deal,’’ it says: ‘‘It’s hardly any wonder that Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes has a ’mind meld’ with his boss, the President. According to a David Samuels New York Times Magazine article to be published Sunday and already posted to the Web site, Rhodes, like Barack Obama, is contemptuous of ’the American foreignpolicy establishment.’ What Obama calls the ’Washington playbook’ dictating the sorts of responses available to American policymakers, Rhodes calls the ’Blob.’’’ This article points out what is in the news right now, that the Obama administration—and I am being careful— that the Obama administration was responsible for a lie perpetrated against the American people. They claim they were dealing with moderates in Iran. They knew they were dealing with radicals, and Ben Rhodes is lying. He brags about all the lying they did to keep the Senate from standing up and having the courage to say this is a treaty. It is being done with radical Islamists in Iran. It hurts all our friends, helps our enemies. We will not allow that to happen. We are taking a vote on the Iran treaty as a treaty. And then when they did, if the Democrats tried to block it, then this, more than anything else they have ever taken up, would be something they should say, as HARRY REIDdid, we may not have 60, but this is critical. We vote on the Iran treaty and vote it down. So 51 votes sets aside cloture, and they drive forward. It doesn’t get the twothirds vote, and we stop the radicals in Iran from getting the hundreds of billions that will flow not just in 1 year, but over a period of time. I met with Baloch people, Baloch leaders today. The southern part of Iran, southern southwest part of Pakistan, those are indigenous Baloch areas. The most productive oilfields of Iran are Baloch areas. They have been so unfairly terrorized and mistreated. They know what terrorists the leaders of Iran are. We have friends in those areas of Iran and Pakistan, and this administration chose to lie to the American people to get the Senate to do nothing to stop them. And people around the world will die as a result of the lies that Ben Rhodes has now admitted to. God help us all. I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. HASTINGS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through May 13. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 546. An act to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National 
Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on April 29, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 2908. To adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. H.R. 1493. To protect and preserve international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 11, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 3209. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the disclosure of certain tax return information for the purpose of missing or exploited children investigations; with an amendment (Rept. 114–542). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 2137. A bill to ensure Federal law enforcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their families, during a covered furlough (Rept. 114– 543). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. S. 125. An act to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–544). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee of Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4590. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appropriations are being made for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–545). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4063. A bill to improve the use by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of opioids in treating veterans, to improve patient advocacy by the Secretary, and to expand the availability of complementary and integrative health, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–546, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4985. A bill to amend the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin designation Act to protect classified information in Federal court challenges (Rept. 114–547, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. KLINE. Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 4843. A bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to require certain monitoring and oversight, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–548). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 295. A bill to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program; with an amendment (Rept. 114–549). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2009. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona; with an amendment (Rept. 114–550). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 720. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4641) to provide for the establishment of an inter agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5046) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to assist State and local governments in addressing the national epidemic of opioid abuse, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–551). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1818. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to States to streamline State requirements and procedures for veterans with military emergency medical training to become civilian emergency medical technicians; with an amendment (Rept. 114–552). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3680. A bill to provide for the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out a grant program for coprescribing opioid overdose reversal drugs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–553). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3691. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the residential treatment programs for pregnant and postpartum women and to establish a pilot program to provide grants to State substance abuse agencies to promote innovative service delivery models for such women; with an amendment (Rept. 114–554). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4586. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to States for developing standing orders and educating health care professionals regarding the dispensing of opioid overdose reversal medication without personspecific prescriptions, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–555). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4599. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to permit certain partial fillings of prescriptions; with an amendment (Rept. 114–556). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4976. A bill to require the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to seek recommendations from an advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration before approval of certain new drugs that are opioids without abusedeterrent properties, and for other purposes; (Rept. 114–557). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4969. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to direct the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to provide for informational materials to educate and prevent addiction in teenagers and adolescents who are injured playing youth sports and subsequently prescribed an opioid; with an amendment (Rept. 114–558). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4978. A bill to require the Government Accountability Office to submit to Congress a report on neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) in the United States and its treatment under Medicaid; with an amendment (Rept. 114–559). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4982. A bill to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to evaluate and report on the inpatient and outpatient treatment capacity, availability, and needs of the United States; with an amendment (Rept. 114–560). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4981. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to improve access to opioid use disorder treatment; with an amendment (Rept. 114–561, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4063 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4981 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5174. A bill to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to educational assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 5175. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disapprove, for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, programs of education determined to have utilized deceptive or misleading practices in violation of section 3696 of such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mrs. RADEWAGEN ): H.R. 5176. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a research program to evaluate the effectiveness of the Transition Assistance Program in addressing the needs of certain minority veterans; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Mr. SIRES): H.R. 5177. A bill to improve disaster mitigation programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. TAKANO , and Miss R ICEof New York): H.R. 5178. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide educational and vocational counseling for veterans on campuses of institutions of higher learning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. AMASH: H.R. 5179. A bill to limit the authority of personnel of the Department of Homeland Security to prohibit a citizen or permanent resident of the United States from boarding as a passenger on an aircraft or cruise ship based on inclusion of the individual in a watchlist, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. WELCH , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. WOMACK , and Mr. R ICHMOND ): H.R. 5180. A bill to alleviate the ethanol blend wall under the renewable fuel program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for himself, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5181. A bill to counter foreign disinformation and propaganda, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LONG (for himself and Mr. BEN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 5182. A bill to promote the development of safe drugs for neonates; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 5183. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS); to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5184. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand rules related to investment by nonresident aliens in domestic mutual funds and business development companies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5185. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for disclosure for charity employees and board members previously implicated in terror finance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 5186. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude employer contributions to 529 plans from gross income and employment taxes and to allow a deduction for individual contributions to such plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 5187. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the alternative simplified credit for research expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.J. Res. 92. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to give States the right to repeal Federal laws and regulations when ratified by the legislatures of twothirds of the several States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.J. Res. 93. A joint resolution proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. PETERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. PAYNE ): H. Res. 719. A resolution expressing support for designation of May 2016 as ‘‘Health and Fitness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, and Mr. COURTNEY ): H. Res. 721. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 8, 2016, through May 14, 2016, as Food Allergy Awareness Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. J ACKSON  LEE): 
H. Res. 722. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives supporting the Federal workforce; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
217. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 291, urging Congress to reform the federal requirements relative to high school graduation rates during the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 218. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Florida, relative to House Resolution 1001, condemning the international Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement against the State of Israel and calls upon its governmental institutions to denounce hatred and discrimination whenever they appear; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 219. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Florida, relative to House Resolution 1001, condemning the international Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement against the State of Israel and calls upon its governmental institutions to denounce hatred and discrimination whenever they appear; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submittal regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5174. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 5175. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 5176. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5177. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: The Commerce Clause By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 5178. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. AMASH: H.R. 5179. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Due Process Clause (‘‘[N]or shall any person . . . be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law . . .’’) Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution . . . all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’) By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 5180. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: H.R. 5181. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. LONG: H.R. 5182. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 5183. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5184. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5185. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 5186. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 gives Congress the ‘‘Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises.’’ By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 5187. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.J. Res. 92. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V By Mr. GOHMERT: H.J. Res. 93. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This resolution is enacted pursuant to the powers conferred by the United States Constitution upon Congress by Article V. which provides that ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution . . . which shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States . . .’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 194: Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 213: Mr. STEWART . H.R. 228: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 239: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 343: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 353: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 499: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 546: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 563: Mr. LEWIS and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 576: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 605: Mr. SALMON . H.R. 632: Mr. RANGEL , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 649: Mr. RUSHand Ms. M ENG. H.R. 711: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 729: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 748: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 756: Mr. TAKAI and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 799: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 842: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 863: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 864: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 865: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 921: Mr. ZINKE, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. HARRIS , and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 923: Mr. COOK, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn sylvania, and Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 973: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. R USH, Mr. D UNCANof Tennessee, and Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 980: Mr. CRAWFORD and Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 1062: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 1109: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 1111: Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 1112: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1117: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK . H.R. 1130: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan and Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 1171: Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 1197: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona and Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 1220: Mr. BYRNE , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. HILL, and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 1221: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 1233: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 1310: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1312: Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 1336: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 1397: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1398: Mr. RUSH, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 1421: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 1427: Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. POSEY . H.R. 1453: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1519: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 1594: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 1655: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 1667: Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.R. 1718: Mr. HILL, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 1779: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1818: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. N EAL, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P AULSEN, and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 1854: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 1887: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1911: Mr. SANFORD , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 1942: Mr. CROWLEY and Mr. G OWDY . H.R. 1943: Mr. SABLAN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 1961: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 1969: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2016: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2067: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 2090: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. HIMES. H.R. 2096: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 2121: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2123: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 2132: Mr. POCAN and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2142: Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 2189: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 2218: Mr. COOK, Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2221: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 2254: Mr. RUSH, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali fornia, and Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 2260: Mr. LYNCH and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 2290: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2293: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 2296: Mr. TAKAI and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2309: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 2315: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 2350: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 2450: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. CONYERS , and Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 2460: Mr. HARRIS and Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 2526: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 2654: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2658: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2669: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 2713: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2726: Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. COURTNEY , and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 2741: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2802: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 2811: Mr. AGUILAR and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2817: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi, and Mr. TEDLIEUof Cali fornia. H.R. 2847: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 2867: Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 2883: Mrs. LOVEand Ms. D UCKWORTH . H.R. 2903: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. BRAT, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. HULTGREN , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 2966: Mr. REED. H.R. 2976: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 2980: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. COSTA , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2992: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 3025: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3026: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 3054: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 3099: Mr. MESSER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan sas, and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3110: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 3119: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 3177: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3178: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3179: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3180: Mr. BOST, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3209: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3222: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. WALKER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mrs. B LACK BURN . H.R. 3226: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 3229: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3235: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 3286: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 3308: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 3309: Mr. JONES . H.R. 3380: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 3381: Mr. RICHMOND , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. NEAL, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 3514: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. H ECKof Wash ington, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. HIMES, and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 3632: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 3666: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 3680: Mr. SHUSTER and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 3687: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3691: Mrs. NOEM, Mr. B RADY of Penn sylvania, Mr. KILMER , and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 3713: Mr. LEVIN, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. FOSTER , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 3720: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 3722: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3765: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 3779: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3793: Ms. DUCKWORTH and Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 3799: Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 3834: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3861: Mr. KATKO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 3870: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 3913: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 3957: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3989: Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 4006: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 4013: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4016: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri and Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 4062: Mr. RUSH, Mr. R EED, and Mr. JONES . H.R. 4073: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 4160: Mr. TAKAI. H.R. 4165: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 4167: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 4172: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4223: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 4230: Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4236: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 4247: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 4262: Mr. FLORES and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 4321: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 4352: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 4383: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4422: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 4435: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 4447: Mr. DEFAZIO and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4448: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 4450: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4479: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. H IMES, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Ms. L ORET TASANCHEZ of California, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. CLAY, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 4488: Mr. SHERMAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. R ANGEL, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 4491: Mr. BERA, Ms. T ITUS, and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 4554: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 4559: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 4586: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. TURNER , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 4599: Mr. TURNER and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 4602: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. M EEHAN. H.R. 4606: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4611: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4613: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 4615: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 4623: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4625: Mr. NORCROSS and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4640: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. J OYCE , and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 4653: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4656: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 4662: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska. H.R. 4665: Mr. COSTA , Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. WALORSKI , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4681: Mr. FOSTER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 4701: Mr. PETERSON and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4715: Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. COOPER , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 4717: Mr. PITTS. H.R. 4718: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4730: Mr. COFFMAN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 4732: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4740: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 4764: Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 4766: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. BRIDENSTINE . H.R. 4768: Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. POSEY . H.R. 4773: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. CHAFFETZ , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. SHUSTER , and Mrs. L UMMIS . H.R. 4774: Mr. POCAN and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4792: Mr. TONKO and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4797: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 4806: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 4833: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 4843: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. GUTHRIE , and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 4856: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 4880: Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 4893: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 4904: Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 4924: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4928: Mr. COOK, Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 4932: Ms. HAHNand Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 4942: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4956: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota and Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 4958: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4969: Mr. PAULSEN and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 4978: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. TURNER . H.R. 4980: Mr. STEWART , Mr. B RAT, and Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 4982: Mr. KILMER and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 4985: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 4991: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 4994: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 4999: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 5001: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 5015: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 5028: Mr. MOOLENAAR and Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan. H.R. 5031: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 5047: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 5063: Mr. HURTof Virginia, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. GOWDY , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. D ESANTIS  and Mr. FORBES . H.R. 5073: Ms. BROWN of Florida and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 5082: Mr. DELANEY , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. STIVERS , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 5113: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 5130: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 5135: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5142: Mr. BENISHEK . H.R. 5148: Ms. NORTON and Ms. L EE. H.R. 5165: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5166: Mr. RUSH, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. R OYCE , and Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 5170: Mr. DOLD, Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, Mr. REED, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mrs. B LACK . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. K ING of Iowa. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. CALVERT , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. KILMER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. H ECKof Washington, and Mr. LEVIN. H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. GUTHRIE . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. LUCAS . H. Con. Res. 100: Mrs. HARTZLER . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. FLEMING , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. R OUZER . H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. ZELDIN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. W ILSON of Flor ida, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. JEFFRIES , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. SIRES, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. CONYERS . H. Res. 28: Mr. REED. H. Res. 54: Mr. REED. H. Res. 207: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. R ENACCI . H. Res. 263: Mr. VARGAS . H. Res. 318: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 551: Mr. VEASEY and Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California. H. Res. 569: Mr. CAPUANO . H. Res. 591: Mr. YODER , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. LATTA , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. ADERHOLT . H. Res. 605: Ms. ESTY. H. Res. 647: Mr. HONDA . H. Res. 650: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. CLAY, Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H. Res. 660: Mr. MOULTON , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 681: Mrs. DINGELL . H. Res. 686: Ms. BASS, Mr. C APUANO , and Ms. MOORE . H. Res. 690: Mr. KEATING and Mr. CA´RDENAS . H. Res. 691: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 693: Mr. FLEMING and Mr. P OSEY . H. Res. 707: Mr. WALKER and Mr. R ENACCI . H. Res. 712: Mr. PETERS , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. DINGELL , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H. Res. 716: Mr. KEATING , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C ARNEY, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M URPHY of Penn sylvania, Mr. KILDEE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. f 
60. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to enact legislation clarifying that, in the future, no change may be made in the design and appearance of U.S. coinage or paper currency without first being approved by both houses of Congress via the standard legislative process; which was referred to the Committee on Financial Services. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2653 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 2016 No. 73 
The Senate met at 2:15 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable ROB PORTMAN , a Senator from the State of Ohio. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, help us to so live that the generations to come will know of Your mighty acts. Today, guide our Senators in the path You have created, inspiring them with the potency of Your powerful presence. May they trust You in times of adversity and prosperity, knowing that they will reap a productive harvest if they persevere. Lord, keep them from underestimating the power of Your great Name, inspiring them never to forget that nothing is impossible with You. Give them the wisdom to solve the hard problems of our times and grace to live in harmony with one another. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 