Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about my friend and colleague, STEVE ISRAEL , who is retiring from Congress after 16 years. We came into Congress together and have been the best of friends and brothers ever since. Now, the last time I mentioned STEVE ISRAEL on the House floor was after making a bet with STEVE over the DodgersMets series, a bet that I lost, and I had to sing the ‘‘Meet the Mets’’ song on the House floor. I want to assure all my colleagues that is never going to happen again either on the playing field or on the House floor. When we came to Congress together, we were given a book, like all incoming freshmen, called ‘‘Charting the Course.’’ This is a book that basically says that there are three different models of being a Congressman. You can be the policy expert or you can be the political animal or you can be the pothole Congressman who is focused on district needs and excellent at meeting the needs of constituents, but the gist of the book is you can’t be all three. You have to pick where you are going to make your specialization, and if you 
try to do all three, you will end up not doing any one of them very well. STEVE  ISRAEL proved the premise of that book wrong because he proved to be superlative at each and every aspect of being a Member of Congress. On policy, STEVE developed an expertise in energy policy and became a leading champion of the development of renewable sources of energy. He became an expert on defense issues; and as one of the members of the Appropriations Committee, he helped eliminate wasteful expenditures on systems we didn’t need and investment in defenses that would really protect the country. He became an expert on Middle East policy and sorting out the difficulties of all the complicated relationships between the nations in the Middle East. He became an expert on the Syrian conflict. He also became an expert on issues affecting the middle class and has always been a champion for what needs to be done to make sure that people in this country can enjoy a secure retirement, can get a good job, can raise their family, and that their kids will enjoy a quality of life at least as great as that of their parents, and hopefully even better. He also founded and cochairs the Center Aisle Caucus, doing something very difficult in this institution, and that is bringing people together of both parties—something we need to see a lot more of. In addition to those policy strengths, he was also and has been one of our greatest political leaders. He served for many years as the DCCC chair and had an encyclopedic knowledge of each and every district in the country belonging to friend or foe alike. He was an extraordinary chair, not only in terms of raising resources, but recruiting some of the finest candidates, and a great many Members of this institution owe their very presence here to his incredible work. He then became the chair of the House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee and was a very effective Member at shaping our message and at helping us articulate what the Democratic Party was about and has been among the most effective surrogates the Democrats have. In addition to his political expertise and policy expertise, having visited his district and having met his constituents, I know he was also so attuned to the needs of his constituents, particularly the veterans and the homeless, but also in championing the economy and bringing improvements to Long Island Sound. His casework was renowned within New York, and his staff was among the most superb anywhere on the Hill or in any district office. In addition to all that—and that would be enough for any of us—he also wrote a fabulous novel on his iPhone, ‘‘The Global War on Morris.’’ Who can do that? Who can write a book at all, let alone one on his iPhone, let alone it gets published by a major publisher and does phenomenally well? When STEVE retires, this Congress is going to lose another of its great Members, someone of genuine talent, intellect, and integrity, someone who has come to be relied upon by Presidents. We are also going to lose someone with a great sense of humor, who is a wonderful friend and a bit of a practical joker—like the time he convinced his chief of staff that one of his district staff had run over his dog. Yes, STEVE  is a cruel man, but funny. We are going to miss him tremendously. I want to wish him all the luck in the world in the exciting career that awaits him when he retires, and all his new endeavors. I look forward to finding him not in the center aisle necessarily, but in a different aisle in the bookstore near me with his latest work. I want to join my colleagues in thanking STEVE ISRAEL for his tremendous years of service and for his wonderful friendship. We will all miss him as, indeed, will this entire institution. 
TRAGIC LOSS OF AMERICAN LIFE IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I am back on the floor again today to discuss the tragic loss of American life in Afghanistan. This past week, I was touched by George Stephanopoulos and ABC as they publicly listed the nine servicemembers that died in Iraq and Afghanistan during the month of November. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the names of the nine American heroes. 
Sergeant John W. Perry of Stockton, California; Private 1st Class Tyler R. Lubelt of Tamaroa, Illinois; Sergeant 1st Class Ryan A. Gloyer of Greenville, Pennsylvania; Captain Andrew D. Byers of Rolesville, North Carolina; Senior Chief Petty Officer Scott C. Dayton of Woodbridge, Virginia; Specialist Ronald L. Murray, Jr., of Bowie, Maryland; Staff Sergeant James F. Moriarty of Kerrville, Texas; Staff Sergeant Kevin J. McEnroe of Tucson, Arizona; Staff Sergeant Matthew C. Lewellen of Lawrence, Kansas. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I find it quite ironic that the last moment of silence for our men and women in uniform who have died serving this Nation during wartime by the House Chair took place on March 23, 2015, almost 2 years ago. I, frankly, do not understand how House leadership is not more concerned about those who have given their life serving this Nation. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, I wrote to Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter several weeks ago regarding an article that said that there are 200,000 Afghan soldiers who do not exist—they call them ghosts—who are on the payroll of the Department of Defense. I asked him in the letter: Why are we wasting this money, and can you identify where the money is going? Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  my letter to Secretary Ashton Carter. CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 14, 2016. Hon. ASHTON B. C ARTER , Secretary of Defense, Washington, DC. DEARSECRETARY CARTER : I am responding to Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense (Acting) Jedidiah Royal’s October 3, 2016, response to the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR)’s letter to you (dated August 5, 2016) regarding ‘‘ghost soldiers’’ in Afghanistan. I am appalled that the U.S. taxpayer has, and continues to pay, for ‘‘ghost soldiers’’ in Afghanistan. Moreover, I am also concerned about the risks that inadequacy of data concerning personnel levels of the Afghan National Security and Defense Forces (ANDSF) may pose to American forces in Afghanistan. In Deputy Assistant Secretary Royal’s response to SIGAR, he indicates the systems that U.S. ForcesAfghanistan are putting in place to try to verify Afghan personnel data will not be ready until at least July 2017. Given the estimate that there may be up to 200,000 ‘‘ghost soldiers,’’ I would respectfully request an estimate of how much funding provided to the ANDSF for salaries in fiscal years 2016 and 2017 is expected to be wasted on ‘‘ghost soldiers.’’ Additionally, Deputy Assistant Secretary Royal indicates that a limited amount of funds has been withheld from the ANDSF for not adhering to the agreedupon timeline for implementation of personnel verification systems. How much money was withheld, and what percentage does that number represent of the amount originally designated to be allocated? Given that many Afghan military and police outposts have limited, if any, access to electricity and telecommunications systems, I would also ask whether there is a contingency plan to backup the biometric database and personnel system given that units may not always have regular access to the technology needed to operate them? Further, under the current deployment arrangement ordered by President Obama, U.S. forces do not have the capability to witness firsthand, at the lowest levels of the ANDSF, whether there is fraudulent use of the biometric cards. With that in mind, does DOD expect there will be salary overpayments even after July 2017? I am also concerned about the effect the ‘‘ghost soldier’’ problem is having on U.S. forces in Afghanistan. While the Afghan Minister of Defense was recently quoted as saying there is not a single ‘‘ghost soldier’’ in Afghanistan, the Deputy Assistant Secretary’s letter makes clear that is not the case. We know the collapse of the 215th Corps in Helmand in 2015 was at least in part due to an overestimation of ANDSF personnel in Helmand based on inflated numbers reported to the Ministry of Defense. USFOR–A subsequently deployed additional personnel closer to the front lines in Helmand to assist with improving that corps. The ‘‘ghost soldier’’ issue clearly is affecting decisionmaking within the Defense Department that affects U.S. personnel. I would like to know how DOD plans to mitigate any further risk to U.S. military and civilian personnel that may result from the ongoing ‘‘ghost solider’’ problem. Finally, how confident is the Defense Department that the ANDSF and the Afghan government have the capability and the will to effectively implement the new systems, and when will that implementation be fully achieved? When implemented, does the Defense Department expect the ‘‘ghost soldier’’ problem to be eliminated, or merely reduced? Mr. Secretary, the ‘‘ghost soldier’’ problem has clearly existed in Afghanistan since the 
beginning of U.S. operations there. The Defense Department should have known that ‘‘ghost soldiers’’ represented a major risk to American personnel and American taxpayers no later than 2008, when a Government Accountability Office report raised the issue. But year after year, the administration— with far too little oversight from Congress— continues sending tens of millions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to pay the salaries of Afghan military and police, thousands of whom never show up for duty or may not even exist. And now, we are almost $20 trillion in debt. After 15 years of wounded and murdered Americans, it is time to bring this waste, fraud and abuse to an end. It is sickening, unaffordable, and it must stop. Many scholars have said that Afghanistan is a graveyard of empires—when this financial disaster finally brings us to our knees, maybe the ghost soldiers can visit the headstone that says United States of America. Sincerely, WALTER B. J ONES , Member of Congress. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, the reason I mentioned these ghost soldiers is because Americans are still dying in this godforsaken country known as Afghanistan, all while our Nation is headed for an economic collapse as we soon will see the $20 trillion debt number come forward. For the sake of our military, we need to end this madness in Afghanistan. I have beside me a photograph of a flagdraped coffin being taken off of an airplane. This is a humble way that I can say to the nine Americans who also came home in a flagdraped coffin in the back of a plane thank you for your service. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to have a debate on the floor of the House as to whether we need to stay in Afghanistan for another 16 years. We have been there for 16 years now. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  an article that tells the story of Afghanistan better than I can today on the floor. The title of that article is ‘‘It’s Time for America to Get Out of Afghanistan.’’ 
[Dec. 2, 2016] IT’STIME FOR AMERICA TOGETOUT OF  AFGHANISTAN  (By Mark Kryzer) ‘‘Nationbuilding’’ hasn’t achieved lasting goals, Afghanis continue to suffer casualties and be displaced, and the costs to the U.S. keep mounting. After 15 years and $115 billion of taxpayer dollars spent on failed ‘‘nationbuilding,’’ it’s time for the U.S. to let go of Afghanistan. (The actual ‘‘total cost of war and reconstruction’’ which includes all U.S. military spending, has been estimated at $783 billion by the Cost of War project at Brown University.) The situation in 2016 has been described by one senior U.S. government official as an ‘‘eroding stalemate.’’ That’s optimistic. We are losing whatever has been achieved there and the Afghan government is slowly collapsing under the Taliban onslaught and its own ineptitude driven by corruption. The Taliban control more territory now than at any time since their overthrow by the U.S. in 2001 with the Afghan government controlling only twothirds of the country— during daylight hours. Since January 2016, the Taliban have contested five provincial capitals, carried out some of the largest terrorist attacks in the capital city of Kabul, and have pressed attacks in all 34 provinces of the country, with an average of 68 attacks a day. As a result, the Afghan army and police forces have incurred about 15,000 casualties so far this year, with civilians suffering more than 5,000 casualties, the highest levels ever recorded. An estimated 1.2 million Afghans have been displaced because of the fighting and are living as refugees in their own country, with another 85,000 opting to leave the country in the first six months of 2016 alone for the migrant trail to Europe. Adding to the Taliban threat, ISIS has now established itself in two eastern Afghan provinces and Al Qaida operatives are active in seven provinces, according to a recent report in ‘‘The Guardian.’’ With opium production also up by 43 percent in the country, there is no shortage of funds to fuel the insurgency and corruption. According to a 2016 World Bank report, the social and economic gains achieved with international assistance over the last 15 years are also quickly eroding due to war and corruption. The Obama administration has opted to leave 8,400 troops in Afghanistan in 2016 in a support role to the Afghan army, down from a high of 100,000 in 2010. And the U.S. completely pays for the Afghan army and police forces. On the civilian side of reconstruction, the U.S. continues to pour money into the country for ‘‘nationbuilding.’’ At the Brussels Afghanistan ‘‘Donors Conference’’ in early October, the international community pledged another $15 billion in support; the U.S. is the largest contributor. Given the abysmal results achieved so far, isn’t it time to reevaluate U.S. foreign policy goals in Afghanistan? Recently, a group of U.S. generals and former U.S. ambassadors to Afghanistan announced that a ‘‘generational commitment’’ of assistance was still required of the American people toward Afghanistan to see it securely to the end goal of . . . what? Nobody can give a coherent answer to that question, indicating that we have seriously lost our way. Most Americans have forgotten about Afghanistan (or no longer want to hear about it) and are not aware of the ongoing costs in American lives and resources. It’s time for the next American president to drastically change direction and explain it to the American people. That direction should be to start the pullout of Afghanistan after 15 years of failure to achieve any lasting policy objectives there. The U.S. should immediately stop the multitude of civilian ‘‘nationbuilding’’ programs that have been so costly and failed to achieve their unrealistic goals. U.S. funding for the Afghan army and police forces should be put on a diminishing schedule that would stop entirely after two years, forcing Afghanistan to finally stand or fall on its own. It’s time to let go of Afghanistan and end the 15year drain on American lives and resources. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I ask God to bless our men and women in uniform, and I ask God to continue to bless America. 
PUTTING FLORIDA FIRST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am so very fortunate to have grown up in a family dedicated to public service. I watched and learned from my father as he served as a State legislator, Florida’s Governor, and as a United States Senator, and from my mother who worked tirelessly as an advocate for students and seniors. Together, they were a team that always put Florida first. Following in their footsteps, I served my community as a PTA volunteer, and I worked for my local school district. While I was happy to serve, I never planned to follow in my father’s footsteps into politics. But as our country became more divided, my thoughts began to change. Like so many Americans, I was disappointed to see our Nation’s civil discourse deteriorate to shouting matches on cable news and gridlock in government. In 2013, I decided to run for office with my own message and my own mission: to bring back civility, to work with both parties to actually get things done, and to always put the people of Florida first. b1015 I ran for office to bring the north Florida way to Washington. Almost 4 years after making that decision, I am proud to say we have had many successes in our own mission. After winning my election, I immediately began reaching out to my Florida colleagues, Republicans and Democrats. I am proud to say that those friendships have paid off to the benefit of Florida. We were able to recruit almost the entire State delegation to support our Apalachicola Bay Restoration Act. I cosponsored legislation with Congressman PATRICK MURPHY to protect the Everglades and with Congressman DAVID JOLLY to ban oil drilling off the coast of Florida. I asked to serve on the committees that were most important to my district—the Armed Services Committee and the Agriculture Committee. On the Armed Services Committee we were able to make substantial legislative gains. We were able to amend the National Defense Authorization Act with initiatives to protect programs that helped Florida’s economy, create jobs, and strengthen our national security, as well as the work we have done to improve our relationship with Israel, including authorizing a joint antitunneling program to fight terrorism and to protect both of our countries’ borders. On the House Agriculture Committee, I work closely with farmers across the State. I will never forget our 14county north Florida farm tour, where I tried my own hand at planting peanuts and even pregnancy checked a cow. I am so proud of the work we did to bring the U.S. Department of Agriculture Strike Force program to Florida, which will help rural counties to protect their communities, to grow their economies, and to create jobs. While we have had many successes in Washington, I am even more proud of the work we have accomplished in 
Florida. Our focus on constituent services and cutting through bureaucratic redtape has paid off. We have helped return almost $2 million in benefits owed to Florida seniors and families, including more than halfamillion dollars to veterans. While the numbers are impressive, the stories behind them are what really count. Stories like Kenneth McCray, a Vietnam veteran who was denied benefits by the VA until our office stepped in to help. In every vote and in every way, we always put the people of Florida first. While working in Congress, the people of north Florida have never let me down. I have felt their love and support in each hug, whether at a press conference or along a parade route. I have witnessed their compassion after Hurricane Hermine, when neighbors helped neighbors clear debris and sheltered those in need. I have seen local leaders put partisanship aside to fight for our communities. We call this the north Florida way, but we don’t have a monopoly on that spirit. It is the essence of the American spirit. I have witnessed a bit of it here in Washington. Between campaigns and commercial breaks, I have seen that Republicans and Democrats can actually like one another. If we can begin talking to each other again instead of shouting at each other, we can move our country forward in a way that helps every American. So, as I prepare to leave Congress, I offer up this parting advice to new and veteran Members. Take the time to form friendships, put partisanship aside, and always put the people you represent first. Now that I have shared this advice, I would like to end my speech by saying thank you. Thank you to my committed staff, my family, and, most importantly, I want to thank the people of north Florida’s Second Congressional District. I am so thankful to them for giving me the opportunity to serve. Running for Congress and serving in the House has been an enriching experience with many workdays, possum festivals, and parades along the way. I am sad it is coming to an end, but this moment is bittersweet. I will always treasure the friendships and experience I have gained in Congress. I know that as this chapter closes, another opens, and I will continue to serve my community and the people of Florida for as long as I am able. 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ) for 5 minutes. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, as I think all of us know, today marks the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor; a devastating event that took the lives of more than 2,300 Americans and ultimately led, of course, to the United States’ entrance into World War II. Though it is painful to think of all the brave men and women we lost that day, I am grateful for this heroic generation of soldiers, including my own father, who served in defense of the freedoms of our country during World War II. I wear my father’s wings. I have them on today. I wear them every day. My mom and dad love their country and they, like so many others, sacrificed so much. It was examples of heroes such as these that led me to make the decision when I was a young man to become a pilot in the Air Force. I would like to take a moment and share the story of one brave Utahn, Mervyn Bennion, who was stationed at Pearl Harbor on the day of the attack. After graduating from high school in Salt Lake City, Bennion accepted his appointment to the United States Naval Academy, where he graduated near the top of his class. He later assumed command of the USS West Virginia in July of 1941. The ship was moored with other vessels on Battleship Row on that Sunday morning. Just shy of 8 a.m., Japanese forces struck the USS West Virginia with at least six torpedoes and two bombs. Under attack and struggling to organize a defense from the bridge, Captain Bennion was struck with shrapnel from one of these bombs; but, still, he continued to direct the ship’s battle while using one of his hands to hold his own wounds closed. Several sailors attempted to convince him to go to the firstaid station and seek medical attention, but he refused to leave his post. Sadly, he later died from a loss of blood. Captain Bennion was recognized with the Medal of Honor—our Nation’s highest military honor—for his ‘‘conspicuous devotion to duty, extraordinary courage, and complete disregard for his own life.’’ Today, on the anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, let us remember not only the brave men and women who lost their lives in that attack, but also those who have continued to fight for our freedoms for the last 75 years. In dark and dangerous places all around the globe, American soldiers, sailors, and airmen are doing what they can to bring stability and safety to many parts of the world. We should remember them. We should thank them. We should keep them and their families in our prayers. What we have asked them to do is not easy. They deserve our gratitude and our respect. CONGRATULATING COMPLETION OF THE  
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a few minutes to congratulate the completion of the Freedmen’s Bureau Records Project. The Freedmen’s Bureau was organized by Congress in 1865 at the conclusion of the Civil War. It offered assistance to freed slaves in a variety of ways. The Bureau opened schools to educate the illiterate. It managed hospitals, it rationed food and clothing for the destitute, and it even solemnized marriages. In the process, it gathered priceless handwritten personal information on potentially 4 million African Americans. Due to the work and commitment of over 25,000 volunteers, with the help of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints and FamilySearch International, they have been able to uncover the names and stories of over 1.9 million freed slaves. In some cases, for the very first time, African Americans are able to discover their Civil Warera families through an online and searchable database. I was especially pleased to attend an event yesterday where the newly indexed database of the Freedmen’s Bureau Records was delivered to the Smithsonian’s new National Museum of African American History and Culture. If I could just divert for a moment, I would like to share a story from this experience from one of the leaders of the museum, and I hope he will forgive me for stealing his story and repeating it to you. This gentleman told of how his grandparents passed away when he was very young. He had no memory of his grandparents, except for going to his grandmother’s house and watching her cook on some old tin cookie sheets. But as he was able to, for the first time, research his own family records, he found the records of one of his ancestors who was a slave; and part of those records was an accounting of money that was paid to her and some of the things that she was able to purchase. One of them was a line which recorded that she paid 22 cents for a set of tin cookie sheets. What an emotional moment it was for him to have that connection now with his ancestors that he would not have been able to otherwise. The Freedmen’s Bureau Records Project allows families to discover their ancestors. It allows them to connect with them. It allows them to see the heroes among their ancestors that so many of them have. I would like to congratulate and thank the thousands of volunteers who sacrificed their time in this wonderful project. f 
HONORING REID RIBBLE AND RICHARD HANNA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I have been privileged to serve with many exceptional people during my tenure in Congress. This year, there are a number of my Democratic colleagues who are leaving who will be sorely missed. We just heard from one—GWEN GRAHAM . And L OISCAPPS is in a chair in front of me and will be speaking soon. 
Today I would like to take a moment to recognize two exceptional friends of mine on the other side of the aisle, Republicans who enriched my time in Congress and brought honor to this body. I rise today to speak of the service of RICHARD HANNA and R EIDRIBBLE . These two gentlemen represent small town America—rural Upstate New York, in the case of RICHARD ; and Green Bay, Wisconsin, and surrounding environments in the case of REID. They have a number of similarities. They are both hardworking, dedicated Members of this Chamber, who leave after only three terms. They are fiercely dedicated to their family, and family concerns figured heavily into their decision not to seek reelection. They have both been very successful businesspeople, building their own enterprises; taking pride, in the case of REID, in the employment and terrific service from a roofing company; and RICHARD , founding and growing a construction enterprise. Both are accomplished in a broad range of other areas. RICHARD is a pilot who travels across the country piloting his own plane. REIDrecently completed a motorcycle trip from Alaska, all the way across North America to the Florida Keys; most of it with his wife riding along with him. They are both what normally would have been regarded as conservative Republicans. That description really belies their approach and their value to the institution. In some respects, they may actually entertain some libertarian leanings. But they believe in less interference, whether it is liberal overreach or zealotry of the other extreme. RICHARD is equally disdainful of government telling women what they and their doctors should do with women’s bodies. They are both deeply concerned about budgets and the economy—core Republican values in the past—with REIDfamously, in an exchange with some of his Tea Party constituents, indicating that they weren’t fair to their grandchildren by refusing to even consider raising the gas tax to meet our transportation needs, and he made an eloquent case. RICHARD has been a partner with me for the last two Congresses as we work with transportation stakeholders to try to inform one another and find common ground, working forward on solutions to common problems of rebuilding and renewing America. I fully respect the decision of both gentlemen to follow their instincts and their families to the next phase of their careers, but their decision to end congressional service weakens this institution. The fact that we could not find enough incentive to keep them here, being productive and adding their wisdom and energy, says something about the challenges that this Congress faces in the years ahead. Serving with them has been a remarkable pleasure. They have helped both Republicans and Democrats function a little better in a largely dysfunctional climate. They have both given good advice to their Republican colleagues, which I hope, as they leave, will find greater resonance with those who are left. We are going through a great period of a national civics lesson, where Americans discover that elections have consequences, that facts really should matter, and voters need to be very discerning about the decisions they make. RICHARD HANNA and R EID RIBBLE  have helped, through their service, to advance that civics lesson. I will be grateful to them for as long as I am a citizen, and I look forward to years of friendship in the future and maybe ways to advance that national civics lesson that they speak to so eloquently by their service. 
b1030 WRDA CONFERENCE REPORT: WATER FOR CALIFORNIA; FIRE PROTECTION FOR TAHOE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the conference report on the Water Resources Development Act is the product of many hours of good faith negotiations between the House and the Senate and between Republicans and Democrats. Like any compromise, I don’t like everything that is in it, but the net effect is an important step forward in protecting against the devastation of future droughts in California and catastrophic wildfire that threatens Lake Tahoe. It provides $335 million for desperately needed surface water storage. It opens a new era of hatcheries to provide for burgeoning populations of endangered fish species. It adds flexibility to the management of New Melones Reservoir and enables water transfers to assure that water can be more efficiently moved to where it is the most needed. It adds strong protection to northern California area of origin water rights. It expedites the review and approval of new projects. It updates flood control management criteria to make better use of our existing reservoirs. I particularly want to highlight the provisions related to Lake Tahoe. For many years, we have spent enormous resources to adjust drainage in the basin to improve water clarity at the lake. The Senate version of the measure, which was introduced this session by Senators HELLER and F EINSTEIN , continued this effort; but the Heller Feinstein bill neglected the most immediate environmental threat to Lake Tahoe, and that is catastrophic wildfire. The Senate bill had no provision for forest management, specifically for fire prevention. The number of acres burned by wildfire in the Lake Tahoe Basin has increased each decade since 1973, including a tenfold increase over the past decade. Eighty percent of the Tahoe Basin forests are now densely and dangerously overgrown. They are dying. At lower elevations, there are now four times as many trees as the land can support. Modeling by the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit warns that, in twothirds of the forest, conditions now exist for flame size and intensity that are literally explosive. If a super fire of the size we have seen in other parts of the Sierra were to strike the Tahoe Basin, it could decimate this lake and its surroundings for a generation to come. For this reason, Congressman AMODEI  and I introduced a bill focused on fire prevention. This measure was specifically designed, after extensive input from fire districts throughout the Tahoe region, to reduce excess fuel before it burns. It provides for expediting collaborative fuel reduction projects consistent with the Lake Tahoe Land and Resource Management Plan, and it calls for funds generated by timber sales and other feebased revenues to stay in the Tahoe Basin to provide for further fuels management and other improvements. This was falsely portrayed by leftwing activists in the region as a substitute for the Senate bill. As Congressman AMODEI and I made clear repeatedly, it was designed to supplement that bill and fill a glaring deficiency that ignored the single greatest environmental hazard to the lake. I am very pleased to note that the critical provisions of both bills—for lake clarity and fire prevention—are now in the conference report, thanks to bipartisan negotiations between House and Senate negotiators, most notably by Senator FEINSTEIN and House Majority Leader MCCARTHY . Unfortunately, in the last 48 hours, Senator BOXER has threatened to blindside this effort and destroy the fruit of these years of labor and endless hours of negotiation. She has threatened to assemble enough votes, not to put forward a positive and credible plan of her own to address these critical needs but, rather, to ruin the painstaking negotiations of many others just as they are coming to fruition. In the last 4 years, the King Fire, the Butte Fire, the Rough Fire, and the Rim Fire have destroyed more than 1,000 square miles of forest in the Sierra Nevada. If we don’t restore sound forest management for fire prevention in the Tahoe Basin now, the next fire could reduce its magnificent forests to cinders and clog the lake with ash and debris for decades to come. We can only pray that wiser heads prevail in the Senate and that this conference report is speedily adopted by both Houses and signed into law by the President. 
MY TENURE AS RESIDENT COMMISSIONER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Puerto Rico (Mr. P IERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, after 8 years, this will be my last floor speech as the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico in Congress. I want to thank my constituents for giving me the opportunity to serve as their voice in Washington. They are enduring difficult times, but they never lose their hope, dignity, or appreciation for life’s blessings. I also want to thank my colleagues in the House and the Senate. I respect your dedication to public service, energy, and commitment to the causes you champion. In addition, I want to thank my staff, which has served me and the people of Puerto Rico with skill, passion, and loyalty. Most importantly, I want to thank my wife, MariaElena; my four children; and the rest of my family. They have walked alongside me on this journey through the peaks and valleys, and my love for them cannot be captured with words. It is impossible to condense 8 action packed years into 5 minutes. However, if there is a central theme to my tenure as Resident Commissioner, it has been ‘‘fighting the good fight’’ on behalf of the 3.4 million American citizens in Puerto Rico, who have been treated unfairly for too long. In an example of baptism by fire, the battle began almost as soon as I assumed office in 2009, when Congress was debating the stimulus bill known as ARRA. Even as I was still learning to navigate my way through the Capitol, we managed to secure virtually Statelike treatment for Puerto Rico, injecting almost $7 billion into the island’s economy when we needed it most. The fight continued the following year with the Affordable Care Act, which resulted in the largest funding increase in history for Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program. Separately, we secured legislative and administrative action that eliminated many of the disparities that Puerto Rico faced under the Medicare program. I am also proud of our work to combat drugrelated violence in Puerto Rico, requiring the Federal Government to prepare the Caribbean Border Counternarcotics Strategy and persuading Federal lawsuit agencies to increase their resources in Puerto Rico. The number of homicides on the island was cut in half between 2011 and 2015. But this is not about statistics. It is about preserving human life. Moreover, I have tried my best to serve those who have served us. Residents of Puerto Rico have a rich military tradition, and no unit exemplifies their courage and character better than the 65th Infantry Regiment, which fought the enemy on the battlefield and discrimination in the barracks. After we enacted legislation to award them the Congressional Gold Medal, these warriors—now in the twilight of their lives—stood beside President Obama as he signed the bill into law and were honored at a ceremony in the Capitol, one that I will never forget. The toughest fight of my tenure came earlier this year when Congress and the White House worked together to enact legislation, called PROMESA, to prevent the Government of Puerto Rico from collapsing. Nobody was pleased that such legislation was necessary, and nobody liked every provision in the bill, but I firmly believe that PROMESA, if properly implemented, provides a path to a better future for Puerto Rico. I close with this thought: Puerto Rico’s current territory status, which gives Congress license to treat my constituents like second class citizens, is undignified and unsustainable. Following a 2012 local referendum in which island residents expressed their opposition to the current status and their support for statehood, Congress enacted legislation that provided funding for the first federally sponsored referendum in Puerto Rico’s history. The significance of this achievement has yet to be sufficiently appreciated. Puerto Rico should use this authority to conduct a vote on whether the territories should become a State. If the people of Puerto Rico ratify their support for statehood, as I expect they will, it will be incumbent upon Congress to implement that result. This country, which was founded on the principles of equality and justice, must live up to its creed. May God bless Puerto Rico and the United States of America. 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO JOSE ABEYTA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mr. Jose Abeyta of Montrose, Colorado, who passed away on November 14, 2016. Jose is survived by his wife, Loretta, whom he married 40 years ago, and they have two sons, Lenny and Juan. Jose was a personal friend of mine and was a beloved member of his community. He served our country proudly during the Vietnam war from 1969 to 1971, as a fixed wing mechanic for the Army’s 358th Aviation Detachment. He received an honorable discharge after serving for 2 years. Mr. Abeyta was a hero for the time he spent in the Army, but the life he lived after his service showed us what an honorable man and model citizen he truly was. Jose married Loretta 1 month after returning home from Vietnam, and they moved to Colorado Springs, where he went to school and earned a degree in sociology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs. Mr. Abeyta paid his own way through school. He and Loretta then moved back to Montrose, where he began his career as a probation officer. He later ran successfully for the city council in 2006 and served as the mayor of Montrose in 2009. Mr. Speaker, it was not just his work that defined who Mr. Abeyta was. It was the devotion to serving others. As a husband, a father, a war veteran, a little league coach, and a public servant, he lived a life full of selfless service and stood as an example for all Americans to live by. He started out as the new guy in Montrose, and he ended up serving as the mayor, which speaks volumes about the impact he had on his community. Mr. Speaker, I am saddened by Jose’s passing because he was an irreplaceable figure in Montrose, but I am grateful that I had the opportunity to know him. His family is in my thoughts and prayers, and I hope that the community of Montrose will continue to celebrate his tremendous accomplishments in the weeks and months to come. Jose Abeyta will be missed. f 
END HUNGER NOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on the Monday and Tuesday before Thanksgiving, back in Massachusetts, I participated in the seventh annual Monte’s March, which is a 43mile walk to raise awareness about hunger in our community and to raise money for The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts. The leader of this remarkable event is Monte Belmonte, a wellknown local radio personality with WRSI, the River, and a committed activist on behalf of those who are most vulnerable. This year, the march raised a record $211,213. This translates into over a half a million meals for individuals and families who struggle with food insecurity. I was impressed by the stamina of all of those who walked and by the incredible generosity of the community. The sad reality is that there is no congressional district in the United States that is hunger free, and those who battle hunger defy stereotypes. Some are homeless; some are jobless; but there are many who work but who earn so little that they can’t afford to put food on the table on a regular basis for their families. While food banks and food pantries and charitable organizations are vital in our efforts to combat hunger, they cannot do it alone. We need a strong commitment by our government to do its part. Indeed, I would argue that we have fallen way short of doing what is needed to ensure that no one goes hungry. Those whom I marched alongside during Monte’s March are good people who understand what it means to truly be part of a community. I want to thank, first and foremost, the incredible Monte Belmonte and all of the people at the River, including Mark Lattanzi, Joan Holliday, Michael Sokol, Kaliis Smith, Dave Musante, 
and Matt Peterson. They are amazing people who worked overtime to make this march a success. I am grateful to Andrew Morehouse, the executive director of The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, and to everyone at the food bank. They do incredible work. Thanks to all of the elected officials who joined part of the march, including my colleagues, Congressmen RICHIE  NEALand J OEKENNEDY . We were also joined by State Representatives Steve Kulik and Aaron Vega, State Representativeelect Solomon Goldstein Rose, as well as by Northampton Mayor David Narkewicz and District Attorney Dave Sullivan. We kicked off the march at Friends of the Homeless in Springfield, and I am grateful for all that they do. The Sheriff’s Departments in Hampden, Hampshire, and Franklin Counties, as well as the Deerfield Police, helped provide escorts for us during all 43 miles. A special thanks to the students who joined the march from Greenfield Center School, HEC Academy, Conway Grammar School, and Erving Elementary. We were joined by a contingent from Greenfield Community College, which included its president, Bob Pura. We also had a group of farmers from The Kitchen Garden in Sunderland who joined the effort. Sean Barry, from Four Seasons Liquors in Hadley, was, as usual, Monte’s righthand man and always at the front of the line. We had a large group of individuals who marched and raised a lot of money. Thanks to all of them. My friend Chia Collins of Northampton deserves special credit for raising the most. Thanks to all of the people who greeted us along the way, including Karen Blanchard of Kate’s Kitchen, Andrea Marion at Lorraine’s Soup Kitchen and Pantry, Mindy Domb at the Amherst Survival Center, Lori Divine and Vitek Kruta at Gateway City Arts, Chancellor Subbaswamy at UMass Amherst and his top aide Natalie Blais, who marched 27 miles with us. b1045 We are grateful to Northampton Brewery for a wonderful dinner on Monday, Chandler’s in Deerfield for a great lunch on Tuesday, Richardson’s Candy Kitchen in Deerfield for the indulgent chocolates that gave us energy, and all the folks at Seymour’s in Greenfield for the magnificent celebration at the end of the march. Also, a special thanks to Tea Guys for their wonderful tea in honor of the march and for their generosity. Thanks to Ben Clark from Clarkdale Fruit Farm in Deerfield for the apples and for keeping us in line. Thanks to Erika Connell Cooper’s mother for the delicious apple pies. And thank you to Mr. Michael Brooks and the students at the Smith Vocational and Agricultural High School in Northampton for making the shopping carts we used during the march. Mr. Speaker, I was glad to be part of this, but I want to close by expressing my deep concern about the future. I remain worried about rumors of more cuts to SNAP or separating SNAP from the farm bill or weakening child nutrition. With so many relying on these programs to help put food on the table, these cuts would be devastating for families across the country. We must protect and strengthen these programs. I believe food ought to be a right for every single individual in this country and on the planet, but the sad reality is that it isn’t. All of us need to do better. All of us need to care more. All of us need to recognize our moral failings in not addressing this issue sooner. So on behalf of the dedicated crew that took part in Monte’s March, I urge all of us in Congress to act and end hunger now. 
IN HONOR OF DAVID HOWLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize David Howle. For the past 29 years, Coach Howle has served as the head football coach for the Bunn High School Wildcats in Franklin County. During that time, Coach Howle had unprecedented success, amassing 214 wins and just 90 losses. He has had 45 players go on to play at the collegiate level, a nearly unheard of number for an AA high school. While Coach Howle built the Bunn football program into a regional powerhouse, it is more important to recognize the impact he has had on thousands of students, parents, and staff in the Bunn community. His expectation of his players to work hard, not just on the field, Mr. Speaker, but also in the classroom, translated into a 99 percent graduation rate for his student athletes. Coach Howle has famously told his team, ‘‘show me your friends and I’ll show you your future,’’ encouraging his players not just to be good citizens, but also to be productive members of society. And no matter the outcome of any game—win, loss, or draw—Coach Howle was always there to encourage his players to keep their heads up and to look to the future as the team ended every game with the Bunn High School fight song followed by the Lord’s prayer. David Howle exemplifies what the thousands of dedicated educators in North Carolina do every day. The lessons Coach Howle taught and the difference he made in thousands of lives will be remembered in his community for years to come. FAREWELL ADDRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the House one last time as a Member of Congress. Over 18 years ago, I was honored and humbled to be elected to this House. It has been the job and the responsibility of a lifetime. After a career spent as a nurse and in our public schools as a school nurse, it was the start of a life I never expected, but I was eager to answer the call to public service on behalf of the citizens of the central coast of California. It was the same call that had beckoned my husband, Walter, before me. He was a religious studies professor who felt compelled to serve. Like Walter, I sought to help restore the bonds of trust between the people and their government. While the circumstances of my joining Congress were unexpected, it has been a tremendous honor to serve with all of you over these years. Together with our colleagues, our dedicated staff, and our constituents, I have been proud to work on behalf of issues so important to our congressional district on the central coast of California, issues important also to our entire Nation. We have worked hard to ensure that everyone has the chance to fulfill their American Dream, while moving our economy and our country forward. We have fought to protect women’s rights, strengthen families, and push for equality. We have made great strides in making health care more accessible and affordable so that no one has to go bankrupt just because they get sick. And we have championed a clean energy future while protecting our beautiful landscapes, our coastlines, and our precious natural resources for future generations. In recent months, I have often been asked what I will miss most about serving in Congress. While there is much to miss, the answer is easy: it is the people. To me, this job has always been and always will be about the people: the people we represent, the people who work so hard to keep this place going, the people on my staff over the years who have been so dedicated to making our community and our country just a little bit better—and the people I serve with here, you, my colleagues. It has been such a privilege and pleasure to get to know you and work alongside many of you over the years, learning more about your districts, your backgrounds, and your families. After all, isn’t this what Congress was meant to be? You, my colleagues, coming from all over the country, from all walks of life, to represent your neighbors and communities in this place, this Congress, to work together for the good of our Nation. During my time in Congress, I have been so proud of those laws we have 
passed that have made a real difference in people’s lives. When I am home, I often hear about the positive impact of our work, the role our office has played in the district, the difference our efforts have made in individual lives. I am proud of the progress we have made as a country, but we need to keep this momentum going. As we all know, cooperation and progress is not always easy, but it is what we are sent here to do and it is what we must do, regardless of partisanship. We are here, each one, because we believe in the role of government to make the lives of everyday Americans better, and that has been my guiding light both as a Member of Congress and as a nurse before. As I have said, I may be retiring, but I do not want to consider myself retired. I prefer to say I am graduating to continue working locally on issues that have defined my time in Congress. Our work is cut out for us, but I am deeply optimistic about what the future holds. I trust that the next Congress will hold healthy debates about how to build a better country for our children. I urge my colleagues to remember that, even during the most trying times, as my husband Walter often said: There is much more that unites us as a people than that which divides us. Now I want to take one last opportunity to thank my staff, the people who have become family to me both here in D.C. and in the district. And I want to thank you, my colleagues, for your camaraderie, your hard work, and the friendship that has lasted over 18 years. It has meant the world to me. And finally, thank you. Thank you, truly, to the people of the central coast for trusting me as your Representative, for inspiring me every single day with your passion and your dedication for our Nation and for California’s 24th District. You make our community a place in which I have been proud to raise my children and my grandchildren now, one I am proud to call home. 
8YEAR ASSAULT ON AMERICA’S COAL INDUSTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to mark the end of a long, harsh, partisan, politicized campaign, unprecedented in American history. I am not talking about the recent election. No. We are finally at the end of the Obama administration’s 8year assault on Kentucky’s and America’s coal industry. In two terms, President Obama’s policies have successfully put thousands of coal miners and utility workers into the unemployment line. In 2008, thencandidate Obama pledged that any company looking to build a coalpowered electric plant would be bankrupted. The combined regulations of the EPA, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and several other bureaucracies have turned that pledge into a reality, choking off investment in new stateofthe art, cleanburning, coalfired electric generation; and it led to the premature closing of existing plants. If we continue on this path, the other promise made by candidate Obama will also come to pass: electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket. And that would be a disaster for consumers, for whom energy prices are often the second or third largest line item in the family budget. I also think about industrial consumers and the many manufacturers in my district and around the Nation who depend on affordable, reliable energy that will face skyrocketing costs if we fail to act and reverse these administration policies. However, it is a new day; and voters—particularly in the Rust Belt and Appalachia—turned out in November to close the book on this legacy of jobkilling regulation and to seek a new path forward. President Obama said that elections have consequences, and this is true; but his administration ignored every electoral outcome since 2010, doubling down on failed policies while the American people called for a different approach. The inverse is also true: consequences drive elections. The consequences of the Obama administration’s unilateral decisions decided last November’s election, and no place in this country felt those consequences as acutely as coal country. National coal production is at its lowest level in 35 years. Pike County, the long leading coal producer in Kentucky, until losing that title in 2012, is down 89 percent since its peak in 1996. Nationwide, consumption of coal has dropped nearly a third since 2007. In Kentucky, coal employment hit its lowest level in 118 years. To repeat, coal employment in Kentucky is now at its lowest level since 1898. In 2009, 18,850 people were employed by coal. About 73,000 jobs were indirectly supported by that economic activity. Today, only about 6,500 Kentuckians now work in the coalfields, and those losses have rippled throughout the economy. Yet this is the legacy that this administration will earn as it leaves office. Never in the history of our country has an administration singled out and targeted a lawful industry—in this case, an industry that has provided jobs and opportunities for American workers for generations, an industry that has literally powered America, and, through that overregulation, crushed an entire sector of our economy. Now, Obama administration apologists will say that depletion in Appalachian coalfields and new competition from natural gas are the primary factors in those job losses, but they don’t give the regulators enough credit. The turnaround in natural gas production on State and private lands has been dramatic, to be sure, but relative price parity with coal does not explain two thirds of mining jobs in Kentucky disappearing in 7 years. The administration has targeted coal supply and demand, prohibiting production leases, rejecting mining permit applications, stretching the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts against congressional intent, prohibiting new and existing plants from using coal—the list goes on and on. Many of these rules have been halted or overturned by the courts, and several more remain subject to challenge by the States and industry; but since the President could not get Congress’ support for his agenda of banning the production and use of coal, most of these regulations can be unwound by the courts or the next administration. I urge the incoming Trump administration to do just that and to engage with Congress in a bipartisan fashion on our Nation’s energy and environmental policies. The livelihoods of people in the coalfields, of those working in the manufacturing and rail industries, of families trying to keep their homes warm and their lights on must never again be the collateral damage in partisan warfare. I must address the issue of climate change. Let the last 8 years serve as a lesson to all of us. Let’s never again attempt to solve problems through central planning by punishing innocent Americans whose paychecks put food on their table. Instead, let’s address problems like climate change the American way: not through central planning or government, but through innovation, science, technology. While it will be a tough road back for coal country and it may never be the same after 8 years of regulatory attack, I do look forward to a new day dawning in the coalfields. f 
ROBERT LEVINSON STILL MISSING IN IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the holiday season is upon us. We are getting ready to head home to spend time with family and friends, yet I rise today with a heavy heart. For the family of my constituent Robert Levinson of Coral Springs, Florida, these weeks are a painful reminder of another Thanksgiving, another Christmas—their 10th, in fact—without their father, grandfather, and husband. 
b1100 Bob has been missing in Iran for 3,561 days. He disappeared from Kish Island, Iran, on March 9, 2007. Late that year, Bob’s wife, Christine, and his oldest son Dan traveled to Iran to learn as much as they could about his whereabouts. It was a brutal 3year wait for the first proof of life, a video of Bob 
dressed in an orange jumpsuit, pleading for help. A year later, in 2011, another proof of life, pictures of Bob, his beard long, his face thin, his gregarious smile gone, a shadow of the exuberant family man in this photograph. In March, marking the ninth anniversary of Bob’s disappearance, south Florida came together in support of Bob’s return with a rally. Each of Bob’s children spoke so beautifully about the special relationship that they share with their father, his commitment to his family, his words of wisdom, his ability to touch the lives of everyone that he meets. Bob Levinson served this country for nearly 30 years, first as a DEA agent, and then as an FBI agent. He is the definition of a patriot. He loves this country. He dedicated his life to public service. Now we must do whatever we can to bring Bob home; home to Christine, his wife of over 40 years; home to his daughters Susan, Stephanie, Sarah, and Samantha; home to his three sons, Dan, David, and Doug, and soninlaw Randy; home to meet, for the first time, the newest members of his growing family, his sonsinlaw and daughterinlaw, Ralph, Ryan, and Sophia, and his six beautiful grandchildren, Ryan, Grace, Caroline, Harry, Sean, and Bobby; home in time for the birth of two new grandchildren; and home in time to hold 2yearold Bobby as he begins treatment for lymphoma. Bobby was named after Grandpa Bob. Bob’s daughter Susan said: I always wanted to name my son after my dad not because he has been taken, but because growing up I always knew how special my dad is. The family needs Bob home. We can’t wait any longer. Whether you support engagement with Iran or not doesn’t matter. The fact is, for the first time since Bob went missing, the United States Government sits directly across the table from their Iranian counterparts. The future of our relationship with Iran is uncertain. That is why we can’t wait. The Iranians have spent the last 2 years seeking acceptance from the international community, but to be treated as a responsible nation, they must act as a responsible nation. After Iran released other Americans this year, the U.S. Government announced Iran’s commitment to use newly established channels to move us closer to Bob’s return, but, 11 months later, Iran has not fulfilled that commitment. Our allies are looking to invest in Iran. U.S. businesses are seeking new economic opportunities, and Iran is seeking to change its standing in the world. I am not here today to debate U.S. policy. I am only here to remind Iran and to remind the world that an American is still not home. I am grateful to this Congress for the unanimous passage of a resolution earlier this year calling on the Government of Iran to find Bob and bring him home and for the deep, deep support so many of my colleagues have offered the Levinson family. I don’t want to have to introduce that legislation again next year. I don’t want to come back to the House floor in 2017 to plead for Bob’s return. This is the moment for action. This is the time to bring Bob home. When the Levinson children were growing up, they would pile into the family Suburban before Christmas in search of the best holiday decoration displays. The kids would sit back singing Christmas songs, and Bob would hold Christine’s hand while he drove. Even though the family has grown too large to fit in one Suburban now, Bob and his family deserve to see the lights together this year. They deserve to sing together. This must be the last season that Bob spends away from his family. 
CELEBRATING 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF HOLY CROSS CATHOLIC CHURCH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. HUELSKAMP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, this year my parish, Holy Cross Catholic Church in Hutchinson, Kansas, is celebrating its 60th anniversary. Sixty years ago, thenBishop of Wichita, Most Reverend Mark K. Carroll, proclaimed Holy Cross Parish to be the third parish in Hutchinson. On June 23, 1957, the church celebrated their first mass in a 4–H building. Holy Cross Parish has come a long way from that first mass held on the Kansas State Fairgrounds. Now a beautiful church adorned with holy images, the parish serves Christ’s people from the moment they are born with the Sacrament of Baptism, to feeding them with the Word of God and the Holy Eucharist, to couples exchanging marriage vows, to those seeking forgiveness in the confessional, and, finally, to when we prepare to meet our Lord at the end of our earthly lives. At each milestone of a Catholic’s life, Holy Cross Catholic Church is there to guide us toward the truth: to know, love, and serve the Lord in this life so as to be with Him in the next. The work of the Holy Cross community certainly extends outside the church walls. The parish is present in the community, serving meals to the needy, visiting inmates in prison, working to save the lives of the precious unborn children, and comforting those who grieve. Additionally, education has always been a high priority for the Holy Cross Parish. Hundreds upon hundreds of boys and girls, young men and women, have received a superb Catholic education at Holy Cross Catholic School and Trinity Catholic High School. Dedicated teachers, administrators, coaches, committed families, holy priests and nuns, and supportive parishioners have worked together to prepare each of these students to serve as Christ’s light to the world. The families that make up Holy Cross Catholic Church are a living example of individuals who live out their faith in their work and their daily lives. Our country was founded on Judeo Christian principles. The First Amendment guarantees the freedom of religion, freedom of speech, and freedom of conscience. It is my sincere hope that, as America moves forward, our leaders will place the issue of religious liberty at the forefront of their political and legislative agendas. On this 60th anniversary of Holy Cross Catholic Church, it is my prayer that the parish will continue to grow and thrive, welcome new members, and share the Gospel with the world. f 
THE WAR ON SCIENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the growing antiscience attitude in Washington. This attitude has manifested itself even on the cover of the respected National Geographic magazine, titled ‘‘The War on Science.’’ The war on science is being conducted in two ways. First, by rejecting or trying to discredit legitimate science. Second, by reducing Federal science funding. Skepticism of science is hardly new and is sometimes well founded, but what is happening today is different and is part of a trend in the United States to discount or disbelieve experts in any field. I hear from scientists who are very worried that the quality and quantity of science produced in this country will decline as a result. American inventors and innovators have improved our lives and have given our country an economic edge, helping make us the strongest country in the world. Let me share a partial list of revolutionary achievements by American scientists: airplanes, phonographs, practical incandescent lamps, wireless communications, microwave ovens, lasers, personal computers, washing machines, cyclotrons, 3D printing machines, polio vaccinations, the nuclear bomb, lightemitting diodes or LEDs, fiber optic cables, mobile telephones, computer mouse, public key cryptography, global positioning systems or GPS, and social media. Now let’s recall an earlier battle against science that used the discredit tactic; namely, the tobacco companies’ effort to dispute the science that smoking is addictive and causes deadly diseases. The tobacco industry tried to both discredit and threaten the scientists who were advancing the facts, and funded questionable scientists to create doubts about the actual scientific results. The tactic worked for a time while tobacco producers were able to continually hook millions of new people on their dangerous product. Eventually the science won out, but the cost was terrible. 
Today a similar effort is underway with respect to climate change. The science is clear, with a vast majority of climate scientists agreeing that the climate is warming and that continuing to emit carbon into the atmosphere at current levels will bring significant and mostly detrimental change to our environment. Moreover, even though the evidence that climate change is already taking place and is overwhelming and increasingly obvious, there is widespread denial that climate change is even happening or that it would be possible to help combat it. But the things that need to be done to address climate change, such as taxing carbon emissions, can be done gradually, predictably, and in a way that helps the economy grow and puts people to work. So why is there so much resistance? The resistance in America is caused by a wellfunded campaign to create doubt about obvious scientific facts. The fossil fuel industry, in particular, has been paying its own scientists to go on talk shows, to publish in their own denial journals, and generally to create doubt whenever possible about climate change, suggesting that it would be better to wait for conclusive evidence before doing anything. But to wait for conclusive evidence is to wait for catastrophe. While Republicans in Washington are trying to reduce or eliminate funding for climate change research, there also seems to be an effort by Republicans to reduce science funding across the board. This will result in fewer scientific advances in the U.S., which will likely cause us to fall behind our competitors. But this is part of a larger trend that denies there are real experts. Science denial has become a pop culture. This is dangerous because modern society is built upon the things that science got right. I see the war on science in this country as shortsighted and very damaging to our economy. We need to change the tone and direction toward a positive process that acknowledges and supports the role science has played and will continue to play for our country. That means working with legislators and getting more scientists and other concerned citizens involved in the political process to ensure that our Nation can continue to benefit from new scientific discoveries and innovation and which will help create the jobs we need to continue to be a great economic power. 
FAREWELL TO THE HONORABLE JOE PITTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in my hand is a book, ‘‘Congress: The Chester County Line’’ written by Wayne C. Woodward. A portion of the foreword reads as follows: ‘‘From the very beginning of our great Nation and the first American Congress, Chester Countians have served their southeast Pennsylvania constituents in the United States House of Representatives. Not all have been nationally known leaders or internationally renowned legislators, but, by and large, Congressmen from Chester County have played a major role in American history.’’ That was written by Richard T. Schulze, member of the United States House of Representatives, serving from 1975 to 1993. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Congressman JOEPITTS, who has served Chester County, Lancaster County, and Berks County with tremendous distinction for the past two decades. Whether it was his legislative focus and advocacy involving religious liberty, life, health care, land conservation, or focusing on those issues at the most local level, JOEPITTS’ legacy and achievements as a legislator will prove lasting in the history of Chester County and this Congress. My predecessor, Jim Gerlach, serving in the neighboring Sixth Congressional District, commented: ‘‘I had the good fortune of working with JOEfrom my first years as a State legislator in the PA house all the way through my last year in Congress. During those 24 years, JOEPITTS was a steady and committed voice for conservative principles and policies that are the bedrock of our economy and society. He cared deeply about his constituents and country, and he always voted for what he believed was best for both. In short, he was a principled leader who worked hard every day to do the right thing, and his leadership will be missed.’’ JOEPITTS’ predecessor in Congress, occupying what is commonly referred to as ‘‘the Pennsylvania Dutch seat,’’ Congressman Bob Walker, commented: ‘‘JOEPITTS has distinguished himself and the district he represents with his congressional service. He has become an acknowledged leader in healthcare policy, and his human rights work has won worldwide claim. I have been proud to call him my congressman for the past 20 years, and wish JOEand Ginny the very best in the years ahead.’’ This book, ‘‘Congress: The Chester County Line,’’ was written in 1992. There will be a day when a second book about the history of Congress and Chester County will be written. We don’t know who will write it, but we do know there will be a chapter on the service of Jim Gerlach and on the service of Bob Walker; and there will also be a very long chapter, rich in content, on the contributions that JOEPITTS has played in American history for the betterment of this country, for the betterment of Chester County, Berks County, and Lancaster County. Congressman PITTS, I wish you the very best as you retire, and a long and healthy retirement to you and your family. God bless you. b1115 FAREWELL TO THE HONORABLE BOB DOLD  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, when I came to Congress, as I suspect when most new Members come to Congress, you tend to look around for those Members who you can take a little something from to improve yourself and to see what they do and also what they don’t do. Congressman BOBDOLD is finishing his second term. I would like Mr. DOLD to know that I have taken a great deal from him. I find him to be a very honorable man and a friend who has served with purpose, a positive attitude, and is partisanfree. He is a great example of how to serve in this body effectively, with distinction, and with a great attitude. I wish Congressman DOLD the very best in all his future endeavors. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, RICHARD HANNA , serving New York’s 22nd Congressional District, is retiring. I want to commend Congressman HANNA on his thoughtfulness, independence, and courage of convictions. I find him to be a great example of how to serve in this body honorably, and I wish him and his family the very best in his retirement. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Congressman MIKE FITZPATRICK of Pennsylvania’s Eighth Congressional District is retiring. His brother, Brian, has big shoes to fill to serve in MIKE’s place. When I came to Congress, one thing that you would always hear in political circles is that MIKEFITZPATRICK , while serving in Congress, never stopped being a Bucks County Commissioner. What that really means is, while he came down here to focus on Washington and issues important to this country, he never stopped spending time in Bucks County, serving the district with distinction. I wish MIKEFITZPATRICK the very best in retirement and thank him for his mentorship during my first year in Congress. 
CONGRATULATING STAFF SERGEANT AARON TOBLER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Staff Sergeant Aaron Tobler, an Albany native and La Salle Institute of Troy graduate who was recently selected for the Outstanding Airman of the Year award by the United States Air Force. The Air Force provides this recognition to top enlisted Airmen for their unique individual achievements in leadership, job performance, significant selfimprovement, and community involvement. Sergeant Tobler is a fine example of the best the capital region, the Air 
Force, and our Nation have to offer. In addition to his military service, he serves as a manager at the California Department of Social Services, mentors local youth, and is a regular blood donor. I thank Staff Sergeant Tobler for his military and civilian service to our Nation. He and his colleagues are truly what has made, and continues to make, this country great. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, last week, the National Science Foundation announced that the 109th Airlift Wing provided a humanitarian medical evacuation flight from AmundsenScott South Pole Station in Antarctica to astronaut Buzz Aldrin, one of the first men to walk on the Moon. As the Representative for New York’s 20th Congressional District, I am, indeed, honored that we are home to Stratton Air National Guard Base, which hosts the 109th Airlift Wing in Scotia, New York. Their unit flies the world’s only skiequipped LC–130s, better known as Ski Birds. The 109th continues a proud tradition of critical contributions that New York’s capital region makes to our national security, our economy, and yes, our standing in the world. I am, indeed, proud of their unique service to this country and thank them for their continued support. 
PEARL HARBOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) for 5 minutes. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, 75 years ago, the Imperial forces of Japan attacked Pearl Harbor and other bases in Hawaii. This unforgivable act thrust our country into the war in the Pacific. On this day, 2,403 Americans died, 1,177 of them on the Arizona, and 1,178 were wounded. Today, to honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice, there will be services here in D.C., throughout the Nation, and particularly at Pearl Harbor. This is where Pearl Harbor, the symbol of World War II and the attack, is found. That, of course, is the USS Arizona Memorial. Designed by Alfred Preis, it was controversial when first unveiled because people could not understand the significance of it. They said it kind of looked like a squashed milk carton. But when you really understood what went behind it, it made sense. The middle part that looks like it is sagging represented the defeat of December 7; however, the two proud, strong sides represented the victory that our country faced. Think about it. There is a portion of it that is open to the ocean. That is where leis like this were thrown in to honor those who were buried below. In addition, there is a wall with the names of all those who perished. But there is another wall—and this is very significant—with the names of those who survived the attack but chose to return to be buried with their colleagues. A Navy diver takes their ashes down and puts them on the USS Arizona. There are seven large windows on one side representing December 7. There are 21 windows altogether, representing a 21gun salute. When Mr. Preis designed it, he said he wanted the memorial to be everything to anybody as they looked at it, but, most importantly, he wanted it to be serene. You have to ask yourself: Why? What very few know about Mr. Preis is, like the Japanese Americans, he was detained because he was Austrian. In Hawaii, there were internment camps, not only of Japanese Americans but of Germans of American descent, as well as Italians. Mr. Preis was one of them. World War II created the Greatest Generation of all time, and we must never forget them. We must honor them. But we must always remember that ultimate sacrifice they made. They made it for all of us so we would appreciate and enjoy civil liberties. Remember, in February of the following year is when President Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 putting Japanese Americans, whose only crime was that they were Japanese Americans, into internment camps. This group fought the fight to prove their loyalty to this country. Let us not forget them, the Filipino World War II veterans who also served, and everyone who served in World War II. Let us not forget why they served and why they did that ultimate sacrifice. It was so that we would be the greatest country on this Earth and we would provide people with civil liberties. So let us not, as we move forward, forget that. Let us not forget what it means to be a country that welcomes all and has protected the civil liberties. As we look and hear about things like the Muslim registry or building walls, would those brave men of the Greatest Generation really think they fought for that? Is that what they want this country to become? I contend that they do not. On this day, Mr. Speaker, as we honor those who gave that ultimate sacrifice, let us not forget why we are the greatest country on the face of this Earth and why they are the Greatest Generation. 
DROUGHT: HUMAN IMPACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the real human impact that the drought has had on families across California’s San Joaquin Valley. This drought has lasted for 6 years. Tomorrow, the House will have an opportunity to vote on legislation that will help address the impacts of the drought and begin to repair a broken water system that we have in California today. I hope more than anything that we can get the legislation across the finish line, but it seems that some of my colleagues in the House and the Senate remain unconvinced that a solution is necessary. I tell you that a solution is necessary and we are working on borrowed time. I would like to take the opportunity to dispel that misconception. The picture next to me here is Mr. and Mrs. Cabrera from Madera, California. I represent these constituents. As you will notice, they look happy. The reason they look happy is because, when I had the pleasure of meeting with them that day, they found out that they had received a Federal resource grant to dig a new well in their backyard. Two years prior to that day, their well had gone completely dry. For my colleagues who do not represent the rural constituencies across this country or in California, that means for 2 years the Cabrera family could not turn their faucet on to get water to bathe or cook. Instead, they went outside to haul buckets of water into their house. A 2,500gallon tank in their backyard was where they got the water from. Some families are even less fortunate and had to have water trucked into their neighborhoods. Also, pictured next to them is Juana Garcia. Juana lives in East Porterville. She was featured in a Fresno Bee story last year. Her family and 700 households in East Porterville have no water. This photo illustrates the delivery of nonpotable water to Ms. Garcia and her family. They walk to the local church several times a week so they can take a shower. The Cabrera and Garcia families represent the faces of thousands of families throughout the Valley who don’t have water and don’t have a longterm plan to get water. They have been impacted. Farmers, farm workers, and farm communities throughout the San Joaquin Valley have been impacted as well. Without water, hundreds and thousands of acres of productive ag land have gone fallow. That means they are not planted. Without planting, that means no jobs and no water. Unemployment, in many of these Valley farming communities, is in the double digits and at an alltime high. While a California drought relief bill will not resolve every single challenge we face in the Valley and in California’s broken water system, it will provide some relief to help these suffering families. To my colleagues in California and elsewhere who think that the language in the WRDA bill is a poison pill, I say it is not. This is important to help solve the problems of the people in this Valley to ensure that more Valley families do not become the victims of polluted water and dry wells. This is not a poison pill. You should not look at it that way. It is wrong. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House and the Senate to support 
this legislation and act swiftly, not only on the behalf of the people of the San Joaquin Valley but Flint, Michigan, and the others who will benefit in the very important WRDA bill that will be before us tomorrow. Time is of the essence. The drought stricken community in California, especially in the San Joaquin Valley, and others who are impacted by very important and needed efforts that Senator FEINSTEIN and others have put together as part of the WRDA bill, a bipartisan bill that Congressman MCCARTHY has worked on, should be passed tomorrow. Do the right thing before Christmas. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST IN TRUMP ADMINISTRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a strong recommendation that Presidentelect Trump address immediately and put to rest the overwhelming conflicts of interest that abound with his personal business affairs that threaten to undermine the public interest and destabilize his future administration. When America’s Founding Fathers wrote the Emoluments Clause in our Constitution, their firm intention was to insulate our new government from unethical foreign inducement to our elected officials and corruption attendant to the intertwining of Europe’s politics with our own. b1130 So reads our Constitution, Article I. Article I, right at the beginning, Section 9, clause 8: ‘‘No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States’’—that means we don’t coronate kings here—‘‘And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever from any King, Prince, or foreign State.’’ No elected official in this country is above the Constitution, the law of the land. This is the strict, timetested standard, ethical standard to which the President and Congress and all senior government appointees are held. Unfortunately, American history has no shortage of examples of Presidents and senior officials who attempted to skirt this ethical standard outside of appropriate channels, and they paid the price: Ulysses S. Grant’s Whiskey Ring, or Warren G. Harding’s Teapot Dome, or Richard Nixon’s Jewel Scandal or Watergate, to name a few. Each represents an instance of improper gifting, selfdealing, and an array of clandestine and illegal activities, of which Presidentelect Trump would be wise to reflect upon their consequences. There have been many suggestions offered to the Presidentelect on what he should do to clear up such potential conflicts about his foreign investments, contacts, and his vast private wealth that could compromise his position as President; yet Presidentelect Trump’s advisers keep us waiting and dodging the main question. He, himself, has said that action is not legally required. He is wrong. He also incorrectly asserts there can be no conflict of interest for a President. History shows that is false. Without separation of his private interests from his public interests, how will the American people know he is acting fairly and impartially in his appointments to regulatory agencies, for example? or his funding recommendations of budgets and departments that could impact his investments? Or how about the contracts that are let by the Federal Government itself? How will he work with banks, and which ones, nationstateowned or foreign, that have loaned him and his associates money? Who will he be appointing to key regulatory positions that could impact his vast financial interests across many continents? A former Reform Party Vice Presidential candidate opined on the Huffington Post site that Mr. Trump has three options to address his conflicts of interest: Number one, to place his company and assets into a true blind trust, supervised by a totally independent entity; Number two, to persuade the GOP controlled Congress to enact a law that exempts the President from the Emolument Provision, which I would vote against; or Number three, to resign, or risk impeachment. As the Office of Government Ethics advised, only a true divestiture of his financial stake in his sprawling and global business dealings will resolve ethical concerns about conflicts of interest as he assumes the role of President of the United States. Now, this map gives you a sense of some of his interests that he has acknowledged in some of his filings, of 144 companies in 25 different countries. We don’t know what these relationships are. He has a sprawling global business empire, and the list includes countries with strained diplomatic ties to the United States. As the President, his responsibilities will force him to make decisions on foreign policy and tax policy, for example, that will impact these significant business interests. Only a truly complete removal of his ownership can assure the American people that his Presidential actions and political decisions are not motivated by personal financial interests. Even then, suspicion will arise about every move he makes and be subject to prosecution. In the 3 weeks since his election, Presidentelect Trump has held meetings and calls with foreign dignitaries, Prime Ministers, and Presidents in his official capacity as Presidentelect. That is normal. What is not normal or appropriate, though, is for the public to hear afterwards that his adult children, who are slated to take over the family business, were also present. The American public is well aware that the Trump team has a steep learning curve in understanding his role, the operation and legal allowances of our Federal Government, and he has a long way to go in separating his personal financial interests from his public financial interests. I can’t say in strong enough terms we do need to have his tax filings on record, and we do need to have clarification for the American people that our Constitution must prevail. No public official—no public official—is exempt from the law of the land, and the highest law is the Constitution of the United States. He must separate himself from his business dealings. 
ST. XAVIER FOOTBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, December 2, my alma mater, St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati, Ohio, beat the odds in a true underdog story and won the Ohio high school Division I football State championship. They join the St. Xavier water polo team as State champs this year as well. Through a tough regular season schedule, the St. X Bombers went into the final regular season game with a record of 4 and 5, needing one more win to make it to the playoffs, and they were losing at halftime. They won and went on to win five more times, ultimately beating a tough Cleveland Saint Ignatius team, in front of 13,000 people at Ohio Stadium, to win the State championship. In one of the most thrilling high school football games, St. X won 27–20 in double overtime. In fact, three of the five playoff victories were won in overtime. In a historic year, St. X became the first team in Ohio high school athletic history to lose five regular season games and then go on to win the State championship. The 2016 football season can teach us all something about perseverance and never giving up. I would like to congratulate the St. Xavier players, Coach Steve Specht, and his staff, for their hard work and dedication. This win adds to a long history of sportsmanship and commitment on the field at St. Xavier High School. Go Bombers. 
CONGRATULATING DR. BEN CARSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
South Carolina (Mr. W ILSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that President elect Donald Trump has appointed Dr. Ben Carson to serve as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, where he will promote opportunity for success for everyone. Presidentelect Trump announced: ‘‘Ben Carson has a brilliant mind and is passionate about strengthening communities and families within those communities . . . Ben shares my optimism about the future of our country and is part of ensuring that this is a Presidency representing all Americans.’’ Dr. Carson knows that there is power in education and hard work. He earned a full scholarship to Yale University, received his doctorate from the University of Michigan, and then, at just age 33, became the director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins. With his dear wife, Candy, he started the Carson Scholars Fund, a valuable national scholarship program to empower students from all backgrounds to strive for academic excellence and community service. Our Nation is fortunate that Dr. Ben Carson has been nominated to this important position, and I am confident in his future success for American families. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 9/11 was the Pearl Harbor of our era, being a surprise attack on our civilization. Presidentelect Donald Trump, with Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, will lead us to victory to protect American families. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. On this day 75 years ago, our Nation was attacked, and war was visited upon our people. In so many places in our world, war rages still. May all leaders be empowered to work toward lasting peace, with the help of Your grace. We ask also this day for wisdom, patience, and understanding among the Members of this people’s House. Give them the generosity of heart, and the courage of true leadership, to work as true statesmen and women, toward a common solution to the many issues facing our Nation. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BARTON led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, my heart is in Hawaii today. At almost this exact time, on this very day 75 years ago, the first bombs were dropped in the attack on Pearl Harbor. More than 2,400 people perished on that fateful day that will forever live in infamy. We remember our brothers and sisters who paid the ultimate price and those who answered the call to serve in the months and years that followed, including our two former Senators Inouye and Akaka, and the more than 320,000 who gave their lives in that war. We remember the Japanese Americans whose lives were forever changed when, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, were thrown into internment camps; and the brave nisei who, in spite of these atrocities, volunteered to serve, forming the niseionly ‘‘Go for Broke’’ 442nd Infantry Regiment, serving courageously and sacrificing greatly. May we never forget what happened at Pearl Harbor, the lessons learned, and the sacrifices of all who served. f 
HONORING NED RANDOLPH (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a faithful public servant of Louisiana, Mr. Edward Gordon Randolph, Jr., better known as Ned, who passed away October 4, 2016, at the age of 74. Ned was a political force in Louisiana. He served in the Louisiana House of Representatives, the Louisiana Senate, and served as mayor of his hometown, the great city of Alexandria, Louisiana. Ned served in that capacity for over 20 years, and he had many, many accomplishments in that job. Among those was the opening of the Alexandria Riverfront Center, and advocating for the transition from England Air Force Base to England Airpark, which is still in existence. He revitalized that entire city and left behind a legacy of great, great success. So, again, just a tribute to Ned Randolph. He will be missed. 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 75th anniversary of the tragic attacks on Pearl Harbor. It is a day we reflect to remember over 2,400 Americans whose lives we lost that morning. Today I especially remember Army Corporal Earl Wickett, a south Buffalo 
native, who was stationed at Pearl Harbor on the day of the attacks. Mr. Wickett went on to fight on behalf of our Nation for over 4 years. Following his tour, he returned home to western New York, raised a family, and continued to serve his community as a Buffalo firefighter. Unfortunately, Mr. Wickett is no longer with us, passing away a few years ago, but his stories and acts of bravery live on. Today I join all Americans in remembering those who paid the ultimate price at Pearl Harbor and those who sought and seek to protect our freedom here and throughout the world. This Nation is always grateful for those like Mr. Wickett, for their bravery, dedication, and selfless service. 
CONGRATULATING FAIRFIELD AREA HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS’ SOCCER TEAM (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I proudly honor my constituents, the Fairfield Area High School girls’ soccer team, for earning the PIAA 1A championship. These young women have brought home the first State team sports title in Fairfield’s history. The Green Knights defeated District 7 champion, Shady Side, in a 9–4 victory, at Hersheypark Stadium, on November 18, 2016. The Green Knights finished the season with a 25–1 record and scored 27 goals in four State playoff games, including two ninegoal performances. For a team from a small community, the Green Knights had an army of loyal supporters. I extend my congratulations to the team, to the head coach, Phomma Phanhthy, and the school officials, family, and friends who supported these young women on this incredible journey. We are all so very proud of you. 
RESPONSIBILITIES OF PUBLIC SERVANTS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise to acknowledge the fallen on this day, December 7, at Pearl Harbor, the day of infamy, and offer to them our greatest admiration and gratitude. Our prayers continue to be with their ongoing families. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to speak about the responsibilities of public servants. To my knowledge, Air Force One does not belong to any particular Presidency, regardless of party. Therefore, any attempt to ensure the technological sophistication and the quality of that aircraft should be left to the decisionmakers who have the responsibility of protecting the President of the United States or, in essence, those who have the responsibility of governing the United States military, which includes the Congress and, certainly, our Pentagon. I am concerned when the incoming person that will take the oath of office begins to abuse the process and suggests that this is too costly and that this company—Boeing, in particular— should be undermined. Our job is to create and save jobs, not to destroy jobs. Our job also, Mr. Speaker, is to protect the President of the United States; and that kind of interference, uninformed, should be stopped immediately. f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, to remember, in particular, the recognition of one of the survivors we still have with us, David Edward Callahan, a great northern California veteran who put his life on the line to serve in the United States Navy at a time when the world was on fire. Less than 4 months after he reported to the U.S. naval training station in San Diego at the age of 16—he fibbed a little on his application—Mr. Callahan soon would be standing to colors aboard the USS New Orleans when the drone of the first Japanese aircraft was heard that morning at Pearl Harbor. It would only be the start of his service to us in the U.S. For 6 years, he would fight the Japanese in almost every major battle of the Pacific war as a combat swimmer, which later became known as the Navy SEALs, from Guadalcanal to Iwo Jima, where he was awarded a Purple Heart. On behalf of the First District of California, we want to show our gratitude to Mr. Callahan because his service didn’t end there. Later on in the Pacific nuclear proving grounds, he used his diving skills there to see how that would work in the nuclear testing that was going on at that time. He has never stopped serving. He has never been less than an inspiration for all of us. He will be taking part in Pearl Harbor ceremonies today. We are glad to have him, and we are proud to have him as an American. 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF PEARL HARBOR (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. It was a defining moment in our Nation’s history, and, as has been said, a day that will live in infamy. The events of Pearl Harbor demonstrated the resolve of the American people and our Armed Forces. It is a day when we honor those who gave their lives in the defense of this country, but also honor those who have saved lives of others during this tragedy. Petty Officer Doris ‘‘Dorie’’ Miller, from my hometown of Waco, was one such individual who went above and beyond the call of duty in defense of this country and his fellow Americans. Dorie Miller is widely recognized as a hero after the attack on Pearl Harbor for his remarkable courage when his ship, the USS West Virginia, came under attack by the Japanese. In the face of imminent danger, he assisted his ship’s commander, who was mortally wounded, to safety. He then reportedly manned a .50caliber anti aircraft machine gun to shoot down at least 3 of the 29 Japanese planes that went down that day. Mr. Speaker, ever since I have been a Member of Congress, I have worked time and time again to get Dorie Miller awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. Yet, today he is left with still the Navy Cross. It is time we honor the unheard sacrifices of our men and women in uniform and award Dorie Miller the Congressional Medal of Honor. f 
WHY THE CONSTITUTION IS IMPORTANT (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, the United States of America is a nation of laws, where the government derives its limited powers from ‘‘We the People,’’ the consenting governed. Since 1789, the Constitution has served as our country’s legal foundation. Its wisdom is timeless. And just as George Washington called the Constitution the guide he would never abandon, we won’t abandon it either or try to tinker unnecessarily with its brilliance. Thanks to the foresight of the Constitution’s Framers, their understanding of government overreach, and their grasp of human nature, we have an abiding document that checks the power of the Federal Government and protects the rights of individual citizens. It is genius in its brevity, in its endurance, and in its aforethought to limit and separate the governing powers established therein. As a Member of Congress, it is an honor and sacred duty to protect and uphold the Constitution. 
b1215 FBI AND WALL STREET (Mr. PASCRELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I wrote to FBI Director James Comey in September and requested the materials related to the FBI’s investigations into the 2008 financial crisis. ELIZABETH  WARREN joined me in this request, which we made as a result of the precedent the FBI established in a highprofile case involving a Secretary of State’s emails. In citing ‘‘intense public interest’’ and ‘‘the interest of transparency,’’ the FBI saw fit to provide extensive testimony to Congress and hundreds of pages of documents that gave context to its decision not to prosecute. It has been 8 years since casinostyle bets and a culture of fraud on Wall Street crashed our economy and caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs and their homes; yet no top executives were charged with crimes, and many Americans have a gnawing sense that justice has not been served. As of today, I have not received one word. The DOJ has obtained financial settlements from major institutions, like Citigroup and Bank of America. The American public has a clear interest and stake in understanding why the FBI did not pursue charges against the recommendations of its own commission. 
RECOGNIZING THE KEYSTONE LITTLE LEAGUE TEAM (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Pennsylvania State Little League champions, the Keystone Little League team, from Clinton County, Pennsylvania. Today, I had the privilege of hosting them for a Capitol tour, and they currently join me from the House Gallery. The team had a remarkable 2016 season, claiming their district and sectional titles before winning the statewide championship for Pennsylvania. As the Pennsylvania champions, they made an impressive run in the regional playoffs and came just one game short of representing the midAtlantic region in the Little League World Series. Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District has a rich history of great Little League players and teams, and this year’s Keystone team continues that legacy. They join greats such as Specialist Ross A. McGinnis, a Medal of Honor winner and Little League Hall of Excellence inductee, and the 2011 Mid Atlantic Little League World Series team, also the former Keystone team, which also hailed from Clinton County. In keeping with this tradition, Keystone made their region proud through their love and dedication to America’s favorite pastime—baseball. Congratulations to the players and coaches on such a great run. CONTINUING RESOLUTION: NYPD REIMBURSEMENT FOR PRESIDENTELECT DONALD TRUMP (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep disappointment in the continuing resolution that was released last night. The $7 million appropriated to reimburse New York City for costs incurred to provide security for Presidentelect Trump and his family was a mere fraction of the $35 million requested by the city and the police department. The security efforts involved are unprecedented, and it is totally unfair to ask New York City taxpayers alone to pay for these costs. This is the second busiest intersection, not in New York City, not in New York State, but in the entire country. Over 10,000 residents per hour cross at 57th and 5th. It is a security challenge personified. Because of this budget’s failure, New Yorkers are now being forced to provide a nointerest loan to the Federal Government and have no guarantee of being paid back. This is a terrible deal. Securing the Presidentelect is a national security priority, and it must be paid for by the Federal Government. f 
COMMENDING PRESIDENTELECT TRUMP’S PHONE CALL TO PRESIDENT TSAI (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise for two reasons today. First, I honor the life of my father, Larry L. Barton. He died on this date, December 7, 1996. He was a World War II veteran and a B–24 Liberator navigator. He was based in Italy and flew 40 combat missions over Central Europe. I also rise to commend President elect Trump for his phone call to the President of Taiwan, President Tsai. Taiwan is a friend of the United States. We recognized Taiwan from the late 1940s to 1972. We then recognized Mainland China but maintained diplomatic relationships with Taiwan until 1978. Presidentelect Trump was right to make a phone call to President Tsai. They are a friend of the United States. In my opinion, there is no reason we can’t have diplomatic relations with both nations. I am told that President Tsai is going to come through Texas in the fall on her way to Guatemala. I will welcome her if that trip occurs and will try to give her the hospitality that she gave me when I visited her great nation last month. A phone call is a phone call, Mr. Speaker. I commend the President elect for calling President Tsai. I hope this means a warming of a relationship with Taiwan. JOSIE AND ROLLIE HEATH (Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we know it is truly a privilege to serve because of the people we serve. Today, I want to acknowledge two very special constituents of mine who are retiring this year. Josie and Rollie Heath are beloved members of the community in Boulder, Colorado. The pair moved to Boulder, Colorado, in the 1970s, where their family and love grew alongside their history of public service. In a recent newspaper article, Josie said that people say to her: Oh, now that you are retiring, you can do what you want to do. And she thinks: Well, I have been doing what I want to do. This month, Josie retired after 20 years as the head of The Community Foundation Boulder County. Prior to that, she was a county commissioner, and she served in the Carter and Clinton administrations. When I was 15 years old, I volunteered on her United States Senate race in 1990. Early next month, Rollie Heath, a 23 year veteran of the Army, is retiring as a State Senator. Prior to the legislature, he had a career in international business and founded the Rocky Mountain World Trade Center. For Rollie and Josie, their jobs weren’t simply about the work they did. They were about building community. Both served on so many boards and advocated for so many just causes. Above all, they have remained true to themselves as purveyors of progress in all that they do. I am honored not only to be their Congressman but to be their friend. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I congratulate them on their life’s work, and I look forward to joining them in future adventures. 
CAPTAIN WILLIAM M. PETERSON (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Captain William M. Peterson of Richland, Washington, who was recently inducted into the Wall of Gallantry in the Hall of Heroes at the United States Coast Guard Academy. While serving as an aircraft commander with the Coast Guard in July of 1982, thenLieutenant Peterson engaged in a perilous rescue of nine survivors from an HC–130 that had crashed in bad weather on Attu Island, off the coast of Alaska. Flying in extremely hazardous conditions, with winds gusting up to 40 knots, and with visibility as low as 50 feet, Lieutenant Peterson inched his helicopter along the side of a mountain and transported nine survivors back to safety over multiple trips from the crash site. 
Captain Peterson demonstrated the highest forms of courage, judgment, and unwavering devotion to duty that day. I congratulate him on this much deserved honor. I also offer my humble appreciation to Captain Peterson for serving on my Academy Nomination Board. Your heroic service is an inspiration to these future military leaders. 
HONORING LINDA CHRISTLE (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Linda Christle, who is retiring as executive director of Economic Development SedaliaPettis County. She has faithfully served the community of Sedalia for the past 12 years. Throughout her tenure as executive director, Linda has achieved many accomplishments, including the creation of three enhanced enterprise zones, resulting in over 50 companies benefiting and growing their businesses in her community. Additionally, this past year, the community was able to complete its third strategic plan in 15 years. As a result, multiple task forces were established to enhance the community, which also led to the eventual creation of the entrepreneurial program called 1 Million Cups. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to congratulate and to thank Linda Christle for her years of distinguished service in Sedalia and Pettis County. I am blessed to represent her in Congress, and I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
MEDIACRATS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we need a new word for the dictionary, a new term for the merger of the liberal media and the Democratic Party. Obviously, the liberal media have no intention of treating Presidentelect Trump objectively or fairly. They want to continue to link arms with the Democrats. This is no surprise, given that 96 percent of national reporters’ contributions went to Hillary Clinton. As chairman of the Media Fairness Caucus, here is my proposal: let’s combine the two words—‘‘media’’ and ‘‘Democrat’’—and go with ‘‘mediacrat.’’ It is short; it gives the media first mention; and it sounds like a new species. Now, I realize the liberal media is not likely to use this word ‘‘mediacrat’’ very often, but there are two reasons for them to do so—first, to show they have a sense of humor, and, second, to show they have a sense of humility. I think most Americans would be happy if the liberal media didn’t display their bias every time they covered the Presidentelect. Maybe the mediacrats should try balanced reporting. It surely would help their credibility. f 
FEDERAL IMMIGRATION LAW MUST BE ENFORCED (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, a disturbing trend has developed of leading universities in their promoting lawlessness by refusing to comply with Federal immigration law; so, today, I am introducing the Federal Immigration Law Compliance Act of 2016, with cosponsors from California to New York to Florida. This act requires any entity that receives Federal funds, including institutions of higher learning, to comply with all lawful requests made by Federal immigration enforcement authorities. Should the entity refuse to comply with Federal immigration enforcement requests, all Federal funding can be withheld. For instance, the University of Pennsylvania, which charges $51,000 tuition, despite its having an endowment of $10.7 billion, would stand to lose $700 million in Federal grants if they were to choose to continue their policy of not complying with Federal immigration law. Congress has the responsibility to protect the rule of law in our country and to provide for the safety of our citizens. The American people have spoken loudly in this past election that they want Federal immigration law enforced. Shame on those universities that take Federal money and then promote lawlessness. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5143, TRANSPARENT INSURANCE STANDARDS ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 9, 2016, THROUGH JANUARY 3, 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 944 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
b1230 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 944 provides for consideration of H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016. The resolution provides for a structured rule. This legislation is an important effort to protect the U.S. model of insurance supervision, provide for improved oversight, 
and keep the U.S. insurance industry strong and competitive. For over 150 years, individual States have successfully regulated insurance and coordinated their activities. This model has worked and ensured that the focus remains on the consumer. Well, when Congress passed the Dodd Frank Act back in 2010, the Federal Government assumed a new role in the regulation of the insurance industry. This change included the creation of the Federal Insurance Office, otherwise known as FIO, and charged FIO with representing the interests of U.S. insurers—not consumers, insurers—during the negotiation of any international agreements. The change also allowed for both the FIO Director and the Federal Reserve to participate in an international organization known as the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. Previously, insurance regulators from the individual States participated in the international discussions. Remember, the State insurance regulators are there to protect consumers. The International Association of Insurance Supervisors is responsible for developing regulatory guidelines and best practices for insurance supervisors around the world to adopt. Europe and the United States have very different regulatory models for insurance. Recently, the European Union has developed a regulatory protocol known as Solvency II. Solvency II is significantly different from the successful Statebased insurance regulatory system that has been successful in the U.S. for the last 150 years. The fear is that the International Association of Insurance Supervisors will adopt Solvency II as the gold standard, which would put U.S. insurers and consumers at a severe disadvantage. More alarming, the Treasury Department and the U.S. Trade Representative are already engaged in negotiations with the European Union regarding a ‘‘covered agreement’’ over insurance regulations. If based on the Solvency II model, this could severely hurt the U.S. insurance industry and consumers. That is where our legislation comes in. The Transparent Insurance Standards Act simply enhances Congress’ oversight of international deliberations relating to insurance standards. The bill sets reasonable requirements that must be met before the United States can agree to accept, establish, or enter into the adoption of any international insurance standard. The same requirements would be followed throughout any negotiations over a covered agreement with the European Union. To be clear, this bill would not stop the international process. It simply will ensure that the United States is leading on the issues instead of being led by foreign governments. This bill also requires that the Federal Insurance Office and the Federal Reserve report and testify before Congress at least twice a year about ongoing negotiations. I appreciate Mr. LUETKEMEYER and Chairman HENSARLING for their leadership on this very important issue, and I hope we can come together to pass this very important legislation. I just don’t understand why anyone would be opposed to greater congressional oversight over such an important issue. Adoption of these standards or entering into an agreement with the European Union could fundamentally alter the U.S. insurance industry and, yes, hurt consumers. It only makes sense for the democratically elected Congress to play a role in the process. This legislation is simply about improving oversight and protecting the Statebased model of insurance regulation that has held up so well in our country over the last 150 years and has enjoyed wide, bipartisan support. Most importantly, this bill is about ensuring the concerns of the American people come first, not the worries of some foreign government or group. I urge my colleagues to protect insurance consumers across America by supporting House Resolution 944 and the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Alabama for yielding to me the customary 30 minutes for debate. I rise to debate the rule for consideration of H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016. At best, this bill is unnecessary. At worst, it will harm our ability to reach vital international agreements to protect our financial system. Mr. Speaker, the 2008 financial crisis and the subsequent Great Recession was the worst financial disaster in our Nation’s history since the Great Depression. Nearly 9 million Americans lost their jobs, doubling the unemployment rate. More than 11 million Americans lost their homes to foreclosures. Home values dropped more than 30 percent. Our Nation lost more than $13 trillion in economic output. To put that in perspective, that is the equivalent of losing a year’s gross domestic product. From this disaster, we learned many lessons and passed the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to ensure that we are better able to prevent such a financial calamity from occurring again. One lesson we learned was the significant risk posed to our financial system by potentially unstable, large, globally active insurance companies, as demonstrated by the near collapse of AIG. As a result, commonsense reforms to the insurance industry were put in place, including the creation of the Federal Insurance Office to coordinate Federal efforts, develop policy, and represent the United States in the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. This office, along with new authorities for the Federal Reserve and the Department of the Treasury, allow our regulators to work to ensure that our unique insurance regulatory regime provides stability in our financial system, both nationally and globally. Now, however, the majority seems to have forgotten the lessons of the 2008 financial crisis. Mr. Speaker, at best, this legislation is unnecessary. Under the guise of transparency, H.R. 5143 would require additional public notice and comment regarding potential agreements on international insurance standards. But such international agreements would only take effect domestically after regulations were promulgated in accordance with U.S. law, which already includes a notice and comment period. The transparency this bill is seeking is already enshrined in our rulemaking process. Then, at worst, this bill will harm U.S. negotiators by tying their hands and making setting workable insurance standards nearly impossible to achieve. Mr. Speaker, by requiring our negotiators to seek consensus positions with all 50 State insurance commissioners, this bill weakens the United States’ ability to work with other countries to improve the regulation of large global insurance companies. By placing unnecessary, counterproductive, and overly cumbersome reporting and negotiating requirements on the Federal Reserve and Treasury, we will not be able to achieve the global insurance stability we need to prevent future financial disasters. As we approach the end of the 114th Congress, I am dismayed to see that consideration of this bill is how the majority has decided we should spend what few precious legislative days remain. I guess my dismay carries over from last night’s socalled impeachment consideration of the IRS Commissioner, who will be gone from office by the time they could get through this process. I was pleased to see the chairman of the Judiciary Committee refer it to his committee, where I am sure it will die. It just seems that we get to this important juncture and we find ourselves caught up in bumper sticker politics, as we have for most of the session of the 114th Congress. It appears that, in the final hours of this Congress, the majority is attempting to throw up roadblocks to prevent commonsense financial regulations aimed at preventing large insurance companies from once again threatening the stability of our economy. The American people—all of them, Republican and Democrat—deserve better. Assuredly, we can anticipate that if this measure were to become law— and I predict it won’t—but if it were to become law, then I can see us, at some point, faced with another serious financial crisis. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I have listened to my colleague from Florida’s remarks, and I certainly understand the concern that we all have with the aftermath of the Great Recession of 2008. But there are many of us who believe that the DoddFrank law, which contains the provision that we are trying to affect here, really did things that went way outside of what we should have been doing to try to prevent another recession from happening again. How does ceding control over the U.S. insurance market to foreign governments and groups help our economy or help prevent a future recession? How does a bill like the underlying bill, that protects consumers and provides congressional oversight, hurt our economy? How does that not help our economy, help the consumers? b1245 This bill is necessary because the United States faces losing control over our insurance that is so very important to everybody in the United States of America. My colleague talked about State insurance departments. One thing we have seen these last several years is a steady effort to take power away from State governments, which is, frankly, contrary to the intent of our Constitution. Our State governments do very important things, like they are the primary providers for public education. But they are also the primary regulators for insurance, and they have done a good job of that. We have 150 years of experience with that. We have bipartisan support for that. Why would we be taking power away from them? Why isn’t continuing to allow them to have that power and utilize it as each State sees fit, why isn’t that a good thing? Finally, my colleague talked about how, at the end of this Congress, we are doing bumper sticker things. Well, I believe that passing, with a huge bipartisan vote, the National Defense Authorization Act last week was a good thing. If that is a bumper sticker, I want that bumper sticker. We passed, last week, the 21st Century Cures Act that I really believe is going to save lives. If that is a bumper sticker, I want that bumper sticker. And I predict on the floor tomorrow we are going to take a WRDA bill for everybody in the United States that is going to enhance the wellbeing of people all over this country. That is another bumper sticker I will be happy to have on my car. So I appreciate my colleague’s remarks. He knows the tremendous respect that I have for him, but I respectfully disagree with the premise for his arguments. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My colleague from Alabama and I do have mutual respect for each other, and I agree with him the three measures that he cited, and I can cite others during the course of the 114th that were substantive legislation that rightly we should have bipartisan support for and did, and I agree with him that the WRDA bill will be one that we could equally wear proudly on our bumper stickers. The point that I was making was that we spent a good portion of the 114th Congress, number one, doing nothing. We didn’t even make any bumper stickers because we weren’t here that often to undertake to do anything. At the very same time, many of the things that we did fell in the category, at least as I perceive it, of being bumper sticker measures: 60plus times repealing the Affordable Care Act, knowing full well that the sitting President was not going to sign anything, so all we did it for was for certain people to have talking points. Now, we are entitled; that is a part of what politics is. But make no mistake about it: we did a lot of bumper sticker legislation in the last session because a lot of it went nowhere, and a lot of it was done during a period that we should have been about the business of substantive legislation. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up a bill that would close a tax loophole that rewards companies for moving jobs overseas and would, instead, provide a tax credit for companies that move jobs back to the United States. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), the bill’s sponsor and my good friend, to discuss our proposal. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule. In the waning days of the 114th Congress, here we are debating a bill once again to roll back Wall Street reforms. This is what it comes down to. How tone deaf can we be? Here is a news flash: the whole country is focused on defending bluecollar jobs, bolstering our industrial manufacturing base. Folks are zoned in on that, focused on that issue. So we need to stop outsourcing now. This Congress should start by defeating the previous question and bringing up the Bring Jobs Home Act. Around 5 million United States manufacturing jobs have been lost since 1994, good paying jobs. Their loss has led to a somewhat demise of the middle class in America. Just ask folks in places like Ohio and Pennsylvania, who have seen steel mills and rubber factories shipped overseas. My hometown of Paterson, New Jersey, was formerly the hub of the textile manufacturing industry, which no longer exists. So why are we subsidizing it? Why are we subsidizing American companies to move to other shores? That is what we are doing. Right now, when companies move overseas, they can take a tax deduction for the cost of the move. That is a huge tax break. How do we defend it and why do we defend it? So the bill that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ) referred to eliminates this tax deduction and gives a tax credit of up to 20 percent of the cost of moving businesses, bringing businesses back to the United States of America through U.S. companies. That seems to me to make more sense. Why are we paying folks to leave when we could be paying them to get back into this country? I don’t know how you disagree with that. The companies would have to add jobs to claim the tax credit. That is the caveat. I think it works. I ask you to consider it. Let’s stop subsidizing companies that ship jobs overseas and start bringing jobs back to our shores. Let’s stop talking about it. Let’s do something about it. Mr. Speaker, it doesn’t get much simpler than that. This is not a new idea at all. President Obama and the Democrats in Congress have raised this bill for years, and the Republican Congress has blocked the bill at every turn. Senator STABENOW of Michigan leads this bill in the Senate, where it cleared a procedural vote 93–7 in 2014. I challenge you today to take up and pass the bill, to stand up for American manufacturing and the workers here at home who need help. Don’t be all talk. Step up to the plate. Take a stand where it counts. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question so we can bring up the Bring Jobs Home Act and start bringing jobs back to the United States of America, the greatest country in the world. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, the underlying bill, has nothing to do with Wall Street and everything to do with consumers, so I respectfully disagree with my colleague from New Jersey. I know that it would be good for them to try to characterize this bill as something having to do with Wall Street, but it really has to do with you and me and the average people in this country. I listened to his remarks about his proposal regarding doing things to try to keep American companies from going abroad and doing everything we can to attract other companies abroad, whether they are U.S. based or not, to come back here. That sounds a whole lot like what Presidentelect Trump is saying, and I think it is pretty clear that that is going to be a big priority for him when we come back in January. Now, we had been talking about tax reform here in this House, and there is 
a proposal moving forward that is comprehensive that will not only provide the appropriate incentives for American companies to stay here, but also provide incentives for companies that are in other countries to come here and provide jobs for the American people, which is really what this is all about. Our tax reform proposal would actually lower tax rates for everybody in America, and we should be about that as well. Instead, our friends on the other side of the aisle, every time we talk about tax reform, they want to stick some tax increases in there. The American people don’t want a tax increase. They are tired of tax increases. They are tired of the overextension of the Federal Government, and they are tired of ceding control over things in America to international governments and groups. What the underlying bill does is it keeps control over our domestic insurance market here in America and doesn’t give that control, doesn’t give any of that authority to people in other countries. I listened with interest to the remarks that were just made. I am looking forward to Presidentelect Trump being President Trump so that we can have a comprehensive approach to keeping American businesses here and attracting more businesses here for more jobs. I believe that is exactly what we are going to see during this very exciting year to come. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. As my friend from Alabama knows, we are currently debating the rule. This is a tool used to set the House’s agenda and to prioritize consideration of legislation. For that very reason, this is, in fact, the appropriate time for us to explain to the American people what legislation we would like to prioritize and what agenda we would like to pursue in this House. That is why we have a previous question. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman will also be pleased to learn that our amendment does not prevent the House from considering the majority’s bill. Our amendment simply allows the House to consider our bill as well. As Mr. PASCRELL pointed out, it is not as if this isn’t something that hasn’t been brought up for the last 2 years; and therefore, I join the gentleman in his excitement about the possibilities going forward of us being able to address this legislation, but now is the time that we can do it if we were to vote the previous question as requested. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me reiterate that the bill before us is unnecessary; it is a waste of valuable time; and if it were ever to be enacted into law, which I predict it won’t, it would be harmful to our country’s fiscal well being. Let me go back and put a caveat there. It won’t become the law in the 114th session. It may very well pass the 115th session. We need to protect and wisely continue to implement commonsense regulations and oversight passed in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis to ensure it doesn’t happen again. I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule and the underlying measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I want to go back to some remarks I made at the very beginning. No one wants to see a repeat of the Great Recession. It harmed everybody in this country. But in response to it, by passing the DoddFrank law, which this provision is going to try to affect, we essentially took a liberal grab bag of ideas that have been hanging around for years and just threw it into a bill and then tried to pretend that somehow that was going to have something to do with preventing a future recession. b1300 Virtually everything that is in the DoddFrank law has nothing to do with preventing a future recession, and the particular provision that we are talking about with the underlying bill has nothing to do with preventing a future recession. What it does do is take the bill we have right now—not the underlying bill but the law we have right now—and take authority away from the American people. We have sat back the last several years and watched this administration go through negotiation and agreement after agreement that were bad for the American people. My colleague and I have agreed over and over again that the Iran deal was a bad deal for the American people. So why would we continue to cede control to foreign governments and groups? I think the election that we just had was, in part, about taking control of our country back—taking it back from Federal overreach and taking it back from ceding authority to people in other countries. This bill, the underlying bill that this rule deals with, gets that authority back for the American people and gets the control back to the States, where it has been successful for 150 years. That is what is good for the American people, and that is why we have chosen to bring this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, I, again, urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 944 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the lime will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he 
then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Public Law 102–477 established what is commonly known as the 477 program to foster employment and economic development in Indian country. This highly successful program authorizes tribal governments to consolidate up to 13 different Federal grant programs into a single plan with a single budget and a single reporting system. Current participants in the program have significantly improved effectiveness of the delivery of services included in the 477 plan, while lowering administrative costs. These cost savings have been translated into more and better direct services for their communities. H.R. 329 will build on this success by permanently authorizing the program, by increasing the scope and availability of participating Federal grant programs, and by setting a streamlined process for tribes to follow. I want to congratulate Chairman YOUNG for his tireless work on this legislation and for putting together a piece of legislation that we should always consider and for bringing together all of the stakeholders to address the concerns and find a workable solution. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge passage of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my concerns with H.R. 329. While the legislation seeks to provide additional flexibility and support to Indian tribes—a worthy goal—I remain concerned that it could have the effect of weakening the services provided to families and children in Indian tribes. Currently, Indian tribes have the option to consolidate certain federal funding streams related to work and job training into one grant. H.R. 329 includes a number of changes to this consolidation option and expands the number of programs that can be consolidated. 
The legislation could be interpreted in an overly broad fashion resulting in the inclusion of programs that may not be appropriate to include—programs or services only ‘‘relating to’’ job training, skill development, and economic development, or other related goals. The Education and the Workforce Committee, on which I serve as Ranking Member, was given a sequential jurisdictional referral on this legislation, but has not considered the legislation nor considered its impact on education and training programs within our jurisdiction. Specifically, our Committee has an interest in ensuring that program funds are used for their intended purpose. Whether the TANF program or Head Start, adequate reporting and oversight protect beneficiaries and ensure the quality of services. For example, Head Start performance standards are vital to the success of the program. While I do not intend to oppose the legislation, I encourage continued robust oversight of the programs impacted by this bill to ensure that quality and effective education and job training programs remain available to our nation’s tribes. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 329, the Indian Employment, Training, and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015. In particular, I’m grateful for the opportunity I had to work with Representative YOUNG and the Natural Resources Committee to address some concerns I had with a previous version of the bill, and I’m grateful for the collaborative effort between our two committees so this bill can move forward today. Under current law, Indian tribes can combine funding for employment, training, and related services to streamline their administration of social service programs—often referred to as ‘‘section 477 demonstration projects.’’ Many times the dollar amounts received from the individual programs are rather small, so being able to combine funds with similar purposes allows tribes to achieve more effective economies of scale. However, in recent years these tribes have run into challenges as they have sought to operate these demonstration projects to best serve their members. The goal of H.R. 329 is to clarify confusion related to these demonstration projects, increase the flexibility Indian tribes have in consolidating these programs, and ensure accountability of taxpayer dollars. While I agreed with the general intent of the prior version of this bill, I was concerned that it may have unintentionally undermined important requirements in current law for programs under Ways and Means jurisdiction, such as TANF and child care. To balance the goal of increased flexibility for tribes with appropriate oversight and accountability, I asked Representative YOUNG to amend the text to ensure the bill would not: Undermine important rules regarding how funds appropriated for specific purposes can be used; Eliminate requirements specifying how the spending of consolidated funds must be accounted for; and Change how funds authorized by the Ways and Means Committee are treated for matching purposes. First, I’m glad this bill now reiterates that agencies providing funding to tribes have the authority to approve or deny waivers of key program provisions. For example, this would mean the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) could deny an Indian tribe’s request to use federal child care funds for the purchase or improvement of land, as such use of child care funds is not permitted under current law. HHS could also forbid a tribe from using federal TANF funds to pay for medical services, something states and tribes are not permitted to do under current law. At the same time, agencies and departments, like HIS, are encouraged to waive program requirements when they will assist the tribe in streamlining the administration of their social service programs to better serve their members, as long as they don’t undermine the central purposes for which the money was originally appropriated. Second, there was some concern that the bill would eliminate requirements that tribes report how they spend funds consolidated in section 477 projects. Mr. YOUNG has modified the bill to reiterate that tribes must report how funds are spent, but that they will not be required to report spending by specific program. Since 2011, a tribal working group has worked diligently to simplify tribal financial reporting, and the group has recently agreed upon a unified financial report that allows tribes to report by category, instead of by program. This form allows taxpayers to understand broadly how dollars are spent, without requiring tribes to maintain complex accounting systems necessary to report on spending per the rules for each separate program. This form is now in use, and I hope this working group, or future iterations of it, will continue to engage, as needed, to ensure this form adequately serves all stakeholders in the same manner. Third, the earlier version of this bill allowed tribes operating section 477 projects to count federal funding received through HHS and the Department of Labor (DOL) to count as tribal spending for matching purposes. Because this would have allowed tribes to use federal funds as match to draw down additional federal dollars—and because it would have advantaged tribes operating these demonstrations compared to those not operating these demos—I asked that this language not apply to funding administered by HHS and DOL. Mr. YOUNG  agreed to incorporate this change, and I’m grateful for his willingness to do so. Finally, I’m glad we could work together to restore language in the bill regarding coordination between the Department of the Interior and other departments as these projects are approved. It is important that agencies work together to ensure tribes have the flexibility they need to streamline their services, while maintaining a balance between flexibility and accountability. Together, these changes will support tribes as they seek to better serve their members, while maintaining appropriate accountability of taxpayer dollars and ensuring funds are used to meet the goals for which they were appropriated. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 329, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYSTEM BOUNDARIES REVISION Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6400) to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6400 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPLACEMENT OF JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYSTEM MAP. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6400, introduced by my colleague, Mr. PALLONE , makes boundary adjustments to multiple units of the Coastal Barrier Resources System along the coast of his New Jersey congressional district. I have no objection to this bill and compliment the gentleman for introducing the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, under the Coastal Barrier Resources Act—or CoBRA—the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service identifies hazardous areas on 
the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts, and submits maps to Congress recommending that we make Federal subsidies off limits to people who choose to develop those lands. This is a commonsense, scientific, fiscally conservative way to protect private property and public infrastructure, while also ensuring that taxpayers do not have to foot the bill for risky coastal development. In this time of rising sea levels and increased storm surge brought on by climate change, CoBRA is becoming more and more important every day. H.R. 6400 would adjust the boundaries of several Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey, including one that contains an important flood control structure. These changes have been carefully mapped by the Fish and Wildlife Service, and reflect improvements in technology that have allowed us to show with great accuracy which parcels of land do and do not constitute ‘‘coastal barrier resources’’ under the law. As a result, numerous properties that were originally included by mistake will be removed, and other properties that have been identified as atrisk will be included. These changes to the C.B.R.S. are protective of private property rights, the environment, and the taxpayers, and I support passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the author of the bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6400. This bill is extremely important to my constituents, especially those living in Union Beach, New Jersey. Passing this bill will allow the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to move forward on an important flood control project for Union Beach. H.R. 6400 would realign the mapping of several New Jersey units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resource System. Congressional approval is required for any changes to these maps by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Over the past year, the Fish and Wildlife Service worked with the Corps to make noncontroversial changes to the mapping, completed its review, and transmitted them to Congress on November 21 of this year. Until these maps are approved by Congress, Mr. Speaker, the Union Beach flood control project will be in limbo. The Corps cannot sign a project partnership agreement or make other progress until the updated maps are approved. Union Beach was devastated by Superstorm Sandy, and residents have been waiting far too long for this project to be completed. It was initially authorized by the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 on November 8, 2007, and funding and authorization for the project came from Sandy relief funding in 2013. Moving forward on this project is a priority for the State of New Jersey, local authorities in Union Beach, and the Army Corps; however, that can only be done if Congress approves the new maps, which it can do by passing H.R. 6400. Again, passing this bill is vitally important. It is noncontroversial. I want to thank Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member GRIJALVA , and House leadership for allowing this legislation to be considered under suspension of the rules. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6400. The people of Union Beach have waited long enough to rebuild and protect their community from future storms. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I would like to compliment the gentleman from New Jersey. I do hope he understands that this is his district and I will support his legislation. I would like to have him do the same thing when I bring legislation to the floor that only affects my district. So, with courtesy to him, I will urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DOLD). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6400. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CHICANO PARK PRESERVATION ACT Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3711) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Chicano Park, located in San Diego, California, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3711 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Chicano Park Preservation Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, located in the Barrio Logan community of San Diego, Chicano Park is a 7.4acre parcel known for its display of nearly 50 vibrant murals depicting the history, culture, and its civil rights movement. b1315 Residents secured the creation of the park in 1970 by protesting the construction of a parking lot on the vacant land the city previously promised for the development of the community park. After successfully taking over the land, artists painted dozens of vibrant murals on the pillars and ramps of the San DiegoCoronado Bay Bridge located in the park, creating the largest concentration of these murals in the world. H.R. 3711 authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to evaluate the national significance of the park, determine the suitability and feasibility of designating it as a national historic landmark or affiliated area of the National Park Service through a special resource study. The bill prohibits the Secretary from considering any options that result in the Federal acquisition of the park. I urge adoption of this bill, H.R. 3711. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ). 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues for their support of H.R. 3711, the Chicano Park Preservation Act. Again, I thank the chairman for those kind words about the park. I appreciate it very much. Ranking member, thank you again for allowing me to be here to support moving this legislation forward. Chicano Park is a historic park under the San DiegoCoronado Bridge that embodies the spirit of the Hispanic culture in San Diego. As was said, in the spring of 1970, the Barrio Logan community in San Diego united to advocate for the community park and, with the support of the city and State officials, the park was born. Since then, the park has been transformed by worldrenowned muralists who have adorned the freeway pillars with breathtaking murals, sculptures, and architectural pieces that tell the story of the Hispanic community in San Diego. Chicano Park is home to the largest collection of outdoor murals, 89 of them, in the country, in addition to various sculptures, earthworks, and an architectural piece dedicated to the cultural heritage of the community. The murals are recognized at the local, State, and national levels as historical, cultural, and public art. This legislation, as was said, authorizes a special resource study of Chicano Park and its murals to evaluate the feasibility of the park becoming a national historic landmark or an Affiliated Area of the National Park Service. It is also interesting that now the community has taken it on as a community park. Unfortunately, the area has very few parks, and this is one of the places where the community now, since 1970, has been coming and having picnics there with their families, their children, and it has become really a wonderful opportunity for the people that live in the community. Even more than that, if you go there on a Saturday, you will find artists and different people from throughout the State, and Arizona, and other places coming to look at the murals and to look at the art. It is quite a vibrant area. If you take a look at some of the things that are sold in the area, you will see Tshirts and you will see lots of cultural food. It has become a wonderful place for everyone to come together. So I appreciate very much the opportunity here, and I thank the ranking member, and especially the chairman, for this opportunity. Again, I encourage them to come to the park. It is not quite as grand as some of the things in Alaska, and I look to going to Alaska some day because I have only seen them in the pictures. Again, I thank you for your kind words about the park. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers on this legislation. I do urge the passage of the legislation as a classic example of where people are working together to have a place to rest and save some great art. I congratulate the gentleman for introducing the legislation. So I urge the passage of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill will permit the National Park Service to study and evaluate the Chicano Park for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places and possibly to become an affiliated site of the agency. Chicano Park has come to represent not only the civil rights struggles and victories for the residents of the Barrio Logan community, but has become a center for discussions around civil rights movements for all Mexican Americans today. Today, this space has become a vibrant expression of the history and concerns of the community and, because of their efforts, I know it will continue to remain a relevant site for generations to come. I am glad to see that this community will receive the national recognition it deserves. I thank my colleague, Congressman VARGAS , for introducing this bill, and I am very pleased to see that we are able to move this through the House expeditiously. I would also like to, one day, visit Alaska, but at this point in time I urge adoption of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I would assure both gentlemen, Alaska will welcome you on a visit. I hope to visit both of their communities in the future. The only way we can get things done around here is if we understand your locations, your people, and what you will treasure, as I do in my State of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3711, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 232, noes 180, not voting 21, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Crenshaw Ellmers (NC) Fincher Fitzpatrick Forbes Garrett Graves (MO) Honda Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee MacArthur Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Rothfus Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Tiberi Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of this legislation by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). Ensuring VA delivers safe and high quality health care to veterans is an important priority for this committee. This bill will allow Veterans Integrated Service Network directors to contract with civilian accreditation and healthcare evaluation organizations to inspect and investigate VA medical centers. This gives VA another tool to evaluate and improve the quality of care provided at its facilities. VA medical centers are routinely inspected and accredited by recognized organizations in the healthcare world, such as the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospitals and the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities. This bill would allow other organizations to inspect and accredit VA hospitals at VA’s discretion. Since the VA inspector general and Government Accountability Office also routinely conduct investigations, inspections, and audits of VA medical facilities, I would like to emphasize that this bill requires both GAO and the IG to be notified when a VISN chooses to contract with civilian inspection and accreditation organizations. Coordination of efforts with GAO and the IG will avoid duplication and prevent the waste of taxpayer dollars. I also want to emphasize that this authority should not be used to replace the role of the IG and GAO in conducting investigations, inspections, and evaluations of VA medical facilities. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ), who brought this legislation to our committee. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairmanelect ROEfor yielding and for his work on the committee. I have no doubt that he will perform admirably in his new role, and I want to extend my appreciation to him and to Chairman MILLER for their leadership in getting this bill to the floor for consideration. This bill is simple, so I will keep it short. All the bill does is authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to contract with appropriate civilian healthcare accrediting or evaluating groups to investigate the VA medical centers. Our veterans deserve care equal to the finest civilian hospitals, so let’s allow the VA to invite the people who evaluate and accredit those private hospitals to take a look at our VA medical centers when they have problems. This is a commonsense bill that will help improve the care of our veterans who need us the most. I urge passage of this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this important legislation and to join me in passing H.R. 6435. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. MULLIN said, this is a very commonsense piece of legislation. I worked in hospitals for almost four decades that had joint commission supervision. It is a good way. It is best for patient safety. With that, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6435. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMMUNITIES HELPING INVEST THROUGH PROPERTY AND IMPROVEMENTS NEEDED FOR VETERANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5099) to establish a pilot program on partnership agreements to construct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5099 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Communities Helping Invest through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5099, as amended, the Communities Helping Invest Through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016—and that is a mouthful—or the CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016. This bill, sponsored by our colleague Congressman BRAD ASHFORD from Nebraska, would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to accept from certain nonFederal entities up to five donations of either real property that includes a constructed facility or is to be used as a site of a facility constructed by the entity, or a facility to be constructed by the entity on VA real property. Such donation may be accepted only if it is for a project for which funds have been appropriated for a VA facility or is identified as meeting both a VA need as part of the Department’s longrange capital planning process and as the location for a VA facility project that is included on the strategic capital investment plan. VA is one of our government’s largest real property holders; and, considering that the average age of a VA medical building is five times older than the average age of a building in a nonprofit hospital system, VA’s capital needs continue to grow in both cost and complexity. Meanwhile, the high profile scandals and failures that VA’s construction and capital asset program has undergone have been well publicized over the last few years. In April of 2013, the Government Accountability Office found that VA’s major medical facility construction projects, which are already costly, complicated endeavors, experienced cost increases ranging from 66 percent to 427 percent and schedule delays ranging from 14 months to 86 months. Needless to say, it is clear that the time to look for innovative solutions to VA’s capital needs is now. Currently, VA has the authority to accept a donated facility if that facility is already complete; however, it can be challenging to find existing facilities that both meet demonstrated VA need and satisfy all the requirements and mandates that a Federal facility must meet. Allowing VA to accept unconditional donations of real property, improvements, goods, or services from community donors, within certain parameters, could provide a viable solution to meeting VA’s capital needs in an expedient, fiscally responsible manner while allowing communities and individuals the opportunity to step up and contribute in honor of their veteran friends and neighbors in a meaningful way. As chairman in the 115th Congress, I look forward to continuing to aggressively oversee VA’s troubled construction program and to leave no stones unturned when looking for new ways to ensure that VA has facilities they need to provide the services our veterans require. I believe that the pilot program could lay the foundation for doing just that. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5099, as amended, Communities Helping Invest through Property and Improvements Needed for Veterans Act of 2016. Indeed, it is a mouthful but is a very, very important, potentially transformative piece of legislation. Otherwise, we can shorten it down to the CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016, which was introduced by my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Nebraska, BRAD ASHFORD . The bill is a testament to his hard work, as well as many Members and staff on both sides of the Capitol, that we are considering this bill today. This bipartisan legislation will authorize a pilot program, allowing the Department of Veterans Affairs to partner with nonprofit and private donors to build VA hospitals, receive donated land, and acquire other VA facilities so that the VA may continue to serve veterans. Today there are generous donors and organizations ready to pitch in and invest in their community’s willingness to support and serve our veterans. That is why we must take immediate action and pass H.R. 5099, as amended. This bill will permit the VA to accept facilities constructed by donors, land where a future facility will be constructed by a donor, and permit a donor to construct a facility on VA property under an agreement to donate the facility to VA upon completion. It will also preserve VA’s authority to determine need by only allowing projects to move forward under this program based on projects authorized and funded by Congress or included on the VA’s strategic capital investment planning process priority list. This bill is necessary not only because of the Federal Government’s significant budget constraints, but also so that VA has clear authority to undertake these projects and accept donations for the acquisition of facilities. It also allows VA and Congress to determine whether this pilot program that permits the VA and nonFederal organizations to combine resources to construct facilities is a viable future model for the funding and management of major and minor VA construction projects. Thanks to the publicprivate partnerships this legislation will foster, the VA will be able to take meaningful steps in improving its capacity to provide our veterans the quality care they 
deserve at stateoftheart VA facilities, all the while saving American taxpayers millions of dollars in the process. It is the very definition of a win win situation. Mr. Speaker, strengthening the VA and increasing its capacity to provide and coordinate care is one of our highest priorities at the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and I am pleased to support H.R. 5099, as amended, which will only improve VA’s ability to do so. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) for his comments. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, as we are about to conclude this legislative session, I hope everyone here realizes the magnitude of what this bill before us does. Yes, we have got a lot going on. We are distracted. We are eager to finish up business and start a transition period. But, as Congressman TAKANO just said, this is transformative. This creates a blueprint of the architecture for a 21st century VA. And why? As Congressman ROEpointed out, we have had extreme difficulties and complexities and problems in the VA with service delivery as well as budgetary cost overruns. b1430 We have had for a very long time an aging hospital in Omaha. We have had a community that is very eager to find a new innovative way out of this problem. We have a pot of money that has been sitting here for a very long time and will continue to sit here for a very long time unless we become innovative, unless we do something different. That is what Congressman ASHFORD  has done with the rest of the Federal delegation from Nebraska, including Senator FISCHER . He has come up with an innovative transformative model that will create a new center of excellence based on a publicprivate partnership, using existing Federal moneys, using a base of community support that has already come forward looking to help the VA better integrate with the private facilities that already exist in the community of Omaha, which are quite extraordinary. As Congressman TAKANO said, this is a winwinwin. I want to congratulate my friend and colleague, Congressman ASHFORD , for his extraordinary leadership and vision in this regard as well as the integrity to stay with it until the very end. We have had some complexities along the way, but it is my hope, Mr. Chairman, particularly as you take over the reins of the entire committee, that you will help us implement this rapidly, as I know you will, because it is a transformative mechanism by which we are going to deliver the highest and best possible care for our veterans back home. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ), who had the tenacity to stick it through and bring this legislation finally in this form to the floor. Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member TAKANO , Chairman ROE, certainly Chairman M ILLER , and Mr. Speaker for bringing this important bill up for a vote today. H.R. 5099, the CHIP IN for Vets Act, was introduced by myself and others in the House and by my good friend and colleague, Senator DEBFISCHER , in the United States Senate. There is an identical bill in the Senate awaiting action as we speak. As has been suggested and mentioned, this bill allows for the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into donation agreements with community groups in order to complete VA construction projects. This is a new and innovative idea not necessarily brought to this body by myself, but by so many other people, as has been mentioned, who have worked on this bill for literally 2 years. I appreciate my good friend, Congressman FORTEN BERRY from Lincoln, Nebraska, for his comments and his ability to hold me back from time to time as we proceeded down this course. I think when we started out with this process, what I was focused on was the idea that in our own communities it is veterans who can make those tough decisions as to what their needs are. Nobody better than our veterans understands those needs. What this bill will allow us to do is to combine community donors with veterans to actually involve themselves together in the development of these projects. Certainly in Omaha, in my community in Iowa, and Nebraska area, we have had a need for such a renovated facility for many, many years. My bill, I believe, empowers our veterans. It puts an end to the decades long wait for hundreds of thousands of veterans in my area who have been promised new facilities. I think, as clearly as Congressman FORTENBERRY , Ranking Member TAKANO , and Chairman ROEmentioned, that this really does open up opportunities for VA facilities across the entire country and starts the course moving forward. Let me just conclude by thanking so many of you. I would be here much longer than 5 minutes if I were going to name everyone, but certainly I appreciate my cosponsors, Congressman WALZ from Minnesota, Congressman FORTENBERRY , Congressman S MITH from Nebraska, Congressman DAVE YOUNG from across the river in Iowa. I thank Chairman MILLER , who gave me the opportunity to discuss, even on weekends, some of the positive elements of what we were trying to do in Nebraska. Lastly, thanks to the staff and certainly my staff leader on this bill, Denise Fleming. I am going to be in the House only a few more weeks, but I can’t say that she is actually welcoming me leaving, but she certainly has been a tenacious advocate and has worked very, very hard. There have been other staff members as well, and certainly they have all added a tremendous amount to this bill: Christine Hill and Grace Rodden most particularly. Moving this bill ensures that Senator FISCHER ’s bill, which is now in the Senate, can move in the Senate and become law so we can begin this project now. My friends in Omaha, in Nebraska, and Iowa are ready to donate what is necessary to unleash, as Mr. FORTENBERRY suggests, the money that has already been appropriated for our Omaha facility. Lastly, I would like to thank the Secretary of the Veterans Administration, Robert McDonald. I met Bob McDonald 2 years ago about just now when I was coming in to Congress. I suggested to him that we needed something to be done in Omaha, and I also suggested that I thought that our donor community and our veterans community would work together on an innovative publicprivate partnership to enable some sort of new way, some sort of center of excellence to develop; and certainly Secretary McDonald and his team have been great and have been so incredibly helpful in moving this along. Lastly, again, I thank my colleague and friend actually from our years together in the unicameral legislature in Nebraska, DEBFISCHER , whose staff has been tireless and helpful in this matter. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ), my good friend, to speak on this issue. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in support of H.R. 5099, the bipartisan CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016, which is sponsored by my colleague from across the river, Congressman BRADASHFORD in Nebraska. Our veterans make great sacrifices in defense of our freedoms, and it is incumbent upon us to provide them with the best possible health care when they return home. Now, many of our Department of Veterans Affairs facilities are aging. They are in need of upgrades and repair, some complete overhauls, yet cost overruns and significant delays trouble VA construction programs and hinder work on other VA facilities in need of improvements. The CHIP IN for Vets Act of 2016 seeks to address some of these problems by authorizing the VA to carry out a 5year pilot program examining the feasibility of leveraging private donations to construct new VA facilities, that publicprivate partnership. This is a new way of doing things and a unique opportunity for the taxpayer and for veterans. This bill could help facilities—and it will—like the Omaha VA Medical Center, which serve my constituents in Iowa as well as those in Nebraska. Now, I appreciate my colleague’s work, Congressman ASHFORD , for pushing this bill along. I was proud to sign 
on as a cosponsor. Congressman ASHFORD has shown great leadership and tenacity in getting this bill over the finish line. That is what he came here to do, to get things done. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to add some more comments about the legislation that we are about to pass. I concur in and associate myself with the remarks of my colleague from Nebraska, Mr. FORTENBERRY . I certainly want to extend my appreciation to the majority for its generosity of spirit in this particular case. If there is anything that fills me with great hope that we can restore the esteem of this great institution in the eyes of the American people, it is when we pass legislation such as Mr. ASHFORD ’s bill today. We rose above politics—both sides rose above politics—to do the right thing for veterans. It was our regard for veterans that brought us together. It is fitting that this action is happening in the heartland of our country. This is no small measure today. The American people do not really see the drama. It looks very effortless about what we are going to do because it is going to be voice voted. No real big drama is going to play out in front of everybody, but I am going to tell you that Republicans and Democrats worked together. I want to congratulate and show my appreciation to my whip, Mr. HOYER . He worked his relationships with some Members on the other side in the Senate, and it showed that we shouldn’t be so hasty to move our more senior Members so quickly out of their positions because these relationships matter after so many years. I will go more into detail with anyone who cares to know more about it later. Mr. MCCARTHY, of my home State of California, my own Leader PELOSI , and staff on both sides of the aisle worked tirelessly to bring this bill. We are about to head home for the holiday season, and I can’t think of a greater gift that we can give—well, I can think of a lot of greater gifts, but this is a very important gift that we are going to give. It is truly a potentially transformative piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. I just want to encourage all of my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation and join me in passing H.R. 5099, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I, too, want to associate myself with the remarks of all the speakers and thank Mr. ASHFORD for his perseverance in bringing this, along with Mr. FORTENBERRY on our side and Chairman MILLER and Ranking Member TAKANO . This is the way we are going to have to do this more. There is a finite amount of money we have. There is a finite amount of money we can provide for services, and looking for publicprivate partnerships, as my city in Johnson City, Tennessee, is doing right now with other projects. I think this is a model for what could go on in the country. I have a CBOC in my district where the local mayor provided use at a hospital for a dollar a year for the VA to have the VA facility there. I think that is going on in Nebraska right now. They are trying to see that happen. We need to be thinking about how we can provide these facilities to serve these great veterans who have served our country. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5099, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1445 TO RESEARCH, EVALUATE, ASSESS, AND TREAT ASTRONAUTS ACT Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6076) to require the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to establish a program for the medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of astronauts, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6076 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘To Research, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astronauts Act’’ or the ‘‘TREAT Astronauts Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN) and the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 6076, the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for over 50 years, the United States of America has asked its bravest to travel to space in service of their country. From the dynamic launch environment to the unforgiving vacuum of space, to the energetic reentry of Earth, human spaceflight places astronauts in challenging environments. Even training for spaceflight carries significant risks. I am very proud to say that I represent a great number of these astronauts who call Houston their home. As a nation, we have an obligation to those whom we put in harm’s way. As a Congress, we have a responsibility to provide for the treatment of conditions caused by Federal service. As a healthcare professional myself, and as their Representative, you can say it is my duty to make sure that these folks are taken care of properly. This is why I have sponsored H.R. 6076, the TREAT Astronauts Act, a very commonsense, fiscally responsible, bipartisan bill that makes sure that our brave men and women who venture into space receive the support for medical issues associated with their service. The psychological and medical data associated with an astronaut’s human spaceflight service is very important for our future space endeavors. The TREAT Astronauts Act will provide this additional data and will enable NASA to better understand the medical risks of spaceflight, minimize 
these risks, and enable future longduration missions to Mars and even beyond. I am very thankful to Chairman LAMAR SMITH for his support of the TREAT Astronauts Act and for his leadership as chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I am also very glad that my colleague, Ms. EDWARDS , is an original cosponsor and that the bill was reported out of committee by a voice vote with broad bipartisan support. The amendment before us today represents compromise language agreed upon with the Senate in good faith that this language will be included and passed in a NASA Authorization Act before the 114th Congress recesses. The program established under this compromise language is very similar to the program that passed out of the committee. In developing this bill, my staff and I had extensive discussions with former astronauts, NASA, and a number of other Federal agencies. The TREAT Astronauts Act is also informed by a hearing the Space Subcommittee held back in June, at which a number of former astronauts testified, including Captain Scott Kelly, who spent a year on the International Space Station. Under existing statutes, NASA has the authority to collect voluntary astronaut medical data for research. It exercises that authority through the Lifetime Surveillance of Astronaut Health program, or LSAH. However, there are limitations on the usefulness of the LSAH program. Former astronaut participation is only 61 percent and the existing LSAH program only affords NASA access to yearly checkup data, not the entirety of the former astronauts’ medical records. Furthermore, NASA is unable to provide for the appropriate diagnosis and treatment under the existing authority to conduct research. The TREAT Astronauts Act solves this problem by supplementing existing authorities. Congress would be remiss not to ensure that the TREAT Astronauts Act is fiscally responsible. The TREAT Astronauts Act is not a mandate and is subject to existing discretionary appropriations. In order to address cost risks, the bill establishes NASA as a secondary payer to existing obligations of the United States or third parties, ensuring that the cost to NASA is minimal. Establishing NASA as a secondary payer is not unprecedented. For example, the Department of Defense is a secondary payer to veteran and civilian healthcare programs. Allow me to make this clear for the record. Although NASA is a secondary payer, the TREAT Astronauts Act provides that no participating former astronaut or payload specialist will have to pay for anything out of pocket, including deductibles and copayments associated with the primary payer. There are a number of reporting requirements, including an independent cost estimate and an annual fiscal report. These reports will ensure that Congress is well informed and able to conduct appropriate oversight. Participation in the program is voluntary. No astronaut should be forced or coerced to participate in this program. In the event that an astronaut chooses not to participate in the program, there are still other occupational healthcare options available to them. But if they do participate, the astronauts have consented that NASA can use and disclose the data they collect, subject to protecting their personally identifiable health information. In conclusion, I strongly support the TREAT Astronauts Act, and I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense, fiscally responsible, bipartisan bill that makes sure that our brave men and women who venture into space receive the support for medical issues associated with their service. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6076, as amended, the TREAT Astronauts Act. The Housepassed, bipartisan NASA Authorization Act of 2015 set the long term goal of sending humans to the surface of Mars. The amendments to the TREAT Astronauts Act being considered today will help provide the research results needed to achieve this goal. As Chairman BABIN noted, the amendment reflects compromise language agreed upon with the Senate in good faith. Committee Ranking Member JOHNSONand I thank Space Subcommittee Chairman BABIN and his staff for working together to achieve bipartisan and bicameral consensus on this amendment. Chairman BABIN and I both want to do the right thing for the health of our current and future astronauts. That is why I was pleased to be a cosponsor of this act to provide for monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of former astronauts. Our astronauts are heroes. They serve this Nation in the face of extreme risks. Some of those risks involve the potential for medical conditions that may not reveal themselves for years or even decades after an astronaut’s service. It is our responsibility to ensure that we, as a nation, acknowledge the risks that these heroes have taken and, in return, provide our astronauts with the medical monitoring and treatment they need. It is also our responsibility to mitigate the risks for future NASA explorers, especially as we put in place the systems and missions to prepare the way for human exploration to Mars. Such risk mitigation requires data about astronauts’ mental and psychological health. H.R. 6076, as amended, maintains the three principles I identified as critical to this legislation in the original bill. The first principle is getting care to former astronauts under this program as soon as possible. NASA has indicated that some former astronauts could already benefit from this new authority. As Chairman BABIN noted, this bill provides NASA with supplementary authority. As such, I would expect that monitoring provided by NASA’s Lifetime Surveillance of Astronaut Health program will continue to be made available to any former astronaut or payload specialist electing not to participate in the program being established by this legislation. The second principle is being respectful of astronaut rights and privacy. As we expand the amount of data collected on former astronaut health, it is important that we place a priority on ensuring the privacy of the data. NASA is tasked to report on how the agency will ensure the privacy of astronauts in the program when data is shared beyond the Federal Government. The third principle is ensuring that the program is in sync with the goal of sending humans to Mars. Expanded data acquired from the monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of former astronauts and former shuttle payload specialists will be invaluable for informing the requirements for new spaceflight medical hardware and developing controls to prevent disease occurrence in the astronaut corps. Mr. Speaker, it is also my hope that Congress and the administration will enable NASA to get to Mars sooner rather than later. As part of that effort, we must establish the safeguards that will get our astronauts there and back safely. Supporting this bill will allow us to stay on that vector. I ask my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas, the author of this bill, for yielding. I also want to say that Congressman BRIAN BABIN is an excellent chairman of the Space Subcommittee of the full Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. Speaker, since NASA selected the first group of astronauts in 1959, more than 300 brave American astronauts have ventured into the cosmos as explorers. In an age when spaceflight has come to seem almost routine, it is easy to overlook how dangerous it is and how little we know about its long term health effects. H.R. 6076, the TREAT Astronauts Act, ensures that our courageous men and women who venture into space receive support for medical issues associated with their service. The TREAT Astronauts Act also will help us better understand the medical science of human spaceflight, enabling 
next generation of explorers to literally go where no man has gone before. I should say where no man or woman has gone before. The TREAT Astronauts Act builds upon NASA’s existing Lifetime Surveillance of Astronaut Health program and will operate within existing NASA resources. It provides for enhanced monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of conditions associated with spaceflight service. I thank Space Subcommittee Chairman BRIAN BABIN again for introducing this legislation and for his persistence in getting us to the point of passage. We wouldn’t be here today without him. I urge my colleagues to support the TREAT Astronauts Act. Before I conclude, Mr. Speaker, I would just like to take a moment to thank the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ), who is a friend and has been the ranking member of the Space Subcommittee for the last 2 years, for her outstanding service to Congress and for being a wonderful contributor to the Science Committee as a whole, and in particular the Space Subcommittee. To almost any subject, she always brings enthusiasm, knowledge, and in this case, an almost unequal dedication to space exploration, which we will continue to appreciate both now and in the future. I just thank her again for, as I said, her many contributions to the committee and the subcommittee and say that I hope she stays in touch with us. She will always be a friend of the committee and many members of this side of the aisle. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I want to share with Chairman SMITH that I am so grateful for his remarks today on the floor. He beat me to the punch, but it has been a pleasure both to work on the committee since the beginning of my time here in the Congress. It is the most fun I think that I have ever had, and I have truly enjoyed the collegial working relationship and friendship that we have shared on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6076, as amended, To Research, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astronauts Act, or the TREAT Astronauts Act. Longduration exposure to microgravity and space radiation can lead to chronic health effects such as muscle atrophy, bone loss, permanent vision impairment, and cancer. However, there is much we still need to understand regarding how the space environment relates to these effects and other critical biological functions, such as immunity and tissue healing, so that appropriate countermeasures can be developed. b1500 This bill, as amended, would provide NASA with the statutory authority to perform monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment for former astronauts for medical or psychological conditions associated with human spaceflight. Through this authorization, NASA would be able to acquire data from a larger set of participants, and the data acquired on former astronauts would be more comprehensive. This bill, as amended, reflects several changes that strengthen and improve the bipartisan bill that passed out of committee in September. In particular, the provision that would sunset the monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment program for former astronauts after 10 years has been removed. In addition, the current version of the bill removes a provision that would have denied a fiscal year’s authorization of appropriations for the program if NASA did not submit an annual report on time. Mr. Speaker, NASA’s astronauts are some of the most accomplished, highly trained, and courageous individuals who serve our Nation in the pursuit of furthering our exploration of outer space. We owe them a debt of gratitude for their willingness to risk their health and their lives in the furtherance of space exploration. I would urge all of the House Members to vote for and pass H.R. 6076, as amended. I too want to join the chairman to express my appreciation and thanks for the services of Congresswoman DONNA  EDWARDS for her leadership in bringing this measure to this point and to her overall leadership as subcommittee ranking member of the Space Subcommittee. She has made many efforts, has led the committee with much understanding, and we certainly will miss her. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I hope that my colleagues will join us in this bipartisan effort to make sure that we can get signed into law the TREAT Act for our current, former, and future astronauts. I would like to close by expressing my gratitude to Chairman LAMAR  SMITH, to Ranking Member E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , and to our Subcommittee Chair BABIN for their graciousness and for their leadership. It has truly been a joy to work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. It is one of the few places in the United States House of Representatives where our charge is really to think about the future, and it is in this spirit that this legislation is in front of us today. I hadn’t anticipated, Mr. Speaker, that I would have a moment on the floor of the House, my last moment on the floor of the House before I depart my service to the United States House of Representatives, but I am grateful for that. As I reflect on the last 8
1⁄2years, it has really been a pleasure, particularly, to work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and to do that in what seems like a contentious environment sometimes but has been a lot of collegiality. As I close my service in the Congress, I am, Mr. Speaker, reminded that, as a little girl, I used to picnic with my father and my mother and my siblings on the west front of the Capitol. My dad was in his Air Force uniform, prepared to go back to work after we had had our little picnic. As little girls, we would run around to the east front of the Capitol, Mr. Speaker, and climb the steps, when you could climb the steps. And we would sit there in between my father and look out on the United States Supreme Court and the Library of Congress. I never would have imagined, Mr. Speaker, that I would have an opportunity to serve in the House of Representatives; and it has been a great privilege and a joy to represent the people of the Fourth Congressional District of Maryland. I wish for my colleagues here in the Congress that, as we approach the 115th Congress, and in the spirit of service to this great Nation, that we work together in service to the Nation. When we come to work every day, Mr. Speaker, people think about things that are big and small; but for a lot of people out there, a lot of our constituents, it is about their health and their life, their safety and their security, the ability of them to raise their children, and to move forward. And I wish that, in the upcoming Congress, that we have an opportunity to do those things together, and that you do. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the staff of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and the Space Subcommittee, Allen Li, Pam Whitney, Dick Obermann; Anne Nelson on the minority staff, and the majority staff for all of their work; to the people who serve in this institution and serve us tremendously, from the Parliamentarians to the stenographers and the Clerk’s staff, and the Marshals Service and the Capitol Police, and all of it, because it makes the trains run, and it means that we can get the job done of the people of the United States. God bless the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I would like to thank our full committee chairman, LAMAR SMITH; our ranking subcommittee member, Ms. EDWARDS from Maryland; and also our ranking member of the full committee, EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON from Texas as well. I would also like to thank my staff and the staff of the full committee, as well as the subcommittee, who have worked so hard to make this bill happen. It was so badly needed for our astronauts. Mr. Speaker, I include a letter from the American Association of Space Explorers into the RECORD . This is signed 
by the president of the American Association of Space Explorers, astronaut Michael LopezAlegria. 
ASSOCIATION OF SPACE  EXPLORERS —USA, Webster, TX, 7 December 2016. Hon. BRIAN BABIN, Chair, Subcommittee on Space, House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BABIN: I am writing on behalf of the U.S. chapter of the international Association of Space Explorers (ASE–USA) to strongly endorse H.R. 6076, the ‘‘To Research, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astronauts’’ (TREAT) Act, that is under consideration by the House of Representatives. Our organization counts over 210 American current and former flown astronauts as its members. Our mission is to provide a forum for professional dialogue among individuals who have flown in space, to promote education in science and mathematics and inspire in students a lifelong commitment to learning, to foster environmental awareness and encourage planetary stewardship, to promote the benefits of space science and exploration and to advocate for international cooperation and operational compatibility in current and future space exploration endeavors. We in the astronaut community applaud your Committee for recognizing the risks inherent in traveling to and exploring space, and for ensuring that the men and women who do so on behalf of our nation receive support for medical issues associated with their service. I urge the House to pass the TREAT Act so that my colleagues and future generations of Americans can continue to explore and expand the frontiers of space and human knowledge, and can return home to Earth suitably protected from the potential medical consequences of those endeavors on behalf of the United States. Sincerely, MICHAEL LOPEZALEGRIA , President. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6076, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
NATIONAL URBAN SEARCH AND RESCUE RESPONSE SYSTEM ACT OF 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2971) to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2971 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Act of 2016’’. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 2971, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking Chairman SHUSTER for his tremendous support and leadership on this issue. For over 8 years, the bipartisan leadership of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has been the driving force behind trying to get these reforms through Congress, and, today, we are closer than ever. I also want to thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO and Ranking Member C ARSONfor their bipartisan support. The House unanimously passed a nearly identical measure earlier this year as part of the FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act, H.R. 1471. Today, when members of the search and rescue teams are federalized and sent across State lines, they don’t know who, if anyone, will pay for their injuries, disabilities, or death. So S. 2971 addresses that issue and clarifies that longstanding concern which has hindered the deployment of critical search and rescue teams between States. Currently, there are 28 USAR teams across the Nation. Members of these teams are crosstrained in areas such as search, rescue, medical, hazardous materials, and logistics. The teams include firefighters, physicians, structural engineers, and first responders, and they are trained and equipped with help from FEMA. While the members of these teams are not Federal, they do not hesitate to respond to disasters in other States. These teams have been deployed over the years to numerous disasters, including the Pentagon and World Trade Center on 9/11, Hurricane Sandy, and, most recently, Hurricane Matthew. The challenge has been that when these team members are federalized, 
they do not have clarity on who would be responsible if they were injured or even killed while performing their jobs. It is amazing that we ask these men and women to go into collapsed structures to search for trapped survivors, risking life and limb, without providing them with clarity when it comes to liability and injuries. The stories of the selfless heroism of these men and women are numerous and humbling. Their work is tireless, physically and emotionally demanding, and nerveracking. In Hurricane Matthew, one team helped make more than 100 rescues in North Carolina alone, including the rescue of a 98yearold hospice patient, when they had to go into areas where the water was 5 to 7 feet above street level, and they could only see the tops of the street signs. In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, a single task force rescued more than 850 individuals in 17 hours from a flooded area overwhelmed by a tidal surge. And there are hundreds more such as these accounts. These heroes play an essential role in the Federal response to national disasters and catastrophes. In addition, the National USAR system benefits our State, local, and regional emergency managers and first responders through training, equipment, and preparedness. The local government and other entities that sponsor the members of the teams should not have to worry about being left vulnerable or exposed by allowing their employees to participate in such a critical national asset. After 8 years, it is time to give men and women who put their lives at risk the liability protections they and their families need and deserve. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I would like to compliment the Senate on passing the bill we passed last week, the 21st Century Cures Act, which will help research and save the lives of many Americans, something we did in a bipartisan fashion. I am pleased that that happened. I rise in support of S. 2971, the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Act of 2016, as amended, which codifies the Urban Search and Rescue Response System. Authorizing the urban search and rescue teams, better known as USAR teams, and codifying protections for team members, such as workers’ comp and liability protections, have been a top priority of mine since I first introduced a bill to do so in 2007, my first year in Congress. I was pleased that the late former Democratic Transportation and Infrastructure Chairman, an outstanding Member, Mr. Oberstar, now deceased, included my USAR language in a bill that was reported from the committee in 2010. Since then, legislation authorizing USAR teams has passed the House several times, and now the Senate has passed one as well. b1515 The 28 urban search and rescue teams that are strategically located across the United States provide timely response when needed in the aftermath of a disaster. In fact, USAR teams can be ready for deployment within 6 hours of being called up. These specialized teams of first responders provide search and rescue services, extraction from structural collapses, and swift, rapid rescue, among other activities, after disaster strikes. Their dedication is truly commendable, as they drop everything in their busy daily lives to come to the prompt assistance of others when needed. It should be noted that USAR teams even respond internationally when assistance is requested. In fact, two USAR teams deployed in the aftermath of Nepal’s earthquakes in 2015 and were responsible for many rescues from structural collapses. It is only appropriate that we ensure that they have the protection they need to perform their jobs as well as the peace of mind that will come from clarity in compensation and liability issues. USAR teams may be composed of firefighters, law enforcement officers, paramedics, engineers, medical professionals, and canine handlers. Often, these team members are civil servants. By extending job protection benefits when activated for Federal service, team members know that their jobs will be waiting at home for them. In addition, it helps USAR teams recruit and retain new members. Tennessee’s USAR, known as Tennessee Task Force One, has a strong commitment to their jobs, and they do an extraordinarily good job. Tennessee Task Force One is based in Memphis, Tennessee, and consists of firefighters, police officers, and civilians; and they responded when called to assist in the aftermath of disasters, such as Hurricane Matthew in South Carolina and, most recently, for the tragic wildfires in our Smoky Mountains. They did so despite the uncertainty of whether they would be covered for any injuries. Their actions are truly heroic, and I applaud them and their dedication. The protections in today’s bill are long overdue, and team members can now rest assured that they will be taken care of if they are injured when performing Federal duties. I am sadly disappointed, though, that the Republican leadership is once again selectively choosing when and when not to enforce its budget rules. The underlying Senate bill we are considering authorized ‘‘such sums as necessary’’ to carry out the USAR system. Despite the House having passed a bill authorizing ‘‘such sums as necessary’’ for the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System earlier this year, we are now told that this authorization violates budget rules and an amendment and further consideration by the Senate is required. As a result, USAR team members must wait another day before we afford them the protections that they deserve. They deserve better, and they deserve laws that will ensure that Congress will appropriate adequate funds to support them and their activities. I thank all the USAR teams for their service, and I thank Mr. BARLETTA for working on this bill as well. I urge my colleagues to support our USAR teams by supporting the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on S. 2971. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2971, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate concurs in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 34) ‘‘An Act to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for other purposes.’’. 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5790) to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5790 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5790, the FBI Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2016, as amended. We have great respect and admiration for the FBI. They do wonderful work. In fact, I was always proud of my grandfather. He was a career FBI agent serving here in the Greater Washington, D.C., area and then up in Pennsylvania for a long period of time. It is because I respect the FBI and its agents that I helped introduce this bill. The whistleblower protections in the FBI have really not kept up with the rest of government. That is why we need a change here. The whistleblowers at the FBI should be treated the same as they are within the rest of the Federal Government, and this simple bill goes to help correct that. H.R. 5790 would clarify Congress’ longstanding intent to protect whistleblowers when they make disclosures to the same supervisors who have the power to take personnel actions against them. While a great many changes remain to be made in how the Department of Justice and the FBI respond to whistleblowers, this clarification is not a minor one. If implemented, it would have farreaching implications in protecting whistleblowers at the FBI just as Congress intended in 1978 in the Whistleblower Protection Act. The FBI Director, Mr. Comey, testified a year ago in the Senate that he ‘‘very much’’ supports legal protections for FBI employees who follow FBI’s own policies and report wrongdoing to their supervisors. Similarly, the Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, testified: ‘‘We certainly support protecting those who report within their chain of command.’’ I want to thank, in particular, the Senate Judiciary Committee, and specifically Chairman CHUCK GRASSLEY for his leadership in first introducing this version of the bill. We are also grateful for the support of my colleagues, including Representative HAKEEM  JEFFRIES , who joined me as the lead Democrat on this bill in this House. I also want to particularly thank ELIJAH CUMMINGS , the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, a great friend and colleague and somebody who also has been very supportive of the passage of this bill. I thank him for his work and commitment on this issue. Mr. CUMMINGS , personally and through his dedicated staff, continually has worked hand in hand on whistleblower protections, and this is no exception. Together, we have sent the message throughout the Federal Government that protecting whistleblowers is not a partisan issue, and passing this bill will not mark the end of the road for reforming whistleblower protections at the FBI. In fact, in the next Congress, I look forward to addressing other issues raised by the whistleblower community in the GAO as well as the Department of Justice. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5790, as amended. This bill will provide FBI employees with protection for blowing the whistle to a supervisor and make it a prohibited personnel practice to retaliate against a whistleblower for making such a disclosure. This bill will also ensure that FBI employees are protected when they blow the whistle to certain other individuals, including the Inspector General of the Department of Justice and the Office of Special Counsel. These small improvements to protect FBI whistleblowers are why I support this measure before us. The version of this bill that was reported by the Oversight and Government Reform Committee would have done much more to protect the whistleblowers at the FBI than the measure before us today. The introduced version of this bill would have strengthened the whistleblower protections for FBI employees by more closely aligning them with those of the rest of the Federal workforce. For example, it would have strengthened the appeals process for whistleblowers by requiring appellate review by the Attorney General and giving employees access to the courts. It would have defined prohibited personnel practices to be consistent with those of other Federal employees, and it would have prohibited the use of nondisclosure agreements unless the employee was fully aware of his or her rights before signing such an agreement. We should work to enact these additional improvements in the next Congress. All employees deserve strong whistleblower protections, including the employees of the FBI. Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my ranking member, Mr. CUMMINGS , and to our chair of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, thank you for the hearings and the dedicated work to ensure that our FBI agents are protected in any case of whistleblowing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, Mrs. LAWRENCE . I want to thank the ranking member, Mr. CUMMINGS . This is a good, bipartisan issue. It is really a nonpartisan issue. It is to protect Federal employees within the FBI so that they can have the whistleblower protections that, really, most of the rest of the government has, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5790, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
TRANSPARENT INSURANCE STANDARDS ACT OF 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 944, I call up the bill (H.R. 5143) to provide greater transparency and congressional oversight of international insurance standards setting processes, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 944, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the 
text of Rules Committee Print 114–68, is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5143 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016’’. 
Parties representing the United States at the Financial Stability Board of the Group of Twenty on matters, and in meetings, related to insurance and financial stability shall consult with, and seek to include in such meetings, the State insurance commissioners. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. b1530 Mr. HENSARLING. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016. Introduced by my good friend and colleague, the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee of our committee, BLAINE LUETKEMEYER , H.R. 5143 enhances Congress’ constitutional oversight of international deliberations relating to insurance standards. Mr. Speaker, again, this is legislation which is about accountability, transparency, and oversight. More specifically, the legislation establishes a series of requirements to be met before the Federal Insurance Office or the Federal Reserve may agree to accept, establish, enter into, or consent to the adoption of a final international insurance standard. Permit me to go into greater detail. First, the Federal Insurance Office and the Fed must publish any proposed final standard and allow for public comment. A public comment is critical to our negotiating posture, Mr. Speaker. In so doing, the involved agencies must provide a joint analysis of the impact the standard will have on consumers and the U.S. insurance markets. Before agreeing to any international standard relating to capital, the Fed is required to first promulgate its domestic capital standard rule. The bill makes similar requirements for negotiations concerning insurance covered agreements. It sets negotiating objectives for U.S. parties and also mandates that the Federal Insurance Office and the Fed report and testify before Congress twice annually. Finally, H.R. 5143 ensures that the independent member with insurance expertise who sits on the Financial Stability Oversight Council, known as FSOC, is permitted to assist the FSOC in international discussions and attend meetings of international bodies where insurance standards are discussed. Mr. Speaker, for almost 150 years, U.S. insurance companies of every type—including propertycasualty, life, reinsurance, health, and auto—have been primarily regulated by our States. Congress and the States have occasionally reviewed the effectiveness of the Statebased regulation of insurance and coordinated efforts to achieve greater regulatory uniformity. In 1949, Congress passed the McCarranFerguson Act, which confirmed the States’ regulatory authority over insurance, except where Federal law expressly provides otherwise. Mr. Speaker, this changed with the passage of the DoddFrank Act in 2010. DoddFrank changed the insurance landscape and further enlarged the Federal Government’s role in the insurance industry by creating a Federal office specifically tasked with insurance matters. DoddFrank established the Federal Insurance Office at Treasury and charged its director with representing the interest of U.S. insurers during negotiations of international agreements. Among other things, H.R. 5143 seeks to prevent any Federal overreach and establishes essential guardrails for the Federal Government when discussing international insurance issues abroad. The bill is not intended to bring international negotiations to any type of halt. Team USA has experienced victories at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, and has kept Congress informed of its intent to negotiate the first of what could be many covered agreements. However, we should not underestimate the importance of these conversations or the implications they can have on insurers and the American consumers because they need to be heard and they need to be represented. As the leader of a Missouribased midsized insurance company has told our committee, Mr. Speaker: 
We worry about the potential negative impacts any international agreement could have on the domestic marketplace or the Statebased regulatory system that has served consumer and insurance needs for more than a century. 
Congress should conduct strong oversight in this area in order to protect domestic insurance markets, companies, and especially their policy holders. 
Strong oversight and transparency are, indeed, absolutely essential, and that is what we get with this bill. It is simply imperative that our States, the executive branch, and Congress work cooperatively to signify to the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, the Financial Stability Board, and to foreign governments that we will only lend our name to standards and agreements that benefit U.S. consumers. The bill we are considering today will assuredly lead us to this goal. Again, H.R. 5143 provides greater transparency, allows for a stronger Team USA in negotiations, and sends a signal to foreign governments and international organizations that the United States will lead and not be led into bad agreements. With the greater congressional oversight the bill provides, we can ensure that any deal that is reached will be a fair deal, and a good deal, for the American people. Again, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKE MEYER ), for his leadership, yet again, on bringing an excellent bill to the House floor. I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, here we go again. Last week, the majority made it clear that it was just getting started with the special interest giveaways at the expense of financial stability and consumer protection. Now, before we adjourn, we are here to debate one last holiday gift to Wall Street. This bill’s gift is less oversight of the largest insurers in the United States, which will put us at risk for another AIG. Don’t forget, AIG was bailed out to the tune of $182 billion. While Democrats passed Wall Street reform to prevent another crisis and future bailouts, Chairman HENSARLING  and Donald Trump have made it clear that DoddFrank is on the chopping block. Without the safeguards in Dodd Frank, a lack of capital standards for large insurance companies will put our economy at risk. No one should be surprised at what is taking place here. This is Donald Trump’s agenda. Despite promises to hold Wall Street accountable, the Presidentelect is proposing an administration that is heavy on Wall Street insiders. Their plans will do little to help the millions of Americans struggling to get ahead, but that is by design. Because ‘‘Trumpism’’ isn’t really about helping the middle class. It is about lining the pockets of some of our biggest banks and insurance companies. AIG, as I mentioned, is a poster child of the financial crisis. It engaged in financial activities that more closely resemble investment banking than traditional insurance. Prior to the crisis, State regulators, which have primary jurisdiction over insurance companies, did not effectively account for AIG’s activities related to credit derivatives or securities lending, for example, which allowed it to skate by with minimum capital. When AIG’s bets on subprime mortgagebacked securities failed, it collapsed and required a taxpayer bailout. Recall that we bailed out AIG because it was a counterparty to nearly all of the largest global banks; meaning that if AIG failed, it would bring down a series of global megabanks with it. So under DoddFrank, we improved the oversight of insurance companies by giving Federal regulators the necessary tools to prevent another collapse of large, globally active insurance companies. We are talking about the big boys here: AIG, MetLife, and Prudential. For the past several years, Federal regulators have been overseeing systematically important financial institutions, which are identified as such because they are expected to pose a substantial risk to our financial stability if they fail. Our Federal regulators have also been negotiating with 
140 other countries on international standards for large globally connected insurers. However, today’s bill is designed to undermine the progress we have made on this front, and to ultimately prevent the adoption of these capital standards in the United States. In fact, H.R. 5143 would add layers of burdensome red tape and unworkable requirements on our Federal negotiators, making it virtually impossible for them to advocate effectively for U.S. interests on these issues or agree to any kind of standard. For example, this bill would prevent negotiators from agreeing to any standard unless it focuses exclusively on a company’s ability to pay claims. However, focusing exclusively on a company’s ability to pay claims can lead those same policyholders vulnerable to systemic failure. Moreover, by crippling our ability to engage effectively on international insurance issues, this bill will ensure that the rest of the world will move on to adopt standards that are not in our best interest. At worst, this bill is unconstitutional—something that the administration detailed in its statement of policy—raising multiple conflicts between the President’s exclusive authority on international agreements and the bill’s requirements to directly include State insurance commissioners in international negotiations. At best, this bill is a solution in search of a problem. It caters to an unfounded fear that internationally agreed upon policies would be forced upon the small, domestic insurance companies and unwilling States. Let me again reiterate that the standards being negotiated internationally are for the largest insurers that operate all over the world—companies like AIG, MetLife, and Prudential. It is a scare tactic to claim that these standards would be applied to anyone but the largest and most interconnected global insurers. Second, States can never be compelled to adopt international standards such as these. These standards are nonbinding and each individual State has the discretion to adopt them, modify them, or reject them entirely after going through their full regulatory process. Third, stakeholders have ample opportunity to weigh in on these discussions. For example, Federal negotiators have held multiple sessions for stakeholders to provide input, and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors has greatly improved public access and consultation. Yet, this bill, H.R. 5143, would require several additional notice and comment periods and several other layers of unnecessary red tape. To make matters worse, the sponsor proposes to pay for the bill’s costs by taking $7 million from the Securities and Exchange Commission’s reserve fund, which means that our financial watchdog will be unable to respond to unforeseen events, like the flash crash. In short, this bill would ask taxpayers to pay for the cost of rejecting capital standards by taking away the funding the SEC needs to respond to emergency situations that threaten financial stability. That just doubles down on the irresponsible policymaking we have seen by the opposite side of the aisle. As the veto threat issued by the White House on this bill states: 
The Nation has made great progress as a result of DoddFrank, and we cannot allow this bill to hamper the United States’ ability to implement the best standards for our unique regulatory regime. 
Mr. Speaker, it is clear that the Republicans will go to any lengths necessary to give industry what it wants— less oversight, less supervision, and less regulation. Republicans have repeatedly tried to hamstring our efforts to more effectively monitor and respond to systemic risk by working to dismantle the FSOC and its designation authority for SIFIs. They have called the FSOC unconstitutional and helped companies like MetLife challenge its designation in court. So I am not really surprised that Republicans would close out 2016 by bringing this bill to the floor, but I am disappointed because the American people deserve better. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), the author of H.R. 5143 and the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. b1545 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I thank the chairman for his tireless help and support in getting this bill to where it is today. Mr. Speaker, insurance serves as the backbone of financial independence for millions of Americans. It offers support when it is needed the most so that consumers can be assured that they are protected in the event of a loss. Our Nation has a history of thoughtful insurance regulation and strong consumer confidence. To ensure that, we need to make sure that foreign regulators don’t do anything to jeopardize that. The Transparent Insurance Standards Act would establish a series of reasonable requirements to be met before our Team USA, if you will—the Treasury’s Federal Insurance Office, the Federal Reserve, or any other party to international regulatory conversations—consents to the adoption of a final insurance standard. H.R. 5143 would also require Team USA to publish any proposed final standard for congressional review and public comment. Additionally, H.R. 5143 would institute a 90day layover period, allowing Congress the ability to block any international agreement. It would also ensure State insurance commissioners a broader role in negotiations, thereby protecting our Statebased regulatory system that has served policyholders so well. In doing so, the bill would not only help protect the best interests of U.S. insurance customers, but it would also be a step in restoring the powers vested to Congress in Article I of the Constitution. Mr. Speaker, when the Financial Services Committee embarked on this journey, the intent was to craft a bill that not only respected the process, but that provided this body and the public with more opportunity. As such, H.R. 5143 has been drafted with the input of a wide variety of stakeholders, and it has generated broad support. This bill is not intended to bring the international process to a halt. Rather, it will serve as leverage for U.S. negotiators and will ensure that we are in a position to export domestic standards rather than import Europeancentric ones. The truth of the matter, Mr. Speaker, is that our constituents don’t read about international insurance standards in the local paper or discuss them at the dinner table. However, these conversations and the negotiations at the IAIS have real implications on U.S. companies and, more importantly, on every American policyholder. Given that, consideration of this bill shouldn’t be a partisan affair. Many of my friends across the aisle and their constituents would like to see more sunshine on this international process, and this bill does just that. It is imperative that the United States—that is, the States, the executive branch, and Congress—work cooperatively to signal to the IAIS and foreign governments that we will only lend our name to standards and agreements that benefit U.S. customers. We will lead and not be led, as our chairman just said. Again, I thank Chairman HENSARLING  for his support of this important bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of H.R. 5143. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ), the ranking member of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CLEAVER. I thank the ranking member for allowing me to speak on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I find much greater satisfaction in working on legislation with the subcommittee chairman, BLAINE LUETKEMEYER , than opposing such; but, Mr. Speaker, I do, in fact, believe that H.R. 5143 would prescribe narrowly tailored reporting and negotiating requirements that must be completed before any international regulatory insurance standard could be agreed on. In the wake of the financial crisis with the passage of DoddFrank, the Federal Insurance Office, FIO, was 
tasked with representing the United States at international insurance forums. Currently, the FIO has been negotiating alongside the Federal Reserve and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, NAIC, on behalf of our country’s insurance interests. The Housing and Insurance Subcommittee has held numerous hearings on this topic, giving us ample opportunity to more fully understand the process that is being undertaken at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors as well as with other international bodies. It is critical that Team USA continue to advocate strongly on behalf of the U.S. insurance system, and it is imperative that we do not hamstring their ability to do so. More specifically, the bill contains a number of provisions that would ultimately delay our negotiations abroad. If we limit the ability of our negotiators to do their job, we lose our seat at the international table, which, I believe, will weaken our position. Like most on the other side, I am a strong proponent of the Statebased system. Our Missouri insurance commissioner has recently held a national position. In order to effectively communicate our position and advocate for this unique American system, we need to ensure that our international representatives are empowered, and we believe that this actually impacts their role at the table. Additionally, none of the standards that may be decided upon internationally are binding. This is, perhaps, the most significant thing I am saying. As everyone knows, the States would have to approve any standards because we can’t impose those standards on them. These standards would have to be agreed to domestically—they would have to go to each and every State— and they won’t be approved on the Federal level. This process would include a notice and a comment period. I do believe that this bill does not address a single problem, that it does not fix any broken part of this process that is going on. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride and a heavy heart that I yield to the next gentleman. I have a heavy heart because I fear this will be the last time I yield time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ); but it is with great pride that, for 14 years, I have called him friend and colleague. He is retiring from this institution. He has been tireless in his service to our committee, his constituents, and this country. He has been a tireless advocate for the cause of freedom, free enterprise, and the lot of the common man and the common woman; and this will be a lesser institution upon his departure. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ), my friend. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I thank the chairman and thank him for his leadership and his kind words. It has been a great pleasure to serve on this Financial Services Committee. I think we have done some good work. I enjoyed working with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on some issues as well. I wish you the very best as you continue as a committee to work on behalf of Americans all across the country to make sure that they have access to the financial products that they need for their families. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5143, offered by my good friend from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ). The Transparent Insurance Standards Act is critically important to ensuring that the U.S. Statebased model for regulating insurance is preserved and that international agreements benefit U.S. consumers. Since the passage of the DoddFrank Act, the increased role of the Federal Government in insurance regulation has led to changes to U.S. participation in international insurance forums, like the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. The Federal Insurance Office, FIO, is charged with representing the interests of U.S. insurers during negotiations of international agreements. Further, the FIO, along with the Federal Reserve, is an active participant in international standardsetting bodies. Over the last several years, developments in international insurance supervision have created tension with our Statebased model. The European Union has moved toward a single regulatory structure for its member states. This effort, known as Solvency II, will harmonize the varied regulatory regimes in each European nation. Many have raised concern that Solvency II will be adopted as the gold standard for international insurance supervision. Solvency II could put the U.S. insurance industry and the U.S. policyholders at a disadvantage. H.R. 5143 is important legislation that enhances the congressional oversight of international deliberations for insurance regulation. It holds both the FIO and the Federal Reserve to important benchmarks that ensure that U.S. interests are being represented. For example, the agencies must provide joint analyses on the impact of proposed international standards on U.S. consumers and insurance markets. Further, it allows for public comment on any proposed final standard that the U.S. may agree to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. These regulatory checks are not new to many U.S. agencies, which already must comply with certain Administrative Procedure Act requirements when setting Federal standards. While there may be a critical role for U.S. representatives to play in the international insurance discussion, it is important that our advocates ensure that U.S. interests are not recklessly pushed aside in the name of global harmony. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5143. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee on the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentlewoman. I join the chairman in thanking Congressman NEUGEBAUER for his outstanding service to this institution, to his district, and to this country. He has been an outstanding Member. It has been a pleasure to serve with him. We will miss you. Thank you for your friendship, your consideration, and your really hard work for good, sound policy in this country. Thank you. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 5143. I believe that it would undermine the Fed’s ability to negotiate international agreements on insurance regulation, and I think that that will cause a big problem for insurance in our country. Telling the Fed that it can’t agree to any international standard on insurance that isn’t already the law in the United States absolutely makes no sense whatsoever. The other countries would simply stop negotiating with us, and I believe we would lose our voice and our seat at the table, and that is not good for America. It is also important to remember that nothing the Fed or Treasury agrees to internationally can be binding on State insurance regulators. That is already the law, and we don’t need a new law to tell us that. The Fed does regulate 14 insurance companies through its holding companies. This has been a Federal authority, and there is nothing new about that. The Fed should be able to align the insurance regulations that it has authority over with the regulations in other countries. One of the big lessons of the scandal and of the economic downturn of 2008 was that different regulatory regimes in different countries could have different incentives, and some of them were bad incentives—for example, AIG. The only problem that existed with this country was in the different incentives in England. I am very uncomfortable with a bill that hamstrings the Federal Reserve’s ability to regulate the safety and soundness of the large insurance holding companies that it has authority over and to ensure that those regulatory standards are consistent internationally, so I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKE MEYER ), and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman be able to control the remainder of such time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), who is the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee chairman. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. I thank my fellow subcommittee chairman for working with me to protect the State based insurance regulatory model that has served our Nation so well for 150 years. To my colleague from New York, I am very comfortable with this bill and with the underlying philosophy that has brought us here. Mr. Speaker, I am a former State representative in the Michigan Legislature, and I know firsthand that Michigan does a better job of protecting policyholders within their borders than the Federal Government does or could. Even more so, Michigan certainly knows how to maintain a robust insurance marketplace that works for Michigan customers. Additionally, Michigan serves as an entry point for several foreign companies which then come into the U.S. marketplace. However, there are bureaucrats in Washington who believe that they know best. The DoddFrank Act significantly expanded the Federal Government’s role in the insurance marketplace by creating the Federal Insurance Office and charging the Director with representing the U.S. during the negotiations of international agreements. At the same time, the Dodd Frank Act changed domestic insurance regulation, which also led to the changes in U.S. participation at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, or IAIS. b1600 The IAIS develops international insurance regulations for its 190 jurisdictions in more than 140 countries to then adopt those. I am concerned that this could influence the U.S. to replace the Statebased insurance regulatory model with international standards that were created by unelected European bureaucrats. Mr. Speaker, our States are, as Justice Brandeis so eloquently coined, ‘‘laboratories of democracy;’’ and in his words that means that a ‘‘State may, if its citizens choose, serve as a laboratory; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country.’’ I can’t think of a better example of a successful experiment than the State based insurance regulatory system, especially in my home State of Michigan. That is why the protections provided in the Transparent Insurance Standards Act are so vitally important. The straightforward bill simply gives the States and Congress the opportunity to comment on any international insurance standard before it may be adopted. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this very, very important bill and support our system that has existed for 150 years. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H ECK), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I am especially grateful to the ranking member for allowing me this opportunity. First, I would like to associate myself with the remarks of the gentlewoman from New York and the other gentleman from Texas regarding our colleague, Mr. NEUGEBAUER . From the day that I walked into this Chamber, he has been nothing but a paragon of gentlemanliness toward myself and my colleagues. In fact, every freshman receives a flag flown over the Capitol that Congressman NEUGEBAUER has had flown. And wouldn’t you know it, small world category: 2,000 miles away, he happened to be good friends with my uncle, which I didn’t even know until he arrived here. He will be missed. He is a testament to how you can see the world completely differently, yet be able to treat one another with respect. Mr. Speaker, I am a little uncomfortable because this is the second time in a week I have risen to oppose a proposal by my friend from Missouri who I think actually is trying to do the right thing and with whom I have dealt in good faith and who has dealt in good faith with us. But I do, in fact, rise to oppose this bill because in some cases it goes too far, in some cases it won’t work, and in some cases, frankly, it doesn’t go far enough. It goes too far in terms of stealing the money from the SEC reserve to pay for this. Its costs and those associated with its implementation should not be borne by another enforcement agency whose job it is to keep us safe. It won’t work in terms of its reporting requirements: all of these expensive requirements that require the rate on the SEC, the transparency, the reporting. Anybody who knows anything about negotiations knows you can’t post a public notice about what you intend to do and hope to be successful on the outcome. I happen to have been a professional on both sides of the labor management negotiations table, and I can tell you, the last thing in the world you want to do is post your playbook. That would be a little bit like the football team saying: Come here, defense; let me tell you what we are going to do. That would, in fact, be the net effect of this particular approach. The objective: to maintain the integrity in the McCarranFerguson Act is the right one. It is the wrong approach. In some cases it, frankly, doesn’t go far enough because, the truth is, we ought to have these international discussions and negotiations for international firms; but this bill would only apply to the IAIS. There are a lot of international forums where insurance is at the table. The fact of the matter is, the State regulators ought to be at those tables as well. Look, there is a better way. I offer it to you. It is a bill I have introduced, which is H.R. 6436, that takes a principlebased approach. It merely says that the Statebased insurance regulators have got to be at the table, and we have to protect that system. It is a principlebased, not a topdown, command and control heavy bureaucracy approach to achieving the same objective while at the same time ensuring that we provide adequate protection and regulation for international insurance companies, but respecting the Statebased system. I don’t know why we can’t get the winwin here. You know, I find it ironic that my legislation, H.R. 6436, actually enjoys broadbased support among the stakeholders: the regulated and, yes, the regulators. The Statebased insurance regulators believe that this is the best approach to take, and it is the one I think is a winwin for everybody. It achieves everybody’s objectives. That is not what H.R. 5143 will do. H.R. 5143 goes too far in some cases, won’t work in others, and doesn’t go far enough in others. So I hope that you will reject it, provide us with an opportunity to continue to negotiate in good faith, and get to winwin because winwin is possible in this circumstance. I, once again, thank the ranking member very much for this opportunity. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), who is chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman LUETKEMEYER for all of his work on this bill, H.R. 5143. As we enter into this debate, I think it is important to look at who supports what. If you look at insurers in States like Wisconsin, they have looked at Mr. LUETKEMEYER ’s bill and they love it. They think it is a great bill because it protects the American Statebased model. If you are a large global insurer, you don’t like this bill because you want one global international standard that you have to comply with. So we are here fighting for the little guy, those little insurance companies that dot all of our States, that serve our communities and our families; and the opposition is standing with the large insurers which have been more concerned about this bill than the little guy, which goes to my point. I am concerned that the Federal Reserve and Treasury could enter into an international framework that undermines the U.S. system in favor of, again, this Europeancentric model that is inconsistent with our American model. If you look at this great American model, it has worked for 150 years. Look back to the 2008 crisis. This system in America, with a ton of pressure, it performed beautifully. It did really well. Why do you want to cash that in for a different model? 
I guess my concern is that those State insurers like in my State, they are not even regulated at the Federal level, but they are concerned that on the track that we are going, they very well may be. This is pretty simple stuff. What Mr. LUETKEMEYER is looking for is openness and transparency. He just doesn’t want Washington bureaucrats negotiating a deal. He wants all stakeholders as part of this deal. And lo and behold, it is a remarkable concept; but if we are going to have fundamental changes to our insurance law, why only have unelected bureaucrats make those decisions? Why not empower the Congress, the people who are responsive to the American electorate? We should have a say in this process. Put us back in control, which is exactly what Chairman LUETKEMEYER  does. It is a great bill. I encourage all of my friends on both sides of the aisle to show their resounding support. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri for his work on H.R. 5143. I rise in strong support of the legislation. Now, what we are hearing on the floor today is very similar, I suspect, to the discussion at the founding of this country, yet some who wanted a strong central government, strong regulating powers from Washington and some who said, no, that will not be the best way to provide a strong economy, that we should send the decisions closer to where people live. Frankly, that choice is being played out worldwide right now, and that is the case with the question in front of us. Should we allow people in Europe to tell us what our markets will look like here? Now, there are those who say yes. I am in the group that says no. Because our system here has created its own stability. In the financial difficulties of 2008 and 2009, our market performed just perfectly. We have got 56 different regulators, each one has their own responsibility. It provides a safer market for the consumer. It provides a safer product for the consumers to purchase. Why we would send that authority to some other country across the oceans just never made sense to those of us who want the decisions made closer to the people. Secondly, we have to think that it is good for American jobs. Anytime people in a different country are deciding what the rules are, they are going to skew it in favor of themselves. Again, our market is well diversified. It is spread among the States, and it provides insurance markets for every individual State and some more than just the one. So that tells us that it is good for the economy, it is good for the consumer; but, finally, we need the stabilizing force here, the ability for Americans to determine what we are going to do. I think that the recent election has been maybe a referendum on: Do we want to give up power to the local people, or do we just send it away? Mr. LUETKEMEYER ’s bill preserves power for the people. It preserves power for the Congress. I would urge support for Mr. LUETKEMEYER ’s bill, H.R. 5143. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016, with my good friend and colleague from the State of Missouri, Representative BLAINE LUETKEMEYER . DoddFrank reversed a nearly 150 year precedent of the U.S. insurance industry being regulated primarily by the States. From propertycasualty, life, reinsurance, health, and even auto, the Obama administration and DoddFrank created a more invasive role for the Federal Government to intervene in this industry. Where this has become apparent is during the negotiations of international agreements regarding insurance standards, where our foreign counterparts, particularly in the European Union, are trying to force us to adopt their standard and forgo our Statebased insurance regime. Most concerning is that many of these meetings take place behind closed doors with little accountability or transparency while our Federal Government says they are negotiating on behalf of our best interests. H.R. 5143 would enhance congressional oversight into these deliberations by establishing requirements to be met before the Federal Government can agree to the adoption of any final international insurance standards or covered agreements. Setting these procedures in place ensures that Missouri policyholders and customers will be protected from premium increases by having to adopt international standards that don’t apply or make sense here in the United States. Americans are sick and tired of the Federal Government making choices on their behalf without proper input and oversight. Congress needs to be more involved in these negotiations that could have substantial impacts on policyholders across the country. I have two letters of support from companies in Missouri that represent over 40,000 customers and employees in the State. The companies state that this bill will help prevent costs from being driven up in Missouri, and I would like to include these letters in the RECORD . CAMERON INSURANCE COMPANIES , August 19, 2016. To: MEMBERS OF THE MISSOURI CONGRES SIONAL DELEGATION  DEARREPRESENTATIVES : On behalf of Cameron Mutual Insurance Company and the 39,370 policyholders/employees in Missouri, I am writing to ask for your support. During the next few months, U.S. negotiators and their international counterparts are scheduled to meet behind closed doors around the globe approximately three dozen times to make strategic decisions on new international capital and regulatory standards. The U.S. is under pressure from international regulators to adopt their standards. These types of changes have the very real potential to drive up costs here at home. It is important that the U.S. defend its effective system of insurance regulation. Our U.S. negotiators should not agree to new standards that could eventually weaken U.S. consumer protections, reduce competition, and, according to economist Robert Shapiro, cost homeowners insurance consumers up to an additional $100 per year. H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016, introduced by Missouri’s own Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer, provides critically important checks and balances regarding negotiations on international insurance standards by requiring transparency, accountability, and consultation with Congress, and allowing for public input. The bill passed the House Financial Services Committee in June. It is critical for Congress to act on this legislation now and I am asking you to defend U.S. insurance markets and to preserve our effective, consumerfocused, statebased system of insurance regulation. Please contact House leadership and the Financial Services Committee leadership and request a September House floor vote on H.R. 5143. Transparency, accountability, and consultation with Congress and the public is a simple and reasonable approach to ensure our system is not undermined by closeddoor international regulatory fora. H.R. 5143 strengthens the U.S. voice by requiring U.S. state and federal negotiators reach consensus on advocacy positions and supporting them by shining a light on the negotiations. Sincerely, BRADM. F OWLER , President/Chief Executive Officer, Cameron Mutual Insurance Company. 
SHELTER INSURANCE COMPANIES , September 7, 2016. Re: H.R. 5143, the ‘‘Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016’’ Hon. ANNWAGNER , Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE WAGNER : Shelter In surance is the largest domestic property and casualty insurance company in Missouri, writing more than $1.6 billion in premium, and is home to almost 1,700 Missouri constituents/employees. On behalf of Shelter Insurance Company, our agents, employees and mutual policy holders in Missouri, I am writing to ask for your help to defend the statebased system of insurance regulation. Congressman Luetkemeyer’s bill, H.R. 5143, the Transparent Insurance Standards Act of 2016, provides critically important checks and balances regarding negotiations on international insurance standards by requiring transparency, accountability, and consultation with Congress, and allowing for public input. We ask that you please encourage Chairman Hensarling and House leadership to schedule a House vote on this legislation in September. 
As you well know, the next few months are important when it comes to international insurance regulation. By the end of 2016, U.S. negotiators and their international counterparts are scheduled to meet behind closed doors around the globe approximately three dozen times to make strategic decisions on new international capital and regulatory standards. The U.S. is under pressure from international regulators to adopt their standards. These types of changes have the very real potential to drive up costs here at home in Missouri. It is important that the U.S. defend its effective system of insurance regulation. Our U.S. negotiators should not agree to new standards that could eventually weaken U.S. consumer protections, reduce competition. Again, our ask is that you please work with House leadership and the Financial Services Committee leadership and request a September House floor vote on H.R. 5143, I thank you for your help on this bill and for your continued leadership on these efforts that are important to my company and many insurers around the United States. Sincerely, RICKMEANS , President and CEO. BRIAN WALLER , Director of Government Relations. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I simply ask my colleagues to support this commonsense piece of legislation that instills transparency and accountability for our government when negotiating with their foreign counterparts. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Missouri has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). b1615 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman and his staff for the hard work that went into crafting this legislation, coordinating with the insurance industry and the diverse array of stakeholders and consumers. Mr. Speaker, for about 150 years, the American insurance industry has been regulated at the State level. This has enabled the tailoring of regulations and business models to local circumstances for insurance companies of all types, structures, and sizes. This system has provided our domestic insurance industry a competitive advantage that benefits consumers and the market for insuring against risk. It is a superior model to the concentrated national champion insurance models of Europe. Some of DoddFrank’s policies threaten to upend this existing regulatory infrastructure by interjecting the Federal Government, and ultimately international regulators, into the oversight of the American insurance industry. Regardless of one’s views on Federal oversight of insurance, I think we should all agree that Congress should have a stake in this process and engage in robust oversight of any Federal or international standards. The Transparent Insurance Standards Act achieves just that. The legislation sets clear objectives, or rules of the road, for the Federal Insurance Office and the Federal Reserve that must be met during negotiation and, ultimately, adoption of any international insurance standards or covered agreements. The bill ensures that State insurance commissioners or their designees are directly involved in the negotiation process; and before adoption of such an international standard, the public and Congress must have access to the final text and the opportunity to provide comments. FIO and the Fed would be required to file reports and come before Congress twice a year to brief us on the progress and implementation. If the standards include capital requirements, the Fed must have promulgated a domestic standard first, and this will prevent the tail wagging the dog that we have seen with other international financial standards. These reforms and several other provisions ensure that, if the United States is going down the road of Federal and international insurance standards, the process is transparent, and Congress, the States, and the American people have a say in that process. For these reasons, I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation, and I urge its passage. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I believe this is my last speaker. Last but not least, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), an entrepreneur who understands the importance of our free enterprise system and how important it is for the insurance industry to be able to protect those interests of the free enterprise folks. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I think by now the secret is out the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act has been a complete failure. For the last 6 years, in an effort to protect consumers, the DoddFrank Act has instead stifled job creation for millions of Americans with regulation after regulation. H.R. 5143, which I am a proud cosponsor of, aims to roll back one of the many unintended consequences forced upon U.S. insurers. For 150 years, the Statebased model, the American model, has been successful because it focused on one thing— the consumer. The U.S. Statebased insurance regulatory system is unmatched by any insurance regulatory system in the world. It is important that U.S. insurers are not put at a competitive disadvantage worldwide and we continue to act in their interest. H.R. 5143 requires Congress to conduct oversight of international conversations focused on insurance standards and establish a series of requirements to be met by our top negotiators at Treasury’s Federal Insurance Office. Furthermore, transparency and accountability is often lacking in international regulatory discussions, something that is fundamental to the State based system. It is important that Congress takes every opportunity to open doors, not close doors, and allows all interested parties to participate in negotiations with our international counterparts. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will strongly encourage increased transparency and information sharing and bring to light the true objectives. Just as Congress is routinely involved in international trade negotiations, this should be no different. It is important we work cooperatively and only agree to standards and agreements that benefit U.S. consumers and allow us to maintain a strong insurance marketplace. Again, I want to thank Chairman LUETKEMEYER for his leadership and the work our committee has done to stand up for U.S. insurers and consumers. I strongly urge passage of this bill. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. The gentleman who just gave testimony indicated that the secret is out. I don’t think he described the secret accurately, but let me just say it is out, and, just as Mr. HENSARLING said on the floor the other day, we ain’t seen nothing yet. They are out to destroy DoddFrank, they are out to destroy the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and they keep coming forward, as they are doing today, to protect Wall Street. I ask my colleagues to consider the great progress we have made since the enactment of Wall Street reform to fix the blind spots that prevented our regulators from seeing the big picture. Our U.S. financial system is increasingly complex, and the regulatory structure for the oversight of our system was fragmented before the financial crisis. This was particularly true of the insurance industry, which is regulated primarily by the States. While our Statebased system for insurance regulation has many strengths, by its very nature, it is ill suited to address all of the issues related to large, globally active insurance companies. That is why Dodd Frank, while continuing to recognize the primacy of Statebased regulation, changed many of the ways in which the insurance industry is supervised for consolidated supervision and enhanced regulation. If we take a look at AIG, of course, one cannot help but ask: What State regulated AIG; and why did we get into the problem that we got into with AIG? It was because of its Londonbased operation. That is why it is so important to have cooperation between the countries on these big insurance companies that are operating all over the world. 
Let’s remind everyone what this bill really does. It takes us backward. It says: forget about examining systemic risks across jurisdictions, and, instead, let’s continue to leave the largest internationally active insurers in the world off the hook for any risk they may pose to our economy. Not the small, domestic insurers that engage in traditional activities, not the companies that make up such an important part of our economy in rural areas, and certainly not the insurers that had absolutely nothing to do with the financial crisis. We are talking about the biggest and most complex insurers that have operations all over the globe and pose risks to international financial stability. This bill is not about transparency, as its title would suggest. It is about weakening oversight of these large firms and making it virtually impossible to agree to any kind of international insurance standard. This bill is also not about protecting policyholders. It is about burying our head in the sand and going back to the precrisis days where all of us, including policyholders, were vulnerable to a systemic failure. So let’s call this bill what it is. It is a giveaway to the insurance industry that is trying to escape more oversight. And let’s not pretend that this bill would ensure a more unified U.S. posture on the international stage because, under the provisions of this bill, the U.S. will be severely crippled in its ability to negotiate on these issues, which means that the rest of the world will move forward while American interests get left behind. What are we talking about? We are talking about capitalization. And if we are not willing to engage with other countries in this international community about these big insurance companies that are operating all over the world about capital standards, we are putting our own country at risk. The administration has already issued a strong veto threat for all of these reasons. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Let me share with you exactly what the administration is saying. ‘‘The restrictions that this legislation seeks to place on United States representatives in international insurance matters under H.R. 5143 would raise serious constitutional concerns and severely outweigh any potential attendant benefits. ...  ‘‘FIO, the Federal Reserve, and state insurance commissioners are all actively engaged at the IAIS and regularly coordinate with one another, ensuring that each aspect of the unique United States regulatory regime is adequately represented in any international negotiation. Despite their effective coordination and extensive work thus far to improve global insurance regulation, the restrictions which H.R. 5143 seeks to impose would stop this work in its tracks and would put in place cumbersome and counterproductive requirements. . . . ‘‘Because this legislation seeks to tie the hands of U.S. representatives, in an unconstitutional manner, and prevent them from effectively negotiating on international insurance matters, the Administration strongly opposes H.R. 5143.’’ Mr. Speaker, despite the fact that my colleague, the chairman of the Committee on Financial Services, promised me and threatened me and others that we ain’t seen nothing yet, I think it is very clear about what is happening on the opposite side of the aisle and how Mr. HENSARLING and the committee are already carrying out the Trump agenda. They are making sure that before we leave here on break everyone understands that they are not about to support DoddFrank in any shape, form, or fashion, but, rather, they are going to take every opportunity to undermine DoddFrank because they don’t believe in reforming Wall Street. Mr. Trump said that he was running for the United States President because he wanted to drain the swamp, but Mr. Trump and his leadership are already showing us that they intend to expand the swamp, that they are going to grow the swamp, that they are going to make sure that they have everybody from Wall Street, many of whom have already been fined, been accused of fraud, who are under investigation— somehow he is bringing them close to him, and I wonder why. This legislation today basically tells you a story. It tells you a story that they are talking about. They are saying, in essence, that we, the United States of America, operate unto ourselves. Yes, we have these big firms, and we don’t mind that they have big businesses in other countries, like AIG. We don’t mind that they are operating internationally. We have State regulations, and our State regulations will take care of whatever our needs are for oversight of insurance. But they can’t tell you why that didn’t happen with AIG. As a matter of fact, they don’t mention AIG. They wish the story of AIG would just simply go away. They don’t want the American people to be reminded of what happened with AIG that almost brought this country to its knees. They don’t want to remind the people that we had to bail them out. They don’t want to remind the people that they were undercapitalized, their credit default swaps were fraudulent, and they didn’t have anything to back it up. So here we are, and they are asking the American people to ignore all of this, just forget all of this. We are out to protect those who certainly should not be protected. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Just to recap what we are doing here: We have a bill in front of us here that is basically trying to give leverage to Team USA, which are the representatives from the United States, one of which was created by DoddFrank, to represent the United States insurance industry at the negotiating table with regards to the International Association of Insurance Supervisors. Now, this is a group of people from around the world that regulate insurance companies in each of these other countries. Now, these regulators have a different set of rules and regulations and a different purpose from the standpoint that they regulate insurance at the national level in each one of these countries, where we in this country regulate insurance at the State level. b1630 When the IAIS tries to promulgate rules and regulations, it is like trying to put a square peg in a round hole when they try and put those rules and regulations on our companies here. As a result, this bill is to try and give leverage to our negotiations so that doesn’t happen and so they can protect our industry. In fact, the negotiators want this bill because they need that leverage to be able to go and say no to some of the standards that are being proposed so that they can protect our industry. Now, I will give you a quick example. In my own State, we have a company that provides reinsurance in one of the countries in Europe. That country right now is trying to impose some new standards on that company to be able to do business there. We need to have the regulators be able to go to the IAIS and say: Look, this is not working. You cannot impact and undermine our own companies in this country with these rules that do not work. They need to be on a level playing field with everybody else. So this is a way that we can protect our companies and our industries and our consumers from this regulation that is basically out of control sometimes. Mr. HUIZENGA made a great point. He said: Why would we allow unelected foreign regulators to tell our industry what to do? That is what we have got. We have got a group of bureaucrats from around the world who are trying to tell our companies, our insurance industry—it isn’t one company; it is everybody in this country—what to do. They are not elected, but we are in this Congress. Shouldn’t we put the people’s representatives in charge of this? Mr. PEARCE made that comment. These regulations need to be decided by the people’s representatives. That is us. That is what this bill does. It puts us in charge of saying yes or no to whatever agreements are done over there. Mr. BARRmade the comment that we need to protect the insurance model of our industry. And that is what this does. We in the Congress can look and see if these rules and regulations will protect the industry. It doesn’t mean we throw them all out either. The underlying principle of 
everything that the minority ranking member is talking about here is that we are going to throw out every regulation that is being proposed. No, this is not the case. What we want to do is make sure the ones that are being proposed are okay and will not negatively impact our industry. The ones that are going to be helpful, we will support those. We will let them go through. That is up to Congress. We should be in charge of those decisions, not somebody else around this world. Mr. WILLIAMS made a good point. He said this is kind of like a trade agreement. We approve all the trade agreements over in the other body, if I am not mistaken. Should we approve an agreement like this where we are going to impact an entire industry? I think so, Mr. Speaker. Let me just move on to a couple of points that were made by a couple of folks during the discussion on the other side. They talked about the payfor in the bill. The payfor in the bill actually comes from a slush fund of the SEC, which is overfunded at this point and that they are going to use less than 20 percent of that money this year. It is well paid for. It is well within the reason of being able to afford this, and it is not going to impact that regulator at all. So I think we are in great shape. Somebody made the comment that the Fed does have the authority to make these rules. No, they don’t. They don’t have authority to make a rule across the board on all insurance companies in this country. That is not a true statement. The statement was also made about the GSIFIs and systemic institutions. This bill doesn’t do anything to address GSIFI designation. This bill is about protecting the IAIS, which is a supervisory body. It is not the Federal Stability Board. It is not the international board that decides all of these GSIFI designations. This is the board that oversees the regulatory structure of insurance companies. Somebody said it has constitutional concerns. If it has constitutional concerns, then you have just told me that DoddFrank is unconstitutional. That is all we are doing is dealing with what has gone on in DoddFrank when setting up the FIO office to try and give them the leverage and power they need to do something. It is interesting because the ranking member last week was railing on a bill that we had on the floor about transparency and oversight of regulators. You know what? We listened to her. This bill today does that very thing. It adds to transparency, and we are providing oversight for the regulators. I would think she would be excited about this legislation and be willing to support it. One other comment, Mr. Speaker, and I will close. The ranking member keeps throwing AIG at us. That is a redherring from the standpoint that AIG is made up of two separate entities: one is an insurance company; one is the securities and investment company. The company that was in trouble was the securities and investment part. The insurance company stayed solid and solvent. That is not the one that was bailed out. So, again, the point was made by one of my colleagues—Mr. DUFFY , I believe it was—that in 2008 our system worked. And he is correct; it did work. Our insurance industry in this country withstood one of the largest and most devastating recessions in history since the Great Depression, and it came out of it with very little negative problems that could impact the quality of insurance being provided for our citizens. So, Mr. Speaker, let me just close by saying this bill does what we would hope that every bill would do in this Congress, and that is that it gives leverage to people who can do good to protect our industries and our people, our way of life and our economy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for general debate has expired. 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 4, line 11, before the period insert the following: ‘‘and that any such final standard is composed in plain writing (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Plain Writing Act of 2010 (5 U.S.C. 301 note))’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 944, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, my amendment is very simple. It requires that any international agreement needs to be written in plain writing as a condition to enter into the agreement. I am offering this from the perspective of people in Florida, my district, and elsewhere who are small businesses, who are small companies who can’t afford to hire large legal teams simply to understand overly complex regulations. They are already beset with way too much, both in terms of the scope, but also in terms of the complexity; and when you have complex agreements or regulations imposed on them, it not only makes life difficult for them, it actually gives them a competitive disadvantage over some of the big companies that we are always hearing about. So I think writing in plain language, clear and concise, makes it easier for small businesses to comply without amassing huge amounts in legal fees and other overhead costs. Plain writing doesn’t change the regulation. You can have a regulation. It just requires it to be written in a way that doesn’t require you to hire $500 anhour attorneys to interpret it for you. So I think it is a commonsense way to help small business with no taxpayer expense. I would note that the need for plain writing has been something that the Congress, on both sides of the aisle, has embraced over decades. I appreciate my friend from Missouri’s bill. I intend to support it. I think this amendment will be added protection for those who are struggling to do well in an economy in which so much that comes out of Washington seems to be making it more difficult for them to succeed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, this amendment requires that any final standard agreed to under the terms of this bill be composed in plain writing in accordance with the Plain Writing Act of 2010. That law basically requires that Federal agencies use ‘‘clear government communication that the public can understand and use.’’ As a matter of general policy, I think that makes good sense. We want the public to be able to understand the rules and regulations that impact their daily lives. When government regulations are difficult to comprehend, it undermines rather than enhances our goal of setting clear rules of the road and preventing misconduct. But no amount of clear communication or plain writing will improve the basic issues with the underlying bill. Of course we support plain writing. I wish that all of us would adopt and carry out and implement the legislation that was passed, supported by both sides of the aisle, for plain writing, for plain English. I wish the State would do it with their propositions, et cetera. We all pay lip service to it, but then we come with the gobbledygook that the American public has to try and understand. So, yes, I support plain writing. I support the public being able to understand what we do, but I don’t want people to be confused. Plain writing has nothing to do with the basic issues in this underlying bill. While I do not take issue with the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida, I continue to urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. It is a solution in search of a problem, one that certainly does not exist. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am glad that this is an amendment that my friend from California can embrace. 
I urge everyone to embrace it and would just urge people to support the amendment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). The question is on the amendment by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5minute votes on motions to suspend the rules with respect to H.R. 6076, S. 2971, and H.R. 5790, in each case by the yeas and nays. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 239, nays 170, not voting 24, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—170 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Brown (FL) Chu, Judy Clyburn Costa Fincher Granger Graves (MO) Hurt (VA) Israel Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee McDermott Miller (MI) Neal Poe (TX) Rice (NY) Roskam Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Serrano Tiberi Wasserman Schultz Westmoreland b1705 Mr. MESSER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TO RESEARCH, EVALUATE, ASSESS, AND TREAT ASTRONAUTS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6076) to require the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to establish a program for the medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of astronauts, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 413, nays 0, not voting 20, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—20 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Costa DiazBalart Fincher Forbes Gabbard Graves (MO) Israel Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee McDermott Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Roskam Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Tiberi Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 615. 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5790) to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 404, nays 0, not voting 29, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—29 
Brown (FL) Clyburn Costa Doyle, Michael F. Fincher Forbes Graves (MO) Jolly Kirkpatrick Lee McDermott Miller (MI) Nolan Nugent Poe (TX) Roskam RoybalAllard Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Serrano Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Tiberi Vela Vela´zquez Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 611 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 1219), 612 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended S. 3028), 613 (on passage of H.R. 5143), 614 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 6076), 615 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended House Amendment to S. 2971), and 616 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5790) I did not cast my vote due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on all of the votes. 
BETTER ONLINE TICKET SALES ACT OF 2016 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3183) to prohibit the circumvention of control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3183 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘BOTS Act of 2016’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A CERTAIN CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 1635 Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FORTENBERRY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1730 REQUIRING A REGIONAL STRATEGY TO ADDRESS THE THREAT POSED BY BOKO HARAM Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 1632) to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1632 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REGIONAL STRATEGY TO ADDRESS THE THREAT POSED BY BOKO HARAM. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GENERAL LEAVE Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to submit statements and extraneous materials for the RECORD on S. 1632. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I include the following exchange of letters in the RECORD during consideration of H.R. 4298: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, December 6, 2016. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 4298, the Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important bill, I am willing to waive this committee’s right to sequential referral. I do with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 4298 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you. Sincerely, JEFFMILLER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, December 6, 2016. Hon. JEFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MILLER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4298, the Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act. As you noted, the bill contains subject matter that falls within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 4298 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I will urge the Speaker to appoint Members of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to any conference committee named to consider this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4298. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HOLOCAUST EXPROPRIATED ART RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6130) to provide the victims of Holocaustera persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6130 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 6130, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. From 1933, when Hitler took power in Germany, until 1945, when the Allied Forces liberated Europe, the Nazis and their collaborators stole countless works of art and cultural objects from museums and private collections throughout Europe. Indeed, according to the American Alliance of Museums, the Nazi regime orchestrated a system of theft, confiscation, coercive transfer, looting, pillage, and the destruction of objects of art and other cultural property in Europe on a massive and an unprecedented scale. Millions of such objects were unlawfully and often forcibly taken from their rightful owners. This systematic looting and confiscation of the cultural property of the Jews and of other persecuted groups has been described as the greatest displacement of art in human history. In order to provide the victims of the Holocaust and their heirs a fair opportunity in our courts to recover artwork that had been confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, Representative NADLER and I, along with several other bipartisan cosponsors, introduced the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act, or HEAR Act. Companion legislation has been introduced by Senators CORNYN and S CHUMER in the Senate. Since World War II ended, the United States has pursued policies to help Holocaust victims reclaim artwork and other cultural property that was unlawfully taken. In recent years, the United States has joined with other nations to declare the importance of restoring Nazi looted and confiscated art to its rightful owners. For instance, in the 1998 Washington Conference Principles on NaziConfiscated Art, the United States and 43 other nations declared that Holocaust victims and their heirs should be encouraged to come forward and make known their claims to art that was confiscated by the Nazis and not subsequently restituted and that steps should be taken expeditiously to achieve a just and fair solution to such claims. In 2009, we joined with 48 other countries in declaring that governments should ensure that their legal systems facilitate just and fair solutions with regard to Naziconfiscated and looted art and make certain that the claims to recover such art are resolved expeditiously and based on the facts and merits of the claims. The enactment of the HEAR Act is an important step in following through on these principles. The vast majority of victims whose property was misappropriated during the Holocaust simply lacked the information, resources, and sometimes wherewithal to pursue litigation to recover their property. Even for those with the resources, locating and proving ownership of Nazi looted art proved to be extremely difficult. Moreover, the psychological trauma of the Holocaust often prevented victims from pursuing lost property. Those who have seen the recent movie ‘‘Woman in Gold,’’ which tells the story of Maria Altmann’s arduous legal battle to recover her family’s possessions that were seized by the Nazis, including the famous portrait of her aunt by Gustav Klimt, can understand just how difficult litigation to reclaim Naziconfiscated art can be. b1745 Ms. Altmann was in litigation for many years before her family’s artwork was recovered from the Austrian Government in 2006. At least in Ms. Altmann’s case, litigation was successful. However, as the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has observed: ‘‘Many obstacles face those who attempt to recover Holocaustera art through lawsuits,’’ including ‘‘procedural hurdles, such as statutes of limitations’’ that prevent the merits of claims from ever being adjudicated. Given the unique and horrific circumstances of World War II and the Holocaust, State statutes of limitations can be an unfair impediment to the victims and their heirs and contrary to the stated policy of the United States. Accordingly, the HEAR Act’s uniform, 6year Federal limitations period is needed to ensure that the United States fulfills its promises to ‘‘facilitate just and fair solution with regard to Naziconfiscated and looted art’’ and to ‘‘make certain that claims to recover such art are resolved expeditiously and based on the facts and merits of the claims.’’ I urge my colleagues to support this legislation so that cases involving Naziconfiscated artwork are resolved in our courts in a just and fair manner on the merits of those claims. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the work Mr. CONYERS , the ranking member, has done on this bill; Mr. GOODLATTE , the chairman and the sponsor; and Mr. NADLER , our Democratic colead. I rise in support of H.R. 6130, the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016. H.R. 6130 creates a new 6year Federal statute of limitations for civil claims filed in Federal or State court to allow a claimant to recover artwork and other cultural property that was stolen, seized, sold under duress, or otherwise lost as a result of Nazi persecution during the period from January 1, 1933, to December 31, 1945. The bill provides that this limitation period begins upon a claimant’s ‘‘actual discovery’’ of the identity and location of the art that was unlawfully lost, and information or facts sufficient to indicate that the claimant has a possessory interest in the art. In addition, the bill specifies that this new limitations period applies to cases filed prior to December 31, 2026. Finally, the bill’s provisions sunset on January 1, 2027. The new Federal limitations period established by H.R. 6130 is necessary because State statutes of limitations often bar claims if they are not filed within some specified number of years from the date of the loss. For Holocaustera claims concerning stolen art, this means that most statutes of limitations would bar cases even before victims are able to have actual knowledge of whether their art or other cultural property had been stolen by the Nazis and been located and still was present. Importantly, H.R. 6130 restores the claims that were barred by existing State statutes of limitations by deeming the bill’s date of enactment as the moment of ‘‘actual discovery’’ for purposes of triggering the bill’s new 6year limitations period. This critical legislation reinforces longstanding American policy, encouraging restitution for victims of the Nazi government or its allies and agents, including with respect to Nazi confiscated or looted art. As recently as this morning, a feature article was in The New York Times: ‘‘Jewish Dealer’s Heirs File Suit Over Art in Bavarian State Collection.’’ Indeed, that case is about the facts, but it shows that there are still 
active cases where it has been discovered that there was art that was owned by Jewish people that was taken by others and put in the hands of the Nazis, and there is an issue about whether or not there is a right to recovery. This would guarantee that those people who discover art—and this art was discovered some person’s house that had been hidden for years in a person’s house behind walls, and all of this valuable art that had been stolen and hidden was only discovered about 3 years ago—that the rightful owners, or heirs to the owners, would have a right in American courts to pursue justice. In recognition of the Nazi government’s deliberate campaign to steal artwork and other cultural property from its victims, H.R. 6130 rightfully ensures victims are given a chance to have their day in court to pursue justice. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes and 36 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6130, the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act. This legislation will help restore artwork and heritage stolen by the Nazis during the Holocaust to the rightful owners or heirs. I was proud to join Chairman GOODLATTE in introducing this bill, and I appreciate his efforts in moving it forward. In addition to their crimes of genocide and mass murder, the Nazis engaged in comprehensive, systemic theft of art and property mostly, but not entirely, from Jews all across Europe. The scope of their theft was massive, and the damaging effects remain with us today, with victims still seeking justice and some form of compensation. Nearly 20 years ago, in 1998, the United States brought together 44 nations to produce a set of principles on Nazi confiscated art. They agreed that steps should be taken expeditiously to achieve a just and fair solution to the outstanding claims. In 2009, the United States joined 45 other nations in Prague to issue what was known as the Terezin Declaration, which reaffirmed these principles. Unfortunately, today, 71 years after the defeat of the Nazis and the liberation of Europe, many American victims are still unable to pursue their claims in court because of restrictive statutes of limitations in the States. These laws generally require a claimant to bring a case within a limited number of years from when the loss occurred or should have been discovered; but in many instances, the information required to file a claim regarding artwork stolen by the Nazis was not brought to light until many years later, forcing courts to dismiss cases before they could be judged on the merits. In some cases, the law would have required a claim to be brought even before World War II ended. This is obviously unjust. Some States have attempted to make an exception to their statutes of limitations to accommodate these claims, but such efforts have been ruled unconstitutional, as an infringement on the Federal Government’s exclusive authority over foreign affairs. Federal legislation, therefore, is needed to bring justice to this area. This bill would set a uniform 6year Federal statute of limitations for the claims of Naziconfiscated art from the time that the identity and location of the artwork and the ownership interests of the claimant are actually discovered. It would also restore the claims of those claimants whose cases were dismissed previously because of a statute of limitations. This bill would finally ensure that the rightful owners and their decedents can have their claims properly adjudicated. I thank Ronald Lauder, president of the World Jewish Congress, for his determined efforts to see that this issue is resolved; and Chairman GOODLATTE  for working with me and our colleagues to bring this legislation forward. While no legislation or act of contrition will ever reverse the many horrors committed by the Nazis, one thing we can do is establish a fair judicial process so that some victims can achieve some small measure of justice. Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support for this legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), the carrier of the spirit of Congresswoman Barbara Jordan. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the manager, Mr. COHEN ; the chairman of the committee; both sponsors; the lead sponsor, Mr. NADLER of New York; and I thank the ranking member, Mr. CONYERS . I rise in strong support of H.R. 6130, the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016. I am very grateful that my colleagues have brought this to the attention of the House. This important legislation tries to bring some remedy and solace to a devastating era of genocide, the Holocaust. It provides the victims of Holocaustera persecution and genocide and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, and there were many. People wishing to claim ownership of art lost or confiscated during the Holocaust would have the proper time necessary to do so under H.R. 6130. The bill would apply to art and other antiquities, such as books, that were stolen from Jewish people and other persecuted groups by the German Nazi regime from 1933 to 1945. In the times that I visited Israel, I have spent much time in the Holocaust Museum, as I have spent time in the Holocaust exhibit and tribute here in Washington, and our own Holocaust Museum in Houston, Texas. I have been on the advisory board of the Holocaust Museum in Houston, Texas, and have participated in the Holocaust ceremonies here. This is a very important legal remedy. While the United States is a signatory of the 2009 Terezin Declaration, which states legal systems can facilitate claims of ownership of items lost during the Holocaust, the claims of potential owners in the U.S. have, however, faced barriers because of State statutes of limitation, which in some cases would have expired even before the end of World War II. Under this legislation, individuals would have as much as 6 years from the time they discover the identity and location of a piece of art or other property or learned that they may have ownership of such art or property to file an ownership claim. The bill’s findings would express the sense of Congress that setting one Federal statute of limitations will allow claims to be settled through alternative dispute resolution methods that will produce more just and fair outcomes. The actual bottom line of this legislation, as we were able to see in the Academy Awardwinning actress in the film ‘‘Woman in Gold,’’ which many of us saw, is that it is a fair and just relief for those so persecuted. What more can be taken from you— your life, your liberty, your lost loved ones—and then those special artifacts, antiquities that would bring back the memories of your family and your history? This legislation is well needed. It is a relief for those who are in pain. I support and ask my colleagues to support the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6130, the ‘‘Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016’’. I thank our colleague, Chairman G OODLATTE  for his work in guiding this legislation through the people’s House. This legislation provides the victims of Holocaustera persecution and genocide and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis. People wishing to claim ownership of art lost or confiscated during the Holocaust would have the proper time necessary to do so under H.R. 6130. The bill would apply to art and other antiquities, such as books, that were stolen from Jewish people and other persecuted groups by the German Nazi regime from 1933 to 1945. While the United States is a signatory of the 2009 Terezin Declaration, which urged legal systems can facilitate claims of ownership of items lost during the Holocaust, the claims of 
potential owners in the U.S. have, however, faced barriers because of state statutes of limitation, which in some cases would have expired even before the end of World War II. In a 2009 case, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ruled that a law in California that sought to extend the statute of limitations for Holocaust art recovery infringed on federal authority over foreign affairs. Under this legislation, individuals would have as many as six years from the time they discovered the identity and location of a piece of art or other property, or learned that they may have ownership of such art or property, to file an ownership claim. The bill’s findings would express the sense of Congress that setting one federal statute of limitations will allow claims to be settled through alternative dispute resolution methods that will produce more just and fair outcomes. Preexisting claims would be considered discovered on the date of the bill’s enactment, including claims that had previously been barred by federal or state statutes of limitation. While we can never erase the horrors of the Holocaust from human history, we can do our part to bring these treasures back to the families of those who suffered and sacrificed so much during that dark time. I join the American Society of Appraisers, B’nai B’rith International, the Federal Bar Association, the World Jewish Congress, and the World Jewish Restitution Organization in supporting this important legislation. Academy Awardwinning actress Helen Mirren, who starred in the 2015 film ‘‘Woman in Gold,’’ about the real life Maria Altmann’s fight to reclaim a painting taken from her family during this horrific atrocity, has pledged her support as well, testifying on behalf of companion bipartisan legislation introduced in the Senate Judiciary Committee by the Senior Senator from Texas, my friend JOHN CORNYN . We know there are many cases that still cry out for justice. For 75 years, since the start of World War II, these unremedied claims have seared festering wounds into the lives of brave survivors and their families. This legislation will finally allow us to celebrate the heirlooms and artifacts of varied heritage that stitch together the diversity of American culture with the thread of ageold and integral property rights we still cherish today. The legislation before us is intended to help us remove that stain once and for all. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me in voting for its passage. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This legislation is supported by many, including the American Jewish Committee, B’nai B’rith International, the Commission for Art Recovery, the World Jewish Congress, the World Jewish Restitution Organization, and the Association of Art Museum Directors. I do applaud Chairman GOODLATTE  and Mr. NADLER for their work on this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it. Just kind of parenthetically, I watched a movie called ‘‘Race,’’ which was put out last fall, about Jesse Owens. It was a movie about the 1936 Olympics and how Hitler didn’t want him to participate and how there were two Jewish runners who were supposed to participate and they were scratched by our American Olympic chairman because he didn’t want the Jewish men to run in front of Hitler and win—because they would have—and the Americans won by a large amount of space and time, and that was not allowed. Things that happened there should never be forgotten. Elie Wiesel was remembered at the Holocaust Museum recently, after he passed earlier this year. He told us that we can never forget, and we always should bear witness. We should bear witness and remember and try to do justice for the victims of the Holocaust, as we should to the people who have been disenfranchised and damaged and hurt by our periods of Jim Crow and slavery. Keep us attuned and aware and alert. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this is important legislation. I commend my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, as well as Members on this side of the aisle, for their bipartisan spirit in passing this. This will only do a small thing relative to trying to right the wrongs of the history of the Nazi regime, but it is an important step in that process. I strongly support the bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6130, the ‘‘Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016.’’ This bill creates a new uniform Federal 6 year statute of limitations for Nazistolen artwork and other cultural property and would allow Naziera stolen art claims currently barred by existing statutes of limitations to proceed in court. It also makes clear that the statute of limitations begins only after a claimant makes an actual discovery of his or her claim to artwork of disputed provenance. Victims of Nazi theft of artwork deserve access to the courts so that they can try to get some justice for the wrongs committed against them. This bill is critical to giving them that chance. The Nazis were notorious for, among other things, stealing hundreds of thousands of artworks from Europe during their reign of terror in the 1930’s and 1940’s, in what has been described as the greatest displacement of art in human history. The American Jewish Congress, B’nai B’rith International, and the Association of Art Museum Directors, among others, support this bill. While nothing we do can ever fully compensate victims of the Nazis, we can at least take this modest step towards helping those victims get some measure of restitution. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6130. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 612, GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–849) on the resolution (H. Res. 949) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
b1800 KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4919) to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4919 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016’’. TITLE I—MISSING ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE PATIENT ALERT PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Missing Americans Alert Program Act of 2016’’. 
ANDDEATH OF MISSING AMERICANS WITHDEMENTIA AND DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES .— Subject to the availability of appropriations to carry out this section, the Attorney General, through the Bureau of Justice Assistance and in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
For fiscal year 2017, no funds are authorized to be appropriated for an Edward Byrne Memorial criminal justice innovation program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I am inquiring whether anyone is in opposition to the bill. If not, I would like to claim the time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would inquire if the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) is opposed to the bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas will control 20 minutes in opposition to the bill. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 4919, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is estimated that 60 percent of the 5.3 million individuals 
with Alzheimer’s disease and 49 percent of children with autism are susceptible to wandering or leaving safe areas and the protection of a responsible caregiver. The results of wandering can be devastating to individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and children with developmental disabilities. The legislation we are considering today is named in honor of two boys with autism who wandered away from their caregivers and tragically drowned. The special circumstances surrounding cases of wandering individuals are circumstances that people in local communities such as first responders and school personnel are often not specifically trained to handle. The cost to local communities for a search for a missing person is extremely expensive, even in instances where the local law enforcement agency is trained. That is why we are considering Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016. It reauthorizes the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program and broadens the program to protect children with autism. This legislation authorizes DOJ to make grants to law enforcement agencies, public safety agencies, and nonprofit organizations to provide educational wandering prevention programming to families and caretakers of individuals who wander, as well as training to first responders and school personnel to facilitate rescue and recovery. The bill also enables parents and caregivers to apply for voluntary, noninvasive tracking technology that can be used to help locate a person who has wandered away from the care and safety of his or her home. While these devices are already in widespread use, there are many families that simply can’t afford them. The result is oftentimes an expensive search borne by State and local enforcement agencies that all too frequently results in tragic consequences. We have worked hard to address the privacy concerns that some have raised about this bill. The updated language makes it explicitly clear that this is a completely voluntary program, that all tracking devices must be noninvasive, and that the Federal Government may not store location data related to the devices. Finally, we make it clear that such devices are only to be recommended where they are the least restrictive alternative. American communities are safer when they are equipped with the training to prevent tragedies from happening. This legislation will assist communities in receiving valuable education on how to prevent individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and children with autism from wandering and to respond quickly and appropriately in cases in which they do. I urge all Members to support this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise, but I actually do so with a heavy heart. The level of respect I have for the people involved in this bill is really off the charts. These are wonderful people. I appreciate their mental clarity, their intellect, and their big hearts all involved in pushing this legislation in Congress. I can’t attribute motive outside Congress, but in Congress, I know it is with the best of intentions and best of hearts. When we start a Federal program, things that will be only temporary— things that were going to be only temporary come to mind like the income tax, and it was going to be small and temporary. Well, it is still going on, and it has gotten bigger. I have read the bill, and I want to thank the people involved. I have ultimate respect for both Chairman GOODLATTE and my friend CHRIS SMITH. I just couldn’t have stronger feelings for people. And my friend across the aisle, it would surprise some people, but we get along quite well, and I appreciate the care she has for people. Though there have been provisions added—there have been changes made to try to deal with some of the concerns that people like me have had—it is still a problem. If you look at page 21, the last page of the bill, it has this language added: ‘‘Voluntary participation. Nothing in this Act may be construed to require that a parent or guardian use a tracking device to monitor the location of a child or adult under that parent or guardian’s supervision if the parent or guardian does not believe the use of such device is necessary.’’ Frankly, I looked at making a provision like that and asking that it be in the bill, and then I realized: Wait a minute. There are back doors. There are things the Attorney General could do that could satisfy the language we have for ‘‘voluntary.’’ Okay. No, the parent or guardian won’t have to do that or monitor that, but we have the system in place. It is a Federal system. So now we have the capability to monitor and track people so, you know, gee, this person is a problem. The definition of who could have this procedure or implement used is, as we are told, people with Alzheimer’s, people with autism, people who may wander off or, and the words are, a developmental disability. Well, developmental disability, that is a severe or chronic disability of an individual 5 years or older that is attributable to a mental or physical impairment or combination of those. And so then we get over into the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, and we have seen the evolution of the DSM through 1, 2, 3—major changes at 3—4, 5. Personality disorders like antisocial disorder were once called sociopath or psychopath, but there is an argument that they are a developmental disorder, and they are chronic for so many people. So then you begin to see, well, we don’t have a very tight definition of what a developmentally disabled person is, and we look to the bill, and of course in trying to make this bill broader so it would include autism and other developmental disabilities, we see, on page 2, in the section header, we want to make clear this isn’t just Alzheimer’s disease patients so we insert the word ‘‘Americans,’’ which is a little broader than ‘‘Alzheimer’s disease patient.’’ Again, that is in the header, so it is not necessarily language, and people like me that have had to review language as a judge or a chief justice and write opinions on what words mean, how they apply to these circumstances, I see where this goes. We will have a Federal tracking program, but it is only for people with Alzheimer’s or autism that wander off. Well, yeah, or developmental disabilities, and that is pretty far reaching where we go with that. But it is just a mental health issue and it is a physical issue because we know—and I know this is what has driven my friend supporting this bill, we have had people wander off and be found dead. All of us have seen stories like that. The question is: Is it the job of the Federal Government to start a tracking program? And since it is mental disease, obviously the person who would be in charge of such a wonderful program that would help us track people with Alzheimer’s, autism, or other developmental disability, it would be the Secretary of Health and Human Services. But wait. The bill gives the authority to the Attorney General of the United States. We are talking Department of Justice. It does say a couple of places the AG will get with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and collaborate, but ultimately these decisions are the decisions of the Attorney General. The Attorney General will make the call. The bill specifically says that the Attorney General will also, basically, make all the rules and regulations with regard to this tracking system. And then it also says that the Attorney General will formulate the ‘‘best practices.’’ So maybe to me or someone in this body, developmental disability would mean one thing, and we do have definition in Federal law, but there, too, it is quite broad. I so much appreciate the insertion of the word ‘‘noninvasive’’ for the tracking device or system, and nonpermanent. Well, I know tattoos are nonpermanent if you go through what I understand is a pretty painful process. I had felony judge friends who would order people to have tattoos removed, so I guess you could say those were nonpermanent. But when you look at definitions of what noninvasive is—and I don’t find it in the bill. Perhaps it is somewhere in Federal law. But even then, you have the word ‘‘noninvasive’’ subject to interpretation. Whose interpretation? The Attorney General, the Department of Justice’s head, to make the determination of what is noninvasive. 
A definition in medicine, this or some similar are often used, that noninvasive would be a process that does not violate the integrity of the mucocutaneous barriers. Well, if you insert a chip just above the subcutaneous barriers, would that be noninvasive? If you go a little bit under the subcutaneous barriers, would that be noninvasive? Well, there is only one way to find out, and that is once the Attorney General formulates the regulations and the best practices, then we find out what is actually noninvasive. There is a procedure, and this indicates the people who prepared this bill—and I am not being sarcastic. They were really trying to figure out a way to protect an overoppressive government. You have to have a procedure of appeal, and the Attorney General will help set that up. If you have a complaint, you think something is not being done properly, well, the Attorney General is going to help create the rules that allow you to complain or appeal on that. b1815 Oh, and by the way, I never wanted to be in a football, basketball, or baseball game—and I love all those sports and played them all—but I never wanted to be in the game where the referee is the one that wrote the rules for our league, because they didn’t yield and their opinion was better than the rules on the page, no matter what the page said. So the Attorney General can tell us what he really meant or she really meant. Voluntary, I appreciate that part, but we have a Federal tracking system and it says here in the bill it is to prevent violence or injury or even death to one’s self, to the person, or injury to someone else. Now, why would this be a concern today, other than the fact that we have seen reports come out of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights and the Department of Homeland Security who think that people who deny manmade climate change are committing, basically, a law against nature. They are violating a law against nature. We see now where there are people who just put in your search engine religious beliefs, mental disorders, and you will have all kinds of investigations come up. There are people in this government, like those in the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, that think that those who claim to be Christians and use code words like ‘religious liberty,’ that that is code for Islamophobia, homophobia, xenophobia, not understanding that a true Christian is basing their beliefs and their trust in Jesus Christ, who is love incarnate. Nonetheless, we have government officials that think that religious beliefs are a problem, and that the even bigger problem is, if you are a veteran—that is what Homeland Security has said— and you believe in the strict interpretation of the words on the pages of the Constitution, that makes you a bigger threat. So when we are talking about terms that we have seen change over the years, we have seen the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual have massive change. Why? Sometimes it is because medicine, psychology, or psychiatry has made great discoveries and improvements, and sometimes it is because one group has a better lobbying group than others. Mr. Speaker, by the way, other good language here is that none of the money can be used for conferences that may cost more than $20,000, unless they do certain things. Another good provision is that none of the money may be used to create a Federal database, but the money will be used for State, local, nonprofit organizations. I can’t find anything that says that we in the Federal Government cannot fund State and local databases of individuals that have developmental disabilities such as they are too religious and, therefore, they are deemed to have a developmental disability, antisocial personalities. It is just too open and there are too many loopholes. I like the idea; and the more I thought about it, the more I read the language, the more I saw the open loopholes that could result in a Federal tracking system that George Orwell would have been embarrassed about. So, with brotherly and appeared appreciation for those pursuing this bill out of the best of intentions—just wanting to stop death and harm to one’s self because you have autism, Alzheimer’s—Mr. Speaker, I humbly submit this is a dangerous door for any government to open, a door that Orwell would have warned about. People told me, well, gee, there is ink that you can use in a tattoo that can be tracked. I don’t know. It is a door that we should not open at the Federal level to begin a program of tracking, no matter whether it is State or local officials that have the database and we get it and look at it or what. So I hope that the bill doesn’t pass and we can work together to find ways to help those who cannot help themselves. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 17 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 4
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding and let me thank the sponsor of this bill. Five minutes certainly will not be enough time to refute my good friend from Texas, but let me start by saying to my colleagues that this bill is about saving lives. Let me say it again. It is squarely, on its face, simply about saving lives. I support this bipartisan measure because it addresses an urgent need, one with which I have had firsthand experience. As a Member of the United States Congress, I take great concern, as we all do, with the individual lives of our constituents. I have had at least two occasions to deal with missing adults whose families have been in pain. Those adults have been missing because of dementia or Alzheimer’s. Out of their plight, we have sought law enforcement to be of help to look for these loved ones. This bill would amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to reauthorize and expand the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program. Across our Nation, there are millions of children who suffer from autism or mental developmental disorders, as well as individuals suffering from Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. What is the crux of this bill? A few years ago, Congresswoman WATERS and myself introduced amendments to the Elder Justice Act and Elder Abuse Victims Act, which reauthorized and expanded the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program’s key provisions. The Department of Justice program supports the use of new technologies to help local communities and law enforcement officials quickly locate and identify people with Alzheimer’s disease who wander or are missing and reunite them with their families, providing vital assistance to a vulnerable population. Again, Mr. Speaker, it is about saving lives. We know, in 2016, one in nine older Americans have Alzheimer’s disease; 6 in 10 people with dementia will wander. Alzheimer’s was the sixth leading cause of death in 2013 in Texas alone. As it relates to children and autism, nearly half of the children with autism engage in wandering behavior. More than onethird of children with autism who wander are never or rarely able to communicate their name, address, or phone number. Accidental drowning accounts for approximately 90 percent of lethal outcomes as relate to children with autism who wander. Let me speak specifically to the legislation before us and answer the concerns. There is no evidence in this bill that any invasive activity will occur. No chip will be put in an adult or a child who is suffering either from autism as a child—a wanderer—or an adult. It clearly says that this is a collaboration between the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, who will only focus on leading research advocacy, selfadvocacy, and service organizations to help establish standards and best practices relating to the use of noninvasive, nonpermanent tracking technology where the guardian or parent, in consultation with the individual’s 
healthcare provider, has determined that a noninvasive and nonpermanent tracking device is the least restrictive alternative to locate individuals. Nothing will occur, Mr. Speaker, to any loved ones without the permission of that loved one’s guardian or parent, and it is only to be able to save lives. The Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services will have no further input, other than to make sure that whatever is utilized is noninvasive, best practices, and will do no harm. What is the role of the Federal Government? It is to solve problems. We are attempting to come here today for the loved ones all over America. Meet the family of an autistic child—a loving child, a loving family. They know that is a talented and wonderful, beautiful child, but they have a tendency to wander. Come, for example, and stand in the shoes of a family in Houston, Texas. During a wonderful holiday season, the Thanksgiving season, a time of joy and family gathering, a beautiful little 9 yearold boy walked out of the house. They said he may have his iPad with him, he may have his earphones, he might not have any shoes on, but don’t call his name, don’t bother to chase him, because the likelihood is he will run away from you. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an additional 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Just think, if there had been that acceptable tracking device, noninvasive. Mr. Speaker, I am as concerned about privacy as my good friend from Texas. We have sat on the Judiciary Committee together and we have supported, first, when we were dealing with the issues of terrorism after 9/11, the PATRIOT Act. We came together. We were standing strong against the invasiveness that violates the privacy of the American people and violates the Constitution. This is not that case. There are families out there who are suffering the loss of their loved ones, whether it is an elderly person or whether it is that beautiful, young child who happens to be autistic, who is in a world of their own and who decided to wander. Just think of the wonderful device that would help save lives. I ask my colleagues to vote on this bill as a lifesaving bill that needs the love and affection of every Member of Congress to give love and affection to those families that are suffering and need our help. We are problem solvers. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4919, the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016,’’ as amended. I support this bipartisan measure because it addresses an urgent need. The bill would amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to reauthorize and expand the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program. Across our Nation, there are millions of children who suffer from autism or mental developmental disorders as well as individuals suffering from Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. These children and adults are often at serious risk of injury or even death when they wander away from their caregivers. In many cases, they are disoriented and unable to seek help for themselves. They may not even remember their name or where they live. Worse yet, they can be seriously injured or worse. This bill, in fact, is named for two young boys—Kevin and Avonte—who died tragically after wandering away from their caregivers. To address this problem, H.R. 4919 would significantly improve the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program in several significant respects. First, the bill would expand the scope of the Program to authorize grants to locally based organizations to fund initiatives, activities, and services related to children with autism and developmental disabilities. Second, the bill would authorize grants for the development and operation of location tracking services in appropriate circumstances. H.R. 4919 also expands the grant program authorized by the Missing Children’s Assistance Act specifically for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to provide technical assistance and training in cases involving children with developmental disorders. Although H.R. 4919 expands the existing grant system and renames it as the Missing Americans Alert Program, the central purpose of the Program will remain the same. Grants would continue to be provided to the many agencies and organizations that protect and locate missing individuals suffering from disorders that result in wandering with the goal of reducing incidences of wandering and the resultant risk of injury and death. To ensure these efforts are done effectively, prevent abuse with respect to any use of tracking technology, and protect privacy interests, the bill establishes standards and best practices. While H.R. 4919 will help address an important issue, I am concerned that the suspension version of the bill will reduces the authorization for funding for another grant program in order to satisfy the ‘‘cutgo’’ requirements of the Majority. I do not see the need to reduce the authorization for one good program to fund another, and I hope we will be able to address this issue as we work with the Senate on final legislation for enactment. Nevertheless, H.R. 4919 overall is an important measure that will provide real assistance to those who are among the most vulnerable in our society. As this Congress comes to a close, I am pleased that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have worked together in a spirit of compromise to address a critical issue that unfortunately affects so many Americans. It is my hope that this spirit of cooperation will continue into the next Congress, particularly in the area of criminal justice reform. I am pleased to support H.R. 4919 because this bill would reauthorize and expand the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program and authorize grants to establish and operate programs that provide location tracking services for children with autism or other developmental and adults with Alzheimer’s or dementia—something I have long advocated for and worked to make law. Thousands of adults and children go missing each year. While we must be concerned for all individuals who go missing, adults and children, with mental deficiencies or disabilities, require more particularized consideration due to their vulnerability. Adults who suffer from Alzheimer’s or dementia and children with autism spectrum disorders, or other developmental disorders, are prone to wander away from safe places. A study published this year by researchers at Cohen Children’s Medical Center of New York reported that more than 250,000 school age children with autism or other developmental disorders wander away from adult supervision each year. The National Crime Information Center reported that, between 2011 and 2015, roughly 16–17 percent of adults reported missing suffered from a mental or physical disability or senility. When these individuals wander away, they are oftentimes at great risk of serious injury or even death. This bill is named for two children who wandered away and drowned. Sadly, each one of us has a similar story about a constituent. I have pushed so hard for this type of legislation so that we do not have to tell more stories like the one of Mr. Sammy Kirk, a native of Houston, whose family called me for help in locating him. Mr. Kirk was 76 years old and suffered from dementia when he wandered away. His family searched for him for days to no avail. In their desperation, they called on me to lend my services to them to help find him. We searched together for Mr. Kirk for three days and nights. When we found him, he had succumbed to dehydration. His body lay alongside a bayou, many miles away from his home. I have advocated for so long, along with my colleague, Rep. MAXINE WATERS , in attempting to establish a pilot program during the 109th and 110th Congresses to provide voluntary electronic monitoring services to elderly individuals to assist in locating such individuals when they are reported missing. Mr. Kirk and many others might have been saved if such a program already existed. The need for individual location tracking is just as critical as it was in 2008, when I and Congresswoman WATERS offered amendments to several bills providing for such programs, including the Elder Justice Act and the Elder Abuse Victims Act. I am pleased that the key provisions of the Jackson LeeWaters Amendments have been incorporated into the bill before us today. More than 5 million Americans suffer from Alzheimer’s disease and 1 in 68 children has an autism spectrum disorder. Almost half of wandering Alzheimer’s patients will be seriously injured or die if they are not found within 24 hours of their departure. Like their older counterparts, almost half of autistic children are expected to wander away from their caregivers. Several studies predict that many of these children will be at risk of drowning or sustaining a traffic injury. 
The number of citizens suffering from Alzheimer’s, dementia, autism, or developmental disorders is expected to grow rapidly and exponentially. The time has come for us to offer all that we have available to prevent any more stories like that of Kevin Curtis Wills, or Avonte Oquendo, Mr. Sammy Kirk, or just as recently as this Thanksgiving holiday, Marcus McGhee. Let us focus our efforts on assisting state and local governments in the development of alert systems and technology to protect some of our most vulnerable constituents and locate them, if the time ever comes. This bill would provide for a host of entities and measures that work together to protect, locate, and recover loved ones, including education and training. This bill would also expand the grants that can be awarded to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to provide technical assistance and training in the prevention, investigation, prosecution, and treatment of cases to also include children with developmental disabilities. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to see this bill before us today. It is a good piece of legislation that responds to a need that has reached a tipping point. I am concerned about the cutting of funds for the Byrne Innovation program for 2017, however the Continuing Resolution will provide funding until April 2017. 
CHILDREN WITH AUTISM FACT SHEET  Autism is one of the fastestgrowing developmental disorders in the U.S. Nearly half of children with autism engage in wandering behavior. More than 1/3 of children with autism who wander are never or rarely able to communicate their name, address or phone number. Accidental drowning accounts for approximately 90% of lethal outcomes among children with autism who wander. Other dangers include dehydration; heat stroke; hypothermia; traffic injuries; falls; physical restraint encounters with a stranger. After intellectual disabilities, autism is the most common developmental disorder. A white child with autism is almost 3 times more likely to receive an accurate diagnosis of autism on their first visit to a specialist, than a black child. Children diagnosed as early as 18 months to 3 years have the benefit of preschool intervention programs in their most formative years. The average AfricanAmerican child with autism is not diagnosed until they are 5 years old. Recently, the Centers for Disease Control released a 2016 report, announcing an increase in autism from one child in 88 to one in 42. Autism costs a family $60,000 a year on average. Boys are nearly five times more likely than girls to have autism. Half of families report they have never received advice or guidance about elopement from a professional. 
AMERICANS WITH ALZHEIMER ’S FACT SHEET  In 2016, 1 in 9 older Americans had Alzheimer’s disease. 6 in 10 people with dementia will wander. Alzheimer’s was the 6th leading cause of death in 2013 in Texas. Of the 5.4 million Americans with Alzheimer’s, an estimated 5.2 million people are age 65 and older, and approximately 200,000 individuals are under age 65 (youngeronset Alzheimer’s). Almost 2/3 of Americans with Alzheimer’s were women in 2014. Among people age 70, 61% of those with Alzheimer’s are expected to die before the age of 80 compared with 30% of people with Alzheimer’s—a rate twice as high. In 2015, 15.9 million family and friends provided 18.1 billion hours of unpaid care to those with Alzheimer’s and other dementias—an estimated $221.3 billion. In 2016, Alzheimer’s and other dementias will cost the nation $236 billion. Studies have shown that early diagnosis and the creation of a stimulating and supportive environment can be beneficial in slowing the progression of Alzheimer’s. In addition to looking for a cure, researchers are focusing more and more on supporting the caregivers who spend upwards of 13 hours a day caring for loved ones. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. GOODLATTE , for his enormous efforts and those of his staff to, out of an abundance of caution, address some of the issues that were raised by my friend from Texas. I don’t think some of his concerns were included or at risk in the bill, but we clarified and made very clear about voluntary participation and the issue of noninvasiveness and nonpermanent, which is now clearly defined in the legislation. So it is an improvement. Mr. GOODLATTE was the one who came up with that language. The language that deals with the collection, use, and retention of data is solely for the purpose of preventing injury or death to the patient. Mr. Speaker, in the year 2000, I cofounded two caucuses: the Autism Caucus and the Alzheimer’s Caucus. I wrote three laws on autism, including the most recent Autism CARES Act, which not only provides $1.3 billion for autism and research at NIH, CDC, and HRSA, but also looks at the aging out issue. Law enforcement is not ready to deal with severely autistic children who, when you approach them, need a certain approach so that they don’t react violently, especially if they have a sense of threat. As my good friend and colleague from Virginia, the distinguished chairman said, about 50 percent of autistic children wander. We know at least 100 children since 2011 have died. The bill is named after two of them who drowned. b1830 A benign tracking device that is noninvasive, there is no collection or use other than for the prevention of injury or death, and, of course, there is no national storage. If you ask, I say to my colleagues, your local sheriffs, your law enforcement about the lifesaving program, some have it, some don’t. Within about onehalf hour of an Alzheimer’s patient or an autistic patient being lost, wandering, they find them. Those who are not found in 24 hours, not only have got a 50 percent chance of getting hurt themselves, but can hurt other people. About 60 percent of the Alzheimer’s community wander at some point. This is a way of protecting and preventing injury. I say to my colleague, my good friend from Texas, he is reading into the things that are not there. One of the groups put out an alert suggesting a vote against this and hadn’t even read the clarifications out of an abundance of caution, again, put in there by Mr. GOODLATTE . So I would hope that Members would support this. This will save lives. And we are not reinventing the wheel. The Alzheimer’s program was in effect without any parade of horribles occurring as a result. I check with Alzheimer’s patients all the time, Alzheimer’s Association and, of course, Autism Speaks, and others who are all for this. They want this desperately because wandering is a serious problem. We want to get our loved ones, find our loved ones who have developmental disabilities or have Alzheimer’s, and make sure they get back to a safe and secure environment as quickly as possible. That is all this does. So I urge my colleagues to support it. I, again, thank the chairman. I thank Mr. CONYERS and others. This is a bipartisan bill. Senators GRASSLEY and SCHUMER sponsored it on the Senate side, Ms. MAXINE WATERS —it is the left, right, middle, everybody in between. This is about helping people who are at grave risk when they wander. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers other than myself, and I believe I have the right to close, so I will reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I will not bow to anyone who may think they have greater love or care or commitment to people who suffer from dementia or other developmental disabilities. I have spent an awful lot of time with people I love. But let me just tell you, Mr. Speaker—let me finish that. The people I love, I don’t know if they knew where they were. I have spent time with family and people I love who struggle with these very issues. I know there is a danger of death. There is a danger of injury. Whether Franklin said it or not, those who will give up a little liberty to get security deserve neither. Whoever said it, I think it was Franklin, some say it wasn’t, but it is true. We are told, this is strictly for all those people out there that have autistic kids or people with developmental disability. Well, they haven’t used—nobody here has used developmental disability but me. But the truth is, the reason I heard about this bill, my staff tells me, is we 
just got a call from someone who has an autistic child, and they are scared to death that the Federal Government is going to start a tracking program for kids with autism. And yeah, they will provision in here that it is supposed to be voluntary, but once you have the system in place—I can guarantee you, I have seen programs like this get started. And when I am a judge and law officers come in and say, this person is a threat, they swear to it, the evidence is in the affidavit then, yes, I will give them a warrant to go use whatever they say they believe will be the best way to handle the situation. Once it is in place, it is going to be used by more than parents; you can count on it. And if you look at Page 17: The Attorney General shall determine the criteria. The Attorney General shall determine the criteria for determining who should have direct access to the tracking system and determine what is noninvasive, what is nonpermanent. The Attorney General shall make sure that the tracking device access to data is restricted to law enforcement and health agencies, but whoever the Attorney General determines. I am telling you, this is opening Pandora’s box. And as a parent said to us, we can track our child using our own resources. And if we don’t have the resources, there are charities that will help us. Please don’t let the government start a tracking program because people in this room could end up being on the list of people who end up having developmental disabilities; and they are a threat, as Homeland Security says, so many of our veterans and our constitutionalists are today. This is about using resources that people have, and if they don’t then let’s use charitable money so that the government doesn’t invade our privacy any more than it already has, already does. I care about the injuries. I have devoted so much of my life to punishing those who violate people’s space; that harm others; that kill others. I have not backed away from that commitment. But the government’s job is not to be a dictator or to be a big brother. We never do that well. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my good friend from Texas, and he is my good friend from Texas, that I know that he loves people with developmental disabilities, people with Alzheimer’s, families that face the challenge of autism, and I know that his heart is in the right place. But I also know that we have just an honest difference of opinion about what we are doing here and the best way to save the lives of people when they are lost. I know in my community of Roanoke, Virginia, that we have people, both with Alzheimer’s and with autism, who wander off. Sometimes families are able to provide other means of keeping them safe, and sometimes they are not. But I would argue to you that a tracking device that is not federally administered, that does not have data that is stored by the Federal Government, that is simply a program that already exists and is simply being changed to allow it to apply to families with autistic members of the family who want to voluntarily participate in this, and is something that not only saves lives but also creates more freedom, not more government surveillance or more government intervention in people’s lives, as the gentleman is concerned about, but actually more freedom, more freedom so that people can move about a little more freely, and others can know, family members can know where they are. I think that this is an important change in this law that is going to make life better for families and give them peace of mind, more freedom of movement, and the ability to find them if they do wander off, as has happened so often, as happened in the case of Kevin and Avonte, the children for whom this legislation is named. I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey for his hard work over a long period of time on this. I think the Judiciary Committee has done good work to improve this. I want to thank the ranking member. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas. I want to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard work to make this bill, a good bill, even better. To address the concerns raised by the gentleman from Texas, again, this is voluntary. We are not starting a program. It already exists. And the authority of the Attorney General, in conjunction with the Department of Health and Human Services, because it is primarily a training and education program to State and local law enforcement, so that when first responders and law enforcement personnel and so on are called to look for someone whose life is endangered, as it happens every day, unfortunately, somewhere in this great country, they will have a new, good, noninvasive tool to help protect the lives of the innocent, the lives of those who don’t know where they might be headed or where they might be and, therefore, can help families find them, help first responders find them, bring them back to safety, save their lives. That is what this bill is about. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4919, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
PROMOTING TRAVEL, COMMERCE, AND NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6431) to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6431 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 6431, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today we consider on suspension H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016. The bill’s origin stems from an international agreement entered into between Canada and the United States in March 2015, known as the agreement on Land, Rail, Marine, and Air Transport Preclearance. This agreement established an immigration and trade preclearance system to strengthen economic competitiveness and national security. Preclearance facilities permit travelers to pass through U.S. Customs and Border Protection inspections at a particular foreign port prior to entering the United States. This process expedites a traveler’s arrival in the U.S., while also protecting national security by preventing from entry those individuals deemed a threat. CBP officers currently conduct preclearance operations at airports around the world, including various Canadian airports, marine ports, and a rail station in British Columbia. H.R. 6431 helps implement the foregoing agreement by ensuring that U.S. Government personnel who are stationed in Canada, particularly CBP preclearance officers, may be held accountable in U.S. courts if they commit a crime while performing their official duties, assuming their actions would constitute a crime, if committed in the United States. Strengthening our Nation’s relationship with our northern neighbor is important for both our economy and national security. H.R. 6431 helps pave the way for increased cooperation with Canada to spur economic growth here at home and prevent those who shouldn’t be coming to the United States from arriving in the first place. I want to thank Representatives KUSTER and S TEFANIK for their work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my first order of business is to thank Congresswoman KUSTER for her leadership on this legislation; and then to make mention of a bill just an hour or two ago that bears mentioning, that I want to take note of the importance of its passage, and that is S. 1632. In the House it was H.R. 3833. The Senate bill has now passed, a bill to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. b1845 As I begin to discuss this bill, the issue of security is on all of our minds, certainly the tragedy of the Boko Haram onslaught in Nigeria, the missing Chibok girls should be on our mind, and this bill that I just mentioned that was passed and supported by Congresswoman WILSON of Florida will be a very, very important initiative, one of which I cosponsored and will continue to work on this issue. Now I rise in strong support of H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016. The bill would establish U.S. criminal jurisdiction over offenses committed by Federal employees conducting border security duties in Canada. In so doing, H.R. 6431 will strengthen our national security as well as promote the safe and efficient flow of travelers and goods between the United States and Canada, one of the United States’ strongest allies. In addition, it will facilitate the expansion of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance facilities in Canada, which is our Nation’s largest trading partner. Each day, our countries trade billions of dollars of goods, services, and stock investments. Annually this relationship generates in excess of $1.4 trillion in value. This partnership also creates millions of jobs for both Canadians and Americans. To protect this incredibly important relationship, the Beyond the Border agreement between the United States and Canada created a plan to enhance national security and promote efficient travel and trade. This agreement is intended to facilitate the expansion of U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance facilities in Canada, which prevents inadmissible people and items from entering the United States before they reach a U.S. entry point. The United States, as a result of this agreement, saves millions of dollars in processing costs, and our national security is strengthened because potential threats are stopped before they access U.S. soil. In addition, preclearance facilities help alleviate congestion for millions of travelers and traders arriving at U.S. airports from Canada. That is a very, very important aspect of this legislation, along with its very strong security commitment. The expansion will include rail preclearance facilities for the first time, thereby creating another safe and efficient way to travel between each country. This bill is intended to resolve a final procedural impediment to the full expansion of the preclearance facilities in Canada by ensuring that U.S. personnel who work at these facilities are held accountable under U.S. law. Again, I thank my good friend, Congresswoman KUSTER . Her leadership is one that we are greatly appreciative of. I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 6431. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6431, the ‘‘Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016.’’ This bill would establish U.S. criminal jurisdiction over offenses committed by federal employees conducting border security duties in Canada. In so doing, H.R. 6431 will strengthen our national security as well as promote the safe and efficient flow of travelers and goods between the United States and Canada. In addition, it will facilitate the expansion of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection pre clearance facilities in Canada, which is our Nation’s largest trading partner. Each day, our countries trade billions of dollars of goods, services and stock investments. Annually, this relationship generates in excess of $1.4 trillion in value. And, this partnership also creates millions of jobs for both Canadians and Americans. To protect this incredibly important relationship, the ‘‘Beyond the Border Agreement’’ between the United States and Canada created a plan to enhance national security and promote efficient travel and trade. This Agreement is intended to facilitate the expansion of U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance facilities in Canada, which prevents inadmissible people and items from entering the United States before they reach a U.S. entry point. The United States, as a result of this Agreement, saves millions of dollars in processing costs and our national security is strengthened because potential threats are stopped before they access U.S. soil. In addition, preclearance facilities help alleviate congestion for millions of travelers and traders arriving at U.S. airports from Canada. And, the expansion will include rail preclearance facilities for the first time, thereby creating another safe and efficient way to travel between each country. This bill is intended to resolve a final procedural impediment to the full expansion of the preclearance facilities in Canada by ensuring that U.S. personnel who work at these facilities are held accountable under U.S. law. H.R. 6431 is an important bill that will advance the interests of the United States. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, which will allow the expansion of preclearance facilities in Canada and thereby enhance national security and promote trade and travel in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), who is one of the chief sponsors of this legislation. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act. First I want to take a moment to thank my colleague, Congresswoman KUSTER , for all of her efforts on this important bill. As you can see, the need for preclearance and this bill stretches across party lines and across our great Nation. In my district and communities in northern New York, Canada is more than just a bordering nation. They are our neighbors, our friends, and our largest trading partner. Plattsburgh, a city in my district, has even branded itself as Montreal’s U.S. suburb, home to more than 100 U.S. subsidiaries of Canadian companies with 15 percent of our area workforce working for a Canadian or borderrelated employer. That is why I helped lead the efforts to craft H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act—a necessary step to solidify the preclearance agreement between the U.S. and Canada, which was reached over a year ago. This significant, bipartisan legislation is great news for U.S.Canadian relations. It maintains a positive working relationship with border officials, especially in rural regions like ours in the north country, and it allows for facility sharing along the border. This bill also expands U.S. preclearance operations to help provide expedited screening for Amtrak passengers prior to traveling. This process will allow for an easier and accelerated trip while ensuring necessary protections for our national security. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this vital legislation to maintain a secure northern border and facilitate travel and commerce between the U.S. and Canada. I urge the Senate to act quickly to send this measure to the President. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ), who is the author of this legislation. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas, and I thank the chair, Mr. GOODLATTE . Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016. In my home State of New Hampshire, Granite Staters understand the special relationship that Americans have with Canada. For families in the north country and my district, many of their relatives live just across the border in Quebec, and many of our businesses rely on crossborder trade to grow and expand their operations. According to the State Department, the United States and Canada share the single longest international border in the world and trade over $1.8 billion every day in goods and services, supporting millions of jobs in the U.S. Furthermore, approximately 380,000 people cross our border every day, and can do so safely because of the close coordination between U.S. and Canadian border security officials. Many of these travelers save time by utilizing preclearance facilities that are operated by Customs and Border Protection officials at nine different Canadian airports. Preclearance has numerous security, travel, and trade benefits that present the United States and Canada with a winwin opportunity. First and foremost, preclearance enhances our national security efforts by detecting threats early before they reach U.S. soil. Because travelers go through customs and border inspection prior to boarding their plane, preclearance can intercept inadmissible travelers before they reach the U.S. In fact, in 2014 alone, preclearance operations prevented more than 10,000 inadmissible travelers from coming to the United States, saving American taxpayers more than $20 million in detention, processing, and repatriation costs. Second, preclearance boosts cross border trade by increasing foreign direct investment, creating new jobs and opening up high value tourism to regional markets in the United States. Third, preclearance improves the overall experience for travelers—particularly those who travel frequently for work—by reducing wait times at border crossings. Because passengers undergo screening prior to travel, they are not subjected to long lines when they arrive in the United States. To build upon the existing benefits of preclearance, the United States and Canada signed a new, groundbreaking preclearance agreement in 2015 that will pave the pathway for the expansion of these facilities at land, rail, marine, and air ports of entry. This new agreement represents a 21st century approach to border security, but in order for the 2015 preclearance agreement to be finalized, we must pass legislation in both the United States Congress and the Canadian Parliament, which is what brings us to the floor today. My bipartisan legislation, H.R. 6431, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act, will finalize the 2015 preclearance agreement by ensuring that the United States has the legal authority to fairly hold CBP officials accountable if they engage in wrongdoing abroad. Under the new preclearance agreement, the United States secured the right to prosecute U.S. officials if they commit crimes on the job while stationed in Canada. Our legislation gives the United States the ability to prosecute any cases of wrongdoing on our own soil and ensures that we are holding all officials accountable. I am so proud of the bipartisan efforts to get this bill across the finish line. I thank my colleague, Congresswoman ELISE STEFANIK , for her tireless efforts to advance this critical piece of legislation. I would also thank the 23 bipartisan cosponsors who have championed this bill and supported our efforts to pass the bill before the close of the 114th Congress. I ask for immediate passage of the bill. I thank the chair and the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I will close at this time. It is my pleasure to indicate what an important bill H.R. 6431 is because it will advance the interests of the United States. I thank the two leading cosponsors for their collaboration and for their leadership: the gentlewoman from New York and the gentlewoman from New Hampshire. I thank the gentlewomen so very much for bringing this bill forward and working so hard on it to improve the relationships and the ability for travel and commerce between Canada and the United States. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, which will allow the expansion of preclearance facilities in Canada, thereby enhance national security and promote trade and travel in the United States. I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I would just like to say congratulations and good work to the gentlewoman from New York and the gentlewoman from New Hampshire. This is a good bill, and we should pass it right now. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6431, the ‘‘Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016.’’ The United States and Canada have enjoyed a long and fruitful trade relationship which has created millions of jobs and pumped trillions of dollars into both economies. This bill protects and supports this relationship by taking the final step necessary to expand the U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance facilities in Canada. It does this by establishing U.S. criminal jurisdiction over offenses committed by federal employees conducting border security duties in Canada. Preclearance facilities help expedite travel between the United States and Canada by allowing the U.S. Customs and Border Protection to inspect people before they leave Canada. This helps travelers avoid the backlog at our Nation’s airports. And helps stop potential threats to our national security before they reach the United States. Moreover, this joint effort each year saves the United States millions of dollars by repatriating individuals and items that are not allowed in the United States. This bill, which is required for the expansion of preclearance operations in Canada, simply ensures that U.S. personnel who work at 
these facilities are accountable under federal criminal law for their conduct. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 6431, which ensures a safer and more efficient trade relationship with Canada. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. STEFANIK ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6431. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EMMETT TILL UNSOLVED CIVIL RIGHTS CRIMES REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2854) to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2854 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
OF‘CRIMINAL CIVIL RIGHTS STATUTES ’’’ and in serting ‘‘
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 2854, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, this bill is an important step in continuing to investigate the crimes and terror inflicted on so many involved in the civil rights movement. This bill will help to right those past wrongs and help to find justice for the families who lost loved ones in the civil rights effort. Specifically, this bill reauthorizes and updates the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act that was passed 10 years ago. It responds to concerns that victims’ families and those working in this area have had about the implementation of the original legislation. In doing so, it strengthens the collaboration between the FBI, the Department of Justice, and local law enforcement to make sure that the goals of this legislation are met. By providing clearer direction and improved coordination between all the relevant stakeholders, this bill will help to ensure that these crimes will be solved and families who lost loved ones will be able to find justice. This legislation also addresses some of the concerns with the Senatepassed language by making sure that the bill is fully offset, that a sunset provision is included, and by providing greater clarity regarding the collaboration between various stakeholders. 
Finally, I thank both Ranking Members CONYERS and L EWIS—civil rights leaders and icons on these issues—for working with Senator BURR and other stakeholders to reach agreement on this bill, as well as for their tireless work on the underlying legislation. b1900 It is important that the Federal Government investigates and prosecutes these crimes to the greatest extent possible, and this important legislation will give the Department of Justice the ability and the direction to do just that. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, in June of 2007, this body passed, and the President subsequently signed, the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act. Since that time, the Department of Justice and cold case advocates have reviewed hundreds of cases in a search for justice and a sense of closure for the families of those who fell victim to racial violence in one of the most tumultuous periods of this Nation’s history. For those who did not live through the civil rights era, it is difficult to understand the combined climate of excitement for change that coexisted with one of fear and violence. Simply for acting on their ideals of racial equality, innocent people—young and old, Black and White—were struck down. In some cases, unfortunately, State and local law enforcement colluded with the perpetrators of anticivil rights violence; and attempts at justice often proved to be a charade, ending with jury nullification or tampering by racist citizens’ councils. The civil rights community has reported that for every infamous killing that tore at the South in the 1950s and 1960s, there were many more that were barely noted or investigated. We, I am proud to say, passed the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act in 2007 to help bring these cases to light and seek justice for victims and their families. Even after nearly a decade of effort by advocates in the Justice Department, it remains clear that much work remains to heal the wounds of this period of history. To that end, the Emmett Till Reauthorization Act will create a formal framework for public engagement between the Department of Justice and cold case advocates to share information and review the status and closure of cases through 1980. The legislation further authorizes appropriations and tasks the Department’s Community Relations Service with bringing together law enforcement agencies and communities to address the tensions raised by civil rights era crimes. The title of this bill serves as a reminder of one of the many lives that was cut much too short as a result of racially motivated hate and violence. Emmett Till was a 14yearold African American young man from Chicago who allegedly whistled at a White woman. Shortly thereafter, he was found murdered and tortured. Though his accused killers were tried, they were acquitted by an all White jury. Despite attempts at gaining a Federal indictment in the case, his torture and murder remain unpunished. While his family still grieves, they have channeled their sorrow into activism for those victims still seeking justice. I believe that it remains important that the perpetrators of civil rights era crimes be brought to justice, even 50 years later. While justice has been delayed for the victims of these crimes, the fact that we are raising these cold cases breathes new life into our new justice system. I am thankful to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Chairman GOODLATTE . Ultimately, that commitment bodes well for our collective future and reconciliation within these communities. So I, accordingly, urge my colleagues to join those of us who are leading in this movement and effort and support this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I thank the dean of this institution. Anyone who has had the privilege of working with JOHNCONYERS and J OHN LEWIS have nothing but admiration and understanding through their teachings of the lives which they lived. This important legislation is a reflection of their commitment to these families and their personal knowledge of the pain that so many families still now experience through unsolved civil rights crimes. Emmett Till was one of the most noteworthy and violent, and many of us still are able to see in our vision the picture of the open casket, of brutalized and beaten young Emmett Till, a 14yearold boy, and what he had to suffer. His mother was willing to go through what might have been considered absolute humiliation in terms of seeing her son’s body open to the world; but because it was such a heinous crime, she was willing for the world to see. This legislation is enormously important because it extends, until 2027, the authority of the Department of Justice to investigate and prosecute unsolved criminal civil rights cases and expands, by a decade, the time period for which the Department can reopen cases to investigate. Under current law, the cutoff date was 1970. The Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007 remains necessary legislation intended to complete some of the Nation’s most important unfinished business. I will just say, in concluding, this legislation will have to be a document which the Members of Congress will have to breathe life into. We will have to insist, regardless of the changing of the guard at the Department of Justice, that this section have the kind of funding that is necessary. So the task of this Congress is not finished by the authorization; it must be funded. Many families have come to my office in deep pain needing more resources for that section, more lawyers, more energetic activity. And so I say to those who may be assigned to this at the Department of Justice, take this as a special cause. It is not just unsolved cold cases. It is a smear on the democracy of this Nation. It is a stain. It is a taint that we should live above by insisting that every family have justice for the murder of their loved ones, particularly those who were in the battle of civil rights when many in this country lived in the secondclass shadow of racism and discrimination. The civil rights battles were real; they were violent in some instances; but thank God there were leaders like JOHN LEWIS, JOHN CONYERS , many in this Congress, and certainly the late Dr. Martin Luther King, who always believed, as I do, that we can do this through peace and nonviolence. This is a tool of nonviolence. We must insist that they do their task and that we solve these unsolved murderous civil rights cases, and we do so to heal the Nation and to continue to promote our democracy. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of House Amendment to S. 2854, the ‘‘Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act.’’ I thank our colleague, JOHN LEWIS of Geor gia, who is widely recognized as the moral conscience of the House for sponsoring the original legislation and I thank Chairmen GOODLATTE and Ranking Member C ONYERS , for their work in shepherding this reauthorization through the Congress. This legislation reauthorizes the ‘‘Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act of 2007,’’ which I cosponsored and strongly support when it was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee, passed by the House and Senate, and signed into law by President George W. Bush on October 7, 2008 as Public Law 110–344. The legislation before extends until 2027 the authority of the Department of Justice to investigate and prosecute unsolved criminal civil rights crimes, and it expands by a decade the time period for which the department can reopen cases to investigate; under current law the cutoff date is 1970. The Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act of 2007 is and remains necessary legislation intended to complete some of the nation’s most important unfinished business. And that is to solve some of the most depraved acts of violence against persons belonging to a racial group that was vulnerable, politically powerless, and innocent, and against those persons who risked life and limb to help them secure the rights promised in the Declaration of Independence and made real in the Constitution. 
S. 2854 will help ensure that justice is received by those for whom justice has been delayed for more than two generations. In doing so, this legislation will help this Nation fulfill its hopes and justify its boast that in America all persons live in freedom. I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me in voting for its passage. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume simply to say to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS), and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) that this is a quest for justice that needs to be ongoing. I am pleased to support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do so. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 2854, the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act. This is the Senate companion to H.R. 5067, the bill I introduced with the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ). This has been a bipartisan, bicameral effort from the first day, and I ask each and every one of our colleagues to support this important legislation. Ten years ago, I stood on the House Floor and promised to work tirelessly to pass this legislation. Two years later, we were successful in passing the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act. That legislation created a Federal strategy to bring justice and healing to the victims, survivors, and families. When the bill was signed into law, family members, academics, historians, lawyers, advocates started working towards a full accounting for these gross human and civil rights atrocities. The reauthorization that we are considering today responds to the their appeals to Congress to make the law whole—to ensure that their thoughtful, tireless work did not fall on deaf ears and end up in a forgotten drawer. So many people have died; so many families have mourned; so many communities have suffered. Mr. Speaker, as you know this bill is named for a 14yearold boy who was brutally murdered 61 years ago for allegedly whistling at a white woman. Many people here tonight will recognize the names of Emmett Till, Medgar Evers, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner, but few know of the countless other possible victims of racially motivated crimes during this period. This bill restores hope for the families of so many who have unanswered questions—like the Atlanta Five in my congressional district. In 1974, five AfricanAmerican men—Lee Roy Holloway, Robert Walker, Marvin Walker, John Sterling and Lonnie Merritt—left Atlanta for a 
fishing trip near Pensacola Florida. Their families never saw them alive again. Their pain and that of so countless others is real. I said before, and I will say it again—we have a mission, an obligation, and a mandate to restore faith in the cornerstones of our democracy and accountability in the pursuit of truth and justice whenever possible. This bill does just that. In developing this legislation, we took the time to research and study what happened after the original bill was signed into law. We listened to and were guided by the advocates, by law professors, by families, and by the press. We worked across the aisle and across the Dome to develop a bill that fulfills our promise to never give up on this effort—to never abandon the pursuit of truth. Madam Speaker, at this time, I would like to thank the Civil Rights and Restorative Justice Project at Northeastern University School of Law; the Cold Case Justice Initiative at Syracuse University College of Law; the Emmett Till Justice Campaign; the Emmett Till Legacy Foundation; the Georgia Civil Rights Cold Case Project at Emory University; the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights (LCCR); the Mamie Till Mobley Memorial Foundation; the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP); the NAACPLegal Defense Fund (NAACPLDF); the National Urban League; and the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC). The leadership and staff of these institutions fought long and hard for this legislation. They deserve recognition and appreciation. I would also like to thank the thousands of people across the country who signed petitions, called, emailed, and urged for Congress to act. Mr. Speaker, we must thank them for their determination, their passion, and their commitment to justice. In closing, I would like to thank the Chair, the Ranking Member, the lead sponsors, our House Leadership, the staff, and all the Members who supported this effort. I ask each and every one of my colleagues to support this important legislation and let it become law. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2854, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, December 7, 2016. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : On December 7, 2016, pursuant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure met in open session to consider six resolutions included in the General Services Administration’s Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. The Committee continues to work to reduce the cost of federal property and leases. Of the six resolutions considered, the two construction projects include a federal courthouse consistent with existing funding, and the four lease prospectuses include significant reductions of leased space. In total, these resolutions represent $56 million in avoided lease costs and offsets. I have enclosed copies of the resolutions adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on December 7, 2016. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. Enclosures. COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
CONSOLIDATION NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, $834 million in appropriations are authorized for the site acquisition, design, management and inspection, and construction of a new federallyowned headquarters facility for the Federal Bureau of Investigation of not more than 2.1 million rentable square feet in the National Capital Region for the General Services Administration, for which a prospectus is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, the total funds made available through appropriations, including funds transferred to the ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation, Construction’’ account, do not exceed $2.11 billion (excluding the value realized from the exchange of the J. Edgar Hoover building, outfitting, and decommissioning costs). Provided further, the Administrator considers transportation impacts, including National Capital Planning Commission recommendations on parking and proximity to metro rail. Provided further, the Administrator considers the total costs to the government for relocations, site preparation, and site acquisition. Provided further, that such appropriations are authorized only for a project that results in a fully consolidated FBI Headquarters facility. Provided further, that the Administrator of General Services shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the construction of a new headquarters for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The report transmitted under this provision shall include a summary of the material provisions of the construction and full consolidation of the FBI in a new headquarters facility, including but not limited to, a schedule, the square footage, proposed costs to the Government, and a description of all buildings and infrastructure needed to complete the project. Provided further, that the Administrator shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, that the Administrator’s authority to make an award of this project expires two years from the date of the adoption of this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1035/3 here EH07DE16.001smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The Generul Services Administration (GSA) proposes construction of a new federally owned facility 
of approximately 2.1 million rentable square feet (RSF)1 to provide a consolidated Headquarters for the Federal Bureau 
of Investigation (FBI) in the National Capital Region (NCR). The FBI Headquarters facility will bring together employees from the J. Edgar Hoover Building (JEH) and 
new, modem and secure facility tailored to fully support FBI's national security, 
intelligence and law enforcement missions. The proposed GSA construction funding in this prospectus will partner with construction funding requested in appropriations to the 
FBI, FY 2016 enacted appropriations, the value of the JEH exchange and other available FBI resources 
to support the construction cost ofthe FBI Headquarters facility. 
FY 2017 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, and Management 
As an intelligencedriven and a threatfocused national security organization with both national security and law enforcement responsibilities, the mission 
of the FBI is to protect and defend the 
United States against terrorist and foreign intelligence threats, to uphold and enforce the criminal laws 
of the United States, and to provide leadership and criminal justice services 
to federal, state, municipal, and international agencies and partners. The proposed FBI Headquarters 
facility will consolidate FBI personnel from the JEH and 
13 leased locations. The proposed facility will accommodate approximately 11,000 
personnel, resulting in an openplan workspace environment to include stateoftheart IT infrastructure as required by the FBI's national security mission. The 
built to meet ISC Level V security specifications on one of three previously identified sites. Initial programming provides 6,697 to 8,155 structured and unstructured parking spaces
2 for official vehicles, employees, and visitors. At the time 
of project initiation, the FBI was housed in 21 locations throughout the NCR, including JEH, occupying an aggregate total 
1 This prospectus references an estimated total rentable square feet. The total rentable square footage will vary 
depending upon the final rentable to usable factor which will be detennined by the winning bid, design and selected 
2 The actual amount of parking required will be dependent upon final site selection and the availability of alternate 
Insert offset folio 1035/4 here EH07DE16.002smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
intervening years, FBI .has taken a number of actions resulting in a decrease in the agency's footprint 
Today, FBI Headquarters functions in the NCR are housed in 14 
locations, totaling 2,930,552 rentable square feet. Staff in each of these 14 locations will be consolidated into the new 
FBI Headquarters facility. The precise RSF for the new FBI Headquarters facility will vary based on the final 
RIU factor which is dependent upon the winning bid, design and selected site. Location 
The project includes conveying title to JEH to the winning bidder in exchange for a newly constructed FBI Headquarters facility 
at one of the three previously identified potential sites in Greenbelt, MD, Landover, MD, and 
of approximately 61 acres of land owned by the State of 
Maryland and the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), and controlled by 
GSA pursuant to a purchase option agreement. Located at the Greenbelt Metrorail 
Landover Comprised of approximately 80 acres, privately owned, and controlled by 
GSA pursuant to a purchase option agreement between GSA and the current site owner. Located at the site 
Comprised of approximately 58 acres of federally owned land under the custody and control 
of GSA. Located at the current site of the GSA Franconia Warehouse Complex in Fairfax County, Virginia. Building 
The proposed transaction allows the bidders to submit proposals to construct the FBI Headquarters 
facility on one of the tlrree sites described above. Bidders have the opportunity to submit proposals 
on one, two or all three of the identified potential sites. 
6,697 spaces for Greenbelt; 8,155 spaces for Landover; 7,039 
Insert offset folio 1035/5 here EH07DE16.003smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUS 
spaces f·or Springfield, each inclusive of 425 official vehicles (including Bureau Cars and 
FBI police). Distribution between structured and unstructured parking will be dependent upon the site and the proposal made by the bidder. 
enacted funds from the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act, which included $180 
million in FBI construction funding, $135 million in resources made available from the FBI's prior year balances, and $75 million in 
Year 2017 budget proposal of $646 million in the FBI's Construction account. 
Combined, these funds should ensure that GSA is in a position to award the project on schedule in 
FY 2017, and support the design and construction of the full consolidation. 
It is anticipated that outfitting and transition costs will be addressed by the 
(*Identified end dates for both management and oversight, and design and construction arc estimates. Actual schedules 
will be established following award with the winning bidder during design development) 
The FBI is in urgent need of a consolidated Headquarters facility to support infommtion sharing) 
collaboration, and integration of strategic priorities. Currently, FBI Headquarters elements are dispersed over 14 locations in the greater Washington, 
area. This dispersion and fragmentation has created significant challenges to effective command and control and to facilitating organizational change. Dispersion diverts time and resources, hampers coordination, decreases flexibility, and impedes the 
to rapidly respond to ever changing, asymmetric threats. The FBI needs a consolidated Headquarters facility and operations center to support infonnation sharing, collaboration and integration 
of strategic priorities. By consolidating into a single location, FBI will 
Insert offset folio 1035/6 here EH07DE16.004smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
realize significant mission synergies, and greatly increase workforce and mission security compared to the varying risk scenarios existing throughout the current 
The FBI has occupied JEH since 1974. The approximately 1.8 million rentable square foot (2.4 
million gross square toot) JEH sits on 6.7 acres of land fronting Pennsylvania A venue and is a prime location for office, retail, 
and residential uses. The building was designed at a time when FBI operated differently, and 
it cannot be redeveloped to provide the necessary space to consolidate the 
FBI Headquarters components or to meet the agency's physical security 
IT infrastructure in JEH has reached capacity and cannot be expanded further. These challenges can best be addressed through consolidation and by providing a flexible infrastructure capable 
of supporting multiple IT systems. The JEH was not designed to support today's FBI mission that includes 
an increased emphasis on national security. JEH and virtually 
all of the 13 offsite leased facilities do not meet the applicable Interagency Security Committee 
of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, 2009, 
conc1uded that JEH does not meet the lSC physical security criteria. As the central facility for the management 
of intelligence and national security programs, the FBI Headquarters 
facility must have high reliability and survivability of utilities and 
infrastructure. Due to the critical need for continuous operations 
of the FBI. the consolidated FBI Headquarters must be resilient 
to safeguard the mission it houses and remain operational 
and capable in the event of local or regional emergency. The facility must provide the 
FBI the ability to anticipate, prepare for, and adapt to changing conditions and withstand, respond to, and recover rapidly from disruptions. 
utility and building systems redundancy, backup power generation and water storage requirements, and energy and water efficiency targets. Requirements for utility redundancy include dual 
feed~ for communications, electric service, potable water, and natural gas. Where appropriate, 
delivery of building services must also be redundant to ensure continued operability 
in the event of a disruption internal to the facility. 
The consolidated FBI Headquarters facility will be designed to attain a Gold rating in the Leadership 
in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Building Design and 
Construction (BD+C) rating system, as required by GSA policy for new Federal 
Insert offset folio 1035/7 here EH07DE16.005smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUSCONSTRUCTION 
lacilities. Furthennore, it will be LEED Operations and Maintenance (O+M) "ready" to 
ensure that the building systems are operated and maintained efficiently over the long 
Energy and Resources Design, construction, and ongoing operation of the facility will 
minimize the impact on the environment and the utilization of energy and other scarce and nonrenewable resources. The project 
will consider operational requirements, and focus on strategies that support energy surety goals, incorporating principles 
of energy source diversity, onsite renewable energy, energy storage, netzero energy readiness, and microgrids, as appropriate, infonned by mission goals and lifecycle cost analyses. 
Sustainability Design and construction of the facility will achieve a minimum of 
LEED Gold rating in the BD+C v4 rating system. The new facility will comply with all applicable federal sustainability requirements. It 
of passive design, onsite management of stonn­water and waste, resource efficiency, human health and wellbeing, and life 
and Resilience The facility will be designed to have high reliability and 
survivability of utilities and infrastructure. It will include efficient, stateoftheart HV AC, lighting, power, security, and telecommunications systems and equipment that require minimal. maintenance and are designed with backup capabilities to ensure minimal loss 
of service or downtime. Design of the site and buildings will include principles 
of energy and water surety, and resistance and resilience to climate change. Incremental climate change impacts, extreme weather conditions, and/or other extreme events, will result 
in minimal disruption to the mission of the FBI Headquarters complex and the safety 
of its occupants. The building enclosure systems and critical building systems 
will be designed to optimize performance and resilience in response to potential extreme events and conditions. 
114113 2016 $75,000,000 Construction Management and oversight activities and other project support costs Aj>propriations to 
Insert offset folio 1035/8 here EH07DE16.006smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA ______ ~~~~~P~B==S 
The proposed stateoftheart FBI Headquarters facility is a unique asset, built to the Government's specifications in the 
form of a detailed Program of Requirements. The proposed facility will meet the 
long term needs of the FBI. GSA analyzed the modernization 
and redevelopment of JEH, but in addition to being cost prohibitive, the current facility 
as sited is not capable of meeting the square footage, security setback, or operational requirements 
of the FBI. A leased alternative is not costeffective given FBI's 46 year history in the current location and the stated 
facility. A leased alternative is not considered to be cost effective and the 30 
year present value of such altemati ve was not analyzed. 
Insert offset folio 1035/9 here EH07DE16.007smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. Submitted 
at Washington, DC. on ~ __ _E'ebruary 8, ~~0_16=·~~·· . 
NEW U .S. COURTHOUSE —ANNISTON , AL Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the site acquisition, design and construction of a new U.S. Courthouse of approximately 63,000 gross square feet, including approximately 13 parking spaces, in Anniston, Alabama at an additional site and design cost of $2,414,000, a total estimated construction cost of $32,527,000, and total management and inspection cost of $3,234,000 for a total estimated project cost, including prior authorizations, of $42,575,000, for which a prospectus is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends prior authorizations of July 24, 2002 and July 23, 2003. Provided, that the Administrator of General Services shall ensure that construction of the new courthouse complies, at a minimum, with courtroom sharing requirements adopted by the Judicial Conference of the United States. Provided further, that the Administrator of General Services shall ensure that the construction of the new courthouse contains no more than two courtrooms, including one for Senior District Judges and one for Bankruptcy Judges. Provided further, that the design of the new courthouse shall not deviate from the U.S. Courts Design Guide. 
Insert offset folio 1035/11 here EH07DE16.008smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration {GSA) proposes the acquisition of a site. and the design 
and construction of a new U.S. Courthouse of approximately 63,000 gross square feet (gsf), 
including 13 inside parking spaces in Anniston, AL. GSA will construct the courthouse to meet 
the 1 ()..year space needs of the court and courtrelated agencies and the site will accommodate the 
anticipated 3Q..year needs of the court. The Judici8!}''s Courthouse Project Priorities list 
(approved by the Judicial Conference of the United States on September 17, 2015) includes a 
(Additional Site and Desigu, Construction, Management & Inspection) ······~.S38,175,000 
FY 2016 Funding Requested (as outlined in tbe FY 2016 Spend Plag) (Additional Site 
nnd Design, Construction, Management & Inspection) .. ..... 538,175,000 
The courts and related agencies are currently located in the Federal BuildingCourthouse (FB­
CT) as well as one leased location in Anniston. The FBCT, built in 1906, is listed in the 
National Register of Historic Places The new courthouse will provide two courtrooms and three 
chambers consistent with the application of courtroom sharing policies and limitation on the provision 
of space for projected judgeships. The site for the new courthouse will be in the 
1 Square footages and number of parking spaces are approximau:. The acrual project may cootain a variance in gross 
Insert offset folio 1035/12 here EH07DE16.009smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally 
U.S. District Court. U.S. Bankntptcy Court, U.S. Probation Office, U.S. Department of Justice~ 
Marshals Service, trial preparation space for the U.S. Department of JusticeOffice of the U.S. 
The existing FB·CT, constructed in 1906 and expanded in 1935t does not meet the U.S. Courts 
Design Guide standards, does not provide for future expansion, and lacks adequate security. 
There is no separate circulation for judicial officers and prisoners, and no secure elevators in the 
building. Further, there are no courtroom holding cells, central cellblock, prisoner sallyport, and 
no secured parting available to the courts. The new courthouse will provide separate circulation 
for the public, judges, and prisoners, thereby improving security, as well as the efficiency of 
court operations. Relocation of agencies from leased space to the new courthouse will result in 
savings of approximately $195,000 in future annual lease payments to the private sector. 
Due to changes in program since previous project approval. courtroom sharing, and exclusion of 
projected new judgeships, the proposed project has decreased in size and scope (from the 
~ GSA requests approval for a total project cost. As ooecd in the estimated pmjm bud&c:t above, GSA identified subtotals 
comprising the estimated project budget are intended to provide a bmWiown in support of the ETPC. The actual 
toml cosa 10 perform the entire project may differ from what is represenled in this pmspeaus by the various 
Insert offset folio 1035/13 here EH07DE16.010smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for the 
Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles for High 
Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
The Federal tenancy in Anniston does not support the need for two courthouses; therefore, GSA 
will explore alternatives associated with the disposal of the existing courthouse. Some of these alternatives 
1 11.Us section is included to address recom.mendations in the following GAO Report: Fcdcrnl Courthouses· Better 
Insert offset folio 1035/14 here EH07DE16.011smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
114113* 2016 $38, J 75,000 Additional Site & Design, ECC & 
Appropriations to Date S4:Z.S75,000 .. ... •Public Law 114J 13 funded $947,760,000 for new construction projects oflbc Fedeml Judsa:ary as pnontized m 
the Federal Judiciary Courthouse Project Priorities list, of which Anniston is included. GSNs Spend Plen <kscribes 
each project to be undert.alcm wkh this funding. The FY 2016 need for Anniston is S38,J75,000. 
HouseT&l 7'2412002 $3,090,000 Site and Design for 65,482 gsf. 
Senate EPW 9126/2002 $3,090,000 ·Site and Design for 65,482 gsf; 20 
Senate EPW 62312004 $1,291,000 Additional Site and Design for 65,482 gsf; 
Insert offset folio 1035/15 here EH07DE16.012smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert offset folio 1035/16 here EH07DE16.013smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEMay 2016 
U"S" Bankruptcy Court (courtrooms/chambers) US Bankruptcy Court Clerk  U "S" Bankruptcy 
Administrator  U.S" District Comt (coumoomslchambers)  U.S" District Comt Clerk U.S. Probation Office DOJU.S. Marshals Service  DOJOffice Of U.S" Attorneys GSAPublic Buildings Service Joint Use Subtotal 
The project may contain a variance in gross square footage from that listed in this project upon measurement 
USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building" PROPOSED 
Insert offset folio 1035/19 here EH07DE16.014smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease for approximately 562,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), 
Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Office of lnfonnation Technology (OIT), 
currently located in leased space in II separate buildings dispersed across six locations including six buildings 
in the V A95 complex located at Boston Boulevard and Fullerton Road in Springfield, 
VA. Other locations are ISO I N. Beauregard St., Alexandria, VA; 6350 
Walker Lane, Springfield, VA; 7799 Leesburg Pike, Falls Church, VA; 13990 Park 
East Circle, Chantilly, VA; and 5971 Kingstowne Village Parkway, Alexandria, VA. 
The lease will enable DHS/CBP/OIT to provide continued housing as well as more modem, streamlined, and efficient operations. 
It will significantly improve space utilization, as the office utilization rate 
will be improved from 113 to 64 usable square feet 
(USF) per person, and the overall utilization rate from 184 to 124 USF per person, reducing the 
DHS/CBP/OIT footprint for this occupancy by approximately 67,680 RSF. 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate3: Customs and Border Protection 629,680 
1 The RSFIUSF at the current location is approximately 1.08; however, to maximize competition a 
RSF/USF ratio of 1.20 is used for the proposed maximum RSP as indicated in the housing plan. 
2 OIT security requirements may necessitate control of the parking at the leased location. This may be 
accomplished as a lessorfurnished service, as a separate operating agreement with the !essor. or as part of 
Insert offset folio 1035/20 here EH07DE16.015smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUSLEASE 
Background $17,079,000 {Leases effective: I 0/01/94, 12/08/00, 01/17/02,07/15/02,08/02/05, 11/14/07, 11/21/08,02/02/09,06/01/1 
OIT is responsible for implementation and support of information technology, research and development functions, and automation and technological strategies for meeting missionrelated needs. 
of the research and development functions, and all forensic and laboratory support 
of CBP. OIT personnel manage all computer and related resources and establish requirements 
for computer interfaces between CBP and various trade groups and Government agencies. 
OIT is responsible for managing all aspects of tactical communications, including the 24/7 operations 
OIT's mission is to be responsible for all aspects of technology support across all mission areas within 
CBP. This CBP component designs, develops, programs, tests, implements, tmins, and maintains the agency's automated systems. 
CBP computer facilities, including all the hardware, software, data, video and voice communications, and related financial resources. 
the CBP Computer Security Program. OIT also represents CBP on matters related to automated import, export, and interagency processing 
3 These estimates are for fiscal year 2017 and may be escalated by 1.95 percent annually to the effective date 
of the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rates are fully serviced including all 
operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the 
procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers 
and as the basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the 
4 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
Insert offset folio 1035/21 here EH07DE16.016smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The current leases are for space in II separate buildings in Northern Virginia and expire between 
September 30, 2019 and August I 0, 2021. OIT requires continued housing to 
carry out its operational mission and functions. The total space requested will reduce the 
OIT footprint by 67,680 RSF or more than I 0 percent of the 629,680 RSF currently occupied. 
In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be 
In order to maximize the flexibility and competition in acquiring space to house the 
DHS/CBP/OIT elements, GSA may issue a single, multiple award solicitation that will 
allow offerors to provide blocks of space able to meet requirements in whole or in part. 
All offers must provide space consistent with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy 
of Approval Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable area. 
GSA will execute such interim !easing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing 
of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest 
of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
Insert offset folio 1035/22 here EH07DE16.017smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ~S_e_p_te_m_b_e_r_1_5_, _20_1_a _____ _ 
Insert offset folio 1035/23 here EH07DE16.018smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSENovember 2015 
Current UR excludes 103,199 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 68,272 usf of office support space 
available fOr use by a tenant's personnel and fumishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
1Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than .10 people 
'USF/Person ~ housing plan total USF divided by total personnel 
'RIU Factor ~ Max RSF divided by totallJSF Personnel 
3,783 ' 3,783 3,783 i 3 783 PVAOlWA17 Northern, VA 
Insert offset folio 1035/26 here EH07DE16.019smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease of approximately 162,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space' for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), currently 
housed at the FDA Atlanta complex consisting of three leased buildings; The Crawford 
Building, Annex I and Annex II, and an additional lease location in College Park, 
The proposed lease will provide continued housing for FDA and will improve the office utilization 
rate from 176 to 103 usable square feet (USF) per person. 
This estimate is for Fiscal Year 2019 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent armually to the effective date of 
the k<JSe to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses 
whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing 
market remal rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a ba<:is 
for negotiating wi!h offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the government. 
~ew !eases may contain an escalation clause to pro1.~de for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
Insert offset folio 1035/27 here EH07DE16.020smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The current leases are unable to provide the FDA Southeast Regional Office, Atlanta District 
Office, and Southeast Regional Laboratories (SRL) with the necessary office and special space to efficiently 
carry out its mission. The new lease will provide a more modern and streamlined office layout and improve office utilization 
per person to I 03 square feet per person. 
SRL testing includes foods, ceramics, meats, cosmetics, drugs, and other products falling under the purview 
of the FDA. In addition, the SRL has specialized capabilities and is horne to the Atlanta Center for Nutrient Analysis, which is the servicing laboratory to all FDA districts for nutrient analysis on domestic and imported foods that 
of the existing SRL causes the FDA to constantly retrofit the aging space, leading to higher maintenance costs. A modem laboratory is needed to properly carry out 
In order to maximize the flexibility in acquiring space to house the FDA elements. GSA 
may issue a single, multiple award solicitation that will allow offerors to provide blocks 
of space able to meet requirements in whole or in part. All offers must provide space consistent with the delineated area defined 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and other documents related to the 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star perfonnance rating of 75 or 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Enviroriment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a 
Insert offset folio 1035/28 here EH07DE16.021smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued 
housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest 
of the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed lease is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert offset folio 1035/29 here EH07DE16.022smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEApril2016 
UR=avcragc amount ofoftice space per person Current UR excludes 73,119 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 65,039 usf of office suppot1 space Personnel 
1USF means the portion oftllc building available for usc by a tenant's personnel and fumishings 
and space available jointly to the occupants oft he build mg. 
calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less tban \0 people 
1USF/Pcrson = bousmg plan total USF divided by total personneL 4R/lJ Factor~"' Max RSF divided by total USF Personnel 
LEASE —NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS AD MINISTRATION , JACKSON AND CLAY COUNTIES , 
Insert offset folio 1035/32 here EH07DE16.023smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease of approximately 806,794 rentable square feet (RSF) for the National Archives and Records Administration Federal Records Center (NARAFRC), 
cunently located at 200 NW Space Center, Lee's Summit, 
The lease will provide continued housing for NARAFRC, will maintain its cunent office utilization rate 
of 129 usable square feet (USF) per person, and allow for continued temporary and permanent record storage capabilities for Federal agencies. 
Cunent Rentable Square Feet (RSF) Estimated Maximum RSF: Expansion/Reduction RSF: Current 
1: National Archives and Records Administration 806,794 (Current RSF/USF 
1This estimate is for fiscal year 2017 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid hy the lessor or directly by the Government. 
GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation 
of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award 
is made in the best interest of the Government. 
Insert offset folio 1035/33 here EH07DE16.024smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS PROSPECTUS LEASE NATIONAL 
Acquisition Strategy $5,647,558 $3,211,969 (Lease effective 8/15/1997) The NARAFRC is 
cuiTently located in subteiTanean space. In order to maximize competition, 
GSA will consider aboveground and subteiTanean space for this procurement and will relocate the agency 
NARAFRC is one of 18 Federal Records Centers across the nation used by Federal agencies for recordsrelated services. The FRCs work together to provide temporary and permanent record storage services. The facility storage services are full at this location and any new incoming client boxes are accommodated by moving existing records to other Federal Records Centers or 
by the disposal of eligible records. The cuiTent location provides storage conditions that meet pe1manent or archival requirements, which accounts for 57 percent 
of permanent record storage. NARAFRC requires space to accommodate the movement, processing, and retrieving 
large quantities of client record boxes into its computer systems, along with the ability to store client records 
in an environment that meets regulations tor Federal Records Storage 
(36 CFR 1234). The movement of client record boxes is accommodated using eightfoot carts, which require ample circulation space for maneuvering. Although Federal agencies are attempting to convert to electronic storage, the demand for paper record storage still remains and since 
2New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
Insert offset folio 1035/34 here EH07DE16.025smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval 
to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable area. 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing 
of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest 
of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
Insert offset folio 1035/35 here EH07DE16.026smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on·~. AUlwst 9. 2016 ··~Recommended: __ /()...:;___~Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Insert offset folio 1035/36 here EH07DE16.027smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEOctober 2015 Leased Loc1tions W Space Center ated/Proposed Lease 
Cunent UR aclud!!s 2.109 usf of office ~up port space 
Proposed UR cxciudcs 2,109 usf of Gfficc suppott space 
1USF means the porrion of the building available tot u:;e by a tenam'~ persunnel ~nd fumi~h!ngs and ~pace available jointly to lhe oc<:upant~ of the buildmg. 
~CalculalJOn cxdudesJudicmry, Congres.s and agenc1es wttb less than 10 people. Circulation requi'remenl ot 40G/o for movcmcnUprocessing of client $lorage above the normal 
·'USr:/Person housing plan total USF divided by total per~onnel. 
'RIU Fan or~ Max RSF divid<d by total USF Total I I 
Insert offset folio 1035/39 here EH07DE16.028smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease of approximately 238,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space for tpe Department of Health and Human Services National Institutes of Health (NIH), cun·ently located at 6001 and 6101 Executive Boulevard 
in Rockville, MD, under five NIH direct leases. The four leases at 6001 
Executive Boulevard expire on January 31, 2019, and the one lease at 6101 Executive Boulevard expires on August 31, 
The proposed lease will enable NIH to provide continued housing. The lease will 
significantly improve space utilization, as the office utilization rate will be reduced from 
172 to 133 usable square feet (USF) per person, and the overall utilization rate from 221 
to 183 USF per person, resulting in NflI being housed in approximately 31 ,632 RSF less space than it has at the current locations. 
Estimated Total Annual Cost2: National Institutes of Health 269,632 
George's Counties proximate to the NIH campus in Bethesda, 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 1.95 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid 
by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using 
prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis 
for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
Insert offset folio 1035/40 here EH07DE16.029smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The multiple NIH Institutes and Centers (ICs) located at 6001 and 6101 Executive Boulevard include the National Institute 
of Drug Abuse, National Institute of Mental Health, National Institute 
of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, National Institute on Deafness and other Communication Disorders, 
Coordination, and the Office of Research Services, and are integral components of NIH's mission. The current leases expire on January 31, 
2019, and August 31, 2019. NIH ICs have a continuing need 
for space and efficient transportation access to the NIH campus in Montgomery County. The lease 
by 31,632 rsf. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost of continued occupancy 
In order to maximize the flexibility in acquiring space to house the NIH elements, GSA 
may issue a single, multiple award solicitation in up to two proximate buildings that will allow offerors 
to provide blocks of space able to meet requirements in whole or in part. 
All offers must provide space consistent with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
~ew leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
Insert offset folio 1035/41 here EH07DE16.030smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the . Request for Lease Proposals and other documents related 
to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and 
to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing 
of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in th~ best interest 
of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
Insert offset folio 1035/42 here EH07DE16.031smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed lease is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. Submitted 
Insert offset folio 1035/43 here EH07DE16.032smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEOctober 2015 
Cun·ent UR excludes 48,365 usf of office support space Proposed UR excludes 40,542 usf of office suppor1 space 
1USF means the pOrtion of the building avaiiable for use by a tenant's pctsonncl and funmhings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
~Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
5USF/Person = housmg plan total USF divided by total personnel. 
'R!U Factor Max RSF divided by total USF Personnel 
HONORING CONGRESSMAN JOSEPH R. PITTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Madam Speaker, what an honor it is to join my colleagues this evening in taking a moment to honor my good friend and fellow alum from Asbury College, Pennsylvania Congressman JOEPITTS. My friend, JOEPITTS, has spent his life literally engaged in serving those around him. In fact, early in his career, JOEand his wife worked as teachers to educate the next generation until he joined the Air Force in 1963. He answered the call of duty, serving three tours in Vietnam, where he completed 116 combat missions and earned the Air Medal with five oakleaf clusters. Just a few years after returning home from the war effort, JOEcontinued his service in his State and our Nation as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, spending some 24 years assisting his fellow Pennsylvanians. In 1997, JOEbrought his leadership skills and his servant’s heart right here to the Halls of Congress, where he has now served for 20 years. b1915 In this role and through his service as chairman of the Values Action Team, JOEhas been a guiding force for bringing our JudeoChristian ethics and moral values to Washington, D.C., and he has literally been a champion for the cause of life. In Mark, chapter 10, the Lord tells us that those who aspire to leadership must be great servants. Further, in Matthew, chapter 7, we find that we are recognized by our fruits. In other words, you can tell who someone is not merely by what one says, but by what one does. JOE, I would just say to you, sir, thank you. You have been tested, and you have shown yourself approved. We are all going to sincerely and deeply—genuinely—miss JOEPITTS. I hope, JOE, that as you continue in your next chapter that, in your absence here, we may each have a portion of your servant’s heart, and how blessed this body will be if we do so. I just thank the gentleman so much for the opportunity to take a moment to say ‘‘thank you’’ to this giant of a leader here in Congress and how we will deeply miss him. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank my good friend for his very eloquent remarks about our great friend and colleague, the distinguished JOEPITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama, ROBERT ADERHOLT . Mr. ADERHOLT. I appreciate the time to come to honor JOEPITTS. Congressman SMITH, I appreciate your organizing this evening so we could thank JOEPITTS for his many years of service to not only this Chamber, but also to the public in general. Madam Speaker, of course, JOEis retiring after 20 years of service to this institution and to the American people. He served, as has been said, 24 years in the Pennsylvania Legislature. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, JOE PITTS, is a hero for conservatives. He fights daily for families, for unborn children, and for persecuted Christians around the world. I know firsthand about his work for persecuted Christians because one of the first overseas trip opportunities that I had as a Member of Congress was to travel with JOEPITTS to the country of Egypt to advocate on behalf of persecuted Christians. I had the chance to sit there with JOEas we both talked about the plight of the Coptic Christians in the country of Egypt. We sat across the table from Hosni Mubarak, who, at the time, was the President of Egypt, and we let him know of the concerns that we had and that the American people had for Christians who were treated unfairly for no other reason than because of their beliefs and their faith. JOEPITTS has been a friend and a colleague since we were first elected. He and I were first elected back in 1996. We started here in January of 1997. He has worked tirelessly as chairman of the Values Action Team since the late 1990s. That was when Newt Gingrich had asked him to work on prolife, pro family issues. He has been an active, leading member of the ProLife Caucus, along with Congressman SMITH, since that time. I also had the opportunity to work with JOEon OSCE issues, the Organization for Security and Cooperation of Europe. We would meet in the parliamentary assembly once a year with other parliamentarians to try to work on issues. I can tell you the prolife issue and trying to protect the unborn and the family has been at the forefront of those issues with him as well with the OSCE. I want to take a minute to thank his staff. Over the years, they have worked hand in glove with Congressman PITTS. They have been champions for the conservative causes over the last 20 years alone here in the House of Representatives, and we will certainly miss working with them as they go on to the next chapters of their lives. Again, I wish JOEPITTS all the best as he moves on to the next phase of his life. I certainly pray that he and his wife, Ginny, will have, maybe, a slightly slower pace as they go back to Pennsylvania. I know that JOE, in whatever next chapter of life he is involved, will be involved in protecting families; he will be protecting the unborn—the most vulnerable—and he will be making sure that he does what he feels is in the best interest of this country. I wish JOEPITTS and his family all the best in the many years to come. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman. Madam Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from Tennessee, DIANE BLACK . Mrs. BLACK. I thank the gentleman for yielding, my good friend, who is also very involved in protecting life and families, and I appreciate his work in this area as well. Madam Speaker, I rise to honor my friend and colleague, Congressman JOE PITTS, on his upcoming retirement from the House of Representatives. As a former teacher, Congressman PITTS spent years investing in the next generation of leaders, and as an Air Force captain, with three tours of duty in Vietnam, he was on the front lines of protecting the freedoms that we talk about in this Chamber every day. His service in Congress, now spanning nearly 20 years, will be marked by a quiet strength and a steady leadership that always sought solutions over attention, and that ran towards answers instead of running to the cameras. Congressman PITTS was never the loudest person in the room, but oftentimes he may very well have been the wisest. As the founder of the Values Action Team, Congressman PITTS created a platform to build stronger relationships between valueoriented Members of Congress and grassroots organizations that shared those same principles. Through his appointment as the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, Congressman PITTS worked to advance realworld healthcare solutions that empowered patients, not bureaucrats. I will always be most grateful to Congressman PITTS for his fearless, unflinching defense of our Nation’s unborn. From his own legislation, like Protect Life Act, to his invaluable leadership in the fight to pass the PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act, to his work on the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives, Congressman PITTS has been a champion for the voiceless and vulnerable at every turn. I thank Congressman PITTS for his service, for his friendship, for his guidance. I wish him and his wife, Ginny, and his beautiful family all the best in the next chapter of their lives. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentlewoman very much for those very, very eloquent remarks. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois, RANDY HULTGREN . Mr. HULTGREN. I thank my very good friend, CHRIS SMITH, for doing this. Madam Speaker, it is such a privilege to serve in this amazing place. Some of us have the opportunity—really, the blessing—to be able to meet our heroes. Some of us have the greater blessing of being able to actually not only get to meet them, but to work with our heroes; and those very special few get to 
become friends with our heroes. That is the feeling I have with JOEPITTS. JOEPITTS is truly a mentor to me, a hero to me, someone who has served so well in every step of his lifetime. I am here to honor him tonight, to thank him for his service, and to let him know that we are forever grateful. JOEPITTS is known for many things. Clearly, he is a man of faith. Faith is such a part of his life—his love for God, his love for Jesus Christ. His passion for serving Him influences everything he does. I also love JOEPITTS’ commitment and love for his family. JOEand his wife have had a long tradition—for many years—of having grandkids camp, where they will have grandkids—no parents allowed—come and be with them for a week. They will take special trips, do special training, raise up the grandkids to love God, to love this Nation, and to share the values that are so important to JOEand his family. I am also so grateful for his service here in this Congress. JOEhas been faithful over his years. He was tapped early on to be the leader of the Values Action Team so as to recognize that our values are so important. We need champions every single day to be looking out and to be making sure that we are passing legislation that reflects our values—the values of our Founders, the values of so many who have led throughout our Nation—and to be making sure that we are going in the right direction as we go forward. JOE has been faithful there as well—a champion for life, a champion for the persecuted, especially for the religious persecuted around the world. He has been fighting for them, stepping up for them, making sure that their voices are heard. Fighting for the unborn is something that is a passion—a big part—of JOE’s life as well. I am forever grateful to have had the privilege not only to meet JOEPITTS, to get to know JOEPITTS, but to say that JOEis a friend of mine. JOE, thank you for your service to America. Thank you for your love for your God and for your family. Thank you for all that you have done to make America this wonderful place and for leaving not only a heritage, but such a rich challenge as we go forward to protect the wonderful values that we enjoy. We appreciate you. God bless you, JOE, and God bless America. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman from Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. I thank Mr. S MITH. I really appreciate his efforts in honoring JOEPITTS here tonight and all of the gentleman’s efforts over the many years in sticking up for the values that really are important; so I thank the gentleman for that. Madam Speaker, indeed, it is a night to recognize our leader of the Values Action Team, Mr. JOEPITTS, and all of his dedication to these important causes for our values, which are the things that, I like to say, are going to be remembered long past all the other stuff we do—the fiscalrelated things and some other things—that nobody will remember. I like to think they will remember that we stood up for the things that were truly important to families, to the things that endure over time; so being able to join in tonight in recognizing our friend from Pennsylvania is a privilege for me as it was to be able—and it is—to work with JOE. Over the few short years I have been in the House, I have gotten to know what he is about, and I respect him greatly as a man of faith and courage in standing against the tide that is pretty unpopular these days, a lot of times, in this era of political correctness where what is up is down and what is down is up. He stood in there on some very difficult issues—on life, on basic liberties, on moral conscience, and even on religious conscience. He joined in on some issues from crazy California sometimes, where I come from, in helping to fight a battle there that would allow people to have religious freedom and freedom of conscience. Again, I think a cornerstone of the founding of this country has been lost a lot of times here, in recent reinterpretations, as to what I think true, traditional values are. He has given that voice to the unborn. He stood side by side with the Little Sisters of the Poor in their direct fight for religious liberty. He defended the conscience of Americans who should never be forced to finance something that goes against one of the very principles our Nation was founded on—life—with their religious convictions. JOEPITTS, when it comes down to protecting conservative values in our government or outside of it, there was no issue too small, too insignificant, or anything that he would shy away from. Indeed, he inspires us to be bold, to stand up for those who can’t always speak for themselves or who have been beaten down by political correctness to even be able to speak for themselves. We need these conservative values. We need visions like JOEPITTS has always exhibited. To have been able to have worked beside him these years I have been here in the House, it has been a privilege, and I appreciate his work and his courage in being fearless against a tide that sometimes I can’t understand. At the end of all of this, I think some of the most rewarding words and the ones that we can try and express here tonight—but that will be expressed in a bigger place—is: well done, good and faithful servant. God bless JOEPITTS. Again, we thank him for his service on the Values Action Team and for all he has stood for, and I am proud to be able to stand beside him. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank my good friend from California for his very, very fine remarks. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, as there are a number of Members who would like to submit, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, it is hard to imagine a Congress without the incomparable JOE PITTS—a remarkable and highly accomplished lawmaker, a distinguished statesman, a man of principle and bedrock moral conviction and a Christian, who faithfully seeks to do God’s will on Earth as it is in Heaven no matter the cost, no matter the sacrifice, no matter the hardship. b1930 As I think some of my colleagues know—particularly those who know him well—JOEwas born in Kentucky into a family of strong Christian faith, a faith that has been passed on to his own three children; Carol, Karen, and Daniel. JOE’s father was an Army chaplain during World War II, serving in the South Pacific after the war. The elder Pitts returned to the Philippines with his wife and children to serve as a missionary in a warravaged country. It was there that JOEsaw the after effects of war; and that so profoundly affected him, he developed a heart there for human rights and a commitment to a strong national defense. After high school, JOEattended Asbury College in Kentucky, as my friend and colleague earlier pointed out. He met Virginia—Ginny, as we know her— a wonderful lady. My wife Marie and I and JOEand Ginny have traveled and have been together many times. She is just a wonderful wife of a half a century. Again, they not only have three children but a number of grandchildren as well. JOEtaught math, science, English, and physical education, as well as coached basketball. He served 5
1⁄2years in the United States Air Force, including three tours in Vietnam. He was the EW officer, electronic warfare officer, on a B–52 and completed 116 combat missions and earned the Air Medal with five oak leaf clusters. Here in Washington, JOEhas worked hard helping political prisoners, including people like Saeed Abedini and other Christian and nonChristian— Jewish and other religious and political prisoners around the world. He has been tenacious in promoting prayer breakfasts all around the world so that members of parliaments and congresses from many countries would know the blessings of fellowship and prayer and being in touch with God. He even traveled to Mongolia for the first prayer breakfast in the late 1990s. 
JOEleads an ambassadors’ prayer breakfast fellowship at the Cedars, right nearby in northern Virginia. I have had the privilege to join him for those breakfasts on occasions. It is a time for ambassadors to get together from all over the world—different regions meeting at different times, sometimes many from many regions—to break bread, to talk about the Scriptures with some emphasis on policy but mostly about how God does minister to us, how forgiving He is, and how all of us are in need of reconciliation. And JOEPITTS is there leading that fellowship and has been doing it for decades. JOEhas been a leader in the fight against ongoing human rights abuses in Western Sahara and elsewhere. He is cochair of the Lantos Human Rights Commission. And in Congress, of course, we know he has served in a number of key leadership positions, including his current position as chairman of the Health Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee, obviously working on so many important issues on diseases and disabilities. Top officials from the healthcare system present themselves before his committee for his review and oversight. He has been a problemsolver—he and his staff, working across the aisle to try to find solutions to these often vexing issues of health care. On the greatest human rights issue of our time—protecting unborn babies and their mothers from the violence of abortion—JOEPITTS has not only saved countless precious lives and fostered reconciliation and hope for postabortive women, but he has also been an extraordinary inspiration to all of us in Congress. The way he comports himself. He never gets angry. He deals with the issue in a way that reaches out to people who may have a different view in the hopes that they will see the wisdom of protecting the innocent and most vulnerable. JOEhas been a leader on every pro life congressional policy—bills, amendments, administrative actions—since he won his seat in Congress in 1996. We are grateful for his powerful voice and vote on ending the hideous method called partial birth abortion; enacting multiple annual abortion funding bans; proscribing sex selection abortion, which is the ultimate violation of women’s rights to say: you are susceptible to killing because you happen to be female; protecting paincapable unborn children as well as bornalive infants; and enforcing the conscience rights of prolife Americans has been remarkable. His leadership has been remarkable. Had the Senate adopted the House passed PittsStupak amendment, ObamaCare, with all of its egregious flaws, would have at least been abortionfree. JOEPITTS has been the greatest friend and ally of persons with disabilities, including his robust defense of Terri Schiavo. His service in the Pennsylvania General Assembly from 1973–1997, including his chairmanship of the powerful Appropriations Committee, to which he was elected by his peers, was filled with accomplishments, including his bold leadership in enacting the Abortion Control Act. Someday future generations will look back on America’s culture of death and wonder how and why a seemingly enlightened society, so blessed with civil rights protections, wealth, educational opportunities, information, medical breakthroughs, a free press, and a strong and diverse faith community could have allowed 60 million unborn children to be killed by abortion. When the day comes and legal protections for the weak and the most vulnerable are restored, I believe future generations of Americans will remember and celebrate the tenacious heroes, the human rights heroes of today, people like Henry Hyde, compassionate women like Mother Teresa, and JOE PITTS, who persevered, prayed, and worked tenaciously on behalf of the least of these. St. Francis once famously said: Always preach the gospel, and when necessary, use words. By his example, by his perpetual radiating of Christ—just look at his eyes; there is kindness and compassion and empathy in JOEPITTS’ eyes—he has inspired all of us to strive to do His will on Earth, as it is in Heaven. And it is a distinct privilege and honor to be known as one of JOEPITTS’ friends. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, JOEPITTS is a man whose faith and values, I believe, animate him to protect life in all its stages. Through his decades of service both in the military and public office—and as a dedicated husband and dad—Congressman JOEPITTS has nurtured, protected, and preserved the lives of others. First, as a young married man and a public school teacher, he nurtured the intellectual life of his students. Then, so that he could better support his wife and children, he signed up for Officer Training School. As an Air Force Captain, he did three tours in Vietnam over a five and a half year period, completing 116 combat missions throughout that time, and earning an Air Medal with five oak leaf clusters. Once again, JOErisked his own life to protect the lives of others. After retiring from military service, JOEre turned to teaching, and in 1972, he commenced his 24year tenure as a PA State Representative, where he was known for being a key advocate of the 1990 Abortion Control Act. In 1997, JOEbecame a member of Congress, and understanding that from the family springs new life, he was asked to chair the profamily Values Action Team. Throughout his service at the state and federal level, he has worked to improve the lives of others by exercising fiscal responsibility. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, he fougtht to improve our military readiness, so that our service members can better protect American lives. I know that each of us here today honoring JOEfeel that he has touched our lives, both as a colleague and as a friend. He has touched the lives of countless others through his service. I wish him all the best in the years to come, and, after decades of serving the lives of others, that he enjoys time with his family, especially his grandchildren. f 
RETIRING MEMBERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I am honored to be here this evening to talk about the remarkable records of five individuals who are retiring from the Congress. I have had the honor of chairing the California Democratic delegation for many years; and these five Members—Representative SAMFARR, Representative LOISCAPPS , Representative LORETTA SANCHEZ , Representative MIKEHONDA , and Representative Janice Hahn—are going home to California after serving distinguished careers here in the House. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I will start with my near neighbor, who has served since 1993. He came in in a special election, and that is Congressman SAMFARR. He has honorably represented the central coast of California for more than 40 years and here in Congress for the last 23. SAMwas born and raised in the Monterey County area. Before his service here in the House, he early on served in the Peace Corps in Colombia, and his wonderful fluent Spanish is a product of his Peace Corps service in Colombia. To this day, he has a special soft spot for that country. As the ranking member on the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, he has championed safe and nutritious food for consumers, farmers, and producers. He has made sure that the need of getting fresh food into school lunches has never been far from our thoughts, and he has had remarkable success there, which has served the health of children across the country. After serving in the Peace Corps, SAM represented his constituents on the Monterey County Board of Supervisors for 6 years. As a member of the Board of Supervisors, he continued to fight for environmental issues and for people who were disadvantaged. After that, he served in the California Legislature. SAMfounded the bipartisan House Oceans Caucus and authored the Oceans Act, which created the U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy. He is the longest serving Democrat on the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. And while he served on that subcommittee, he did something simply remarkable. We all know that 
bases across the United States were closed under the BRAC system, and one of those bases was the Fort Ord military base. It is the biggest California base, and it left a hole in that county. What SAMdid was, he worked with the local community to make sure that that base could be repurposed to good use, and he led the effort to make the Cal State University at Monterey a reality at Fort Ord. SAMis a former chair of the congressional Democratic delegation and did such a great job when he chaired this group. He stands for peace, for diplomacy. SAMis always standing up for the little guy. And one of the things in addition to that is that he has been the photographer for House Democrats. Whenever we go anywhere, SAMis there with his camera, and we really don’t know who is going to keep track of our activities when SAMretires. We wish him well. We know he is going to have a great time in the serene beauty of the region where he grew up. He said: It is time to go home and be a grandpa. And we know that he is a wonderful grandpa. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, L OIS CAPPS is also retiring. L OISwas sworn in on March 17, 1998. But I remember the day that her late husband, Walter Capps, passed away unexpectedly. She and Walter were on their way to the Capitol, and Walter passed away. We had an unplanned Special Order here. We were all so shocked that that had happened. And LOISwas here with us. She later went on to run for the seat that her husband had represented really for a short time: Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, and parts of Ventura County. She has represented that area with tremendous distinction. You know, she will be the first to tell you, she never expected to be a Member of Congress. She is a former nurse, a public health advocate. She was a school nurse and still talks about the work she did as a school nurse with children. And when she got elected to Congress, she was committed to improving schools, to quality health care, and a cleaner environment. She built a legacy of commonsense solutions that have helped make her district, her State, and our country cleaner, healthier, and more sustainable. And here is something not everyone knows; but when they hear it, it makes so much sense. She has been voted the nicest Member of Congress over and over again, and so she is. She serves on the powerful Energy and Commerce Committee and sits on the Health Subcommittee, the Energy and Power Subcommittee, as well as the Environment and the Economy Subcommittee. She has focused on Medicare reform, the nursing shortage, mental health, the protection of our air and water. She also serves on the House Natural Resources Committee. LOISis someone who not only serves with distinction but who is a warm friend. We will miss her greatly next Congress, but we know that she deserves the retirement that she has earned, and she will be going home to her beautiful district. THE HONORABLE LORETTA SANCHEZ  
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, our colleague LORETTA SANCHEZ is a true trailblazer. Beginning with her election in 1996, where in thenRepublican Orange County, she had an upset victory against former Representative Bob Dornan. She defeated Representative Dornan by less than 1,000 votes. b1945 When she got here, she immediately tried to do what she could for the defense of this Nation. She has served honorably as a senior member on the House Committee on Armed Services and the House Committee on Homeland Security and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. She is considered a leader on military and national security issues. She is also the cochair of the Congressional Women in the Military Caucus, where she advocated for female servicemembers to serve in combat roles, and she fought to end sexual assault in the Armed Forces. She served on the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, where she made sure our Nation is prepared for anything, any missile or nuclear attack. Another thing that I know so well about LORETTA is how much she cares about human rights, and specifically her advocacy for human rights in Vietnam. She and I have cochaired the Congressional Caucus on Vietnam. She has gone to Vietnam, and she is a reliable, vocal, smart, and dedicated advocate for human rights, for religious freedom and labor rights for people in Vietnam. Obviously a member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, she served in the past as cochair of the Immigration Task Force. She is a spectacular person. I will miss her a great deal, and I am thinking about who do I go to on the committee to talk about the nerdy but important things like the National Ignition Facility and big science projects that are also part of the armed services. She has served her country so well. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, MIKEHONDA will also be going home. I have had the honor of knowing MIKE HONDA for many decades. As a matter of fact, I think I first met MIKEwhen he was serving on the planning commission of the city of San Jose, appointed by thenMayor Norm Mineta, who later became a Member of Congress. He was later elected to the San Jose Unified School Board, and then to the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors. In fact, MIKEand I served together on the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors. Many of us know his history. During World War II, MIKEHONDA and his family spent 3 years imprisoned in an internment camp for Japanese Americans. That experience, I think, was the beginning of the fuel for his zeal in his fight for civil rights, for public service, and against discrimination. We will miss him because, although we have a very distinguished member in DORIS MATSUI , who was actually born in an internment camp, I believe that MIKE HONDA is the last of our Members who actually was old enough to remember being in that internment camp. We have discussions in our country today about locking up people based on their ethnicity or their religious beliefs. It is important that people like MIKE HONDA can stand up and say America made a mistake. America apologized for that mistake. Let’s never make that mistake again. MIKEserves on the House Committee on Appropriations and is serving now as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. In that position, he played a key role with me and Congresswoman ANNA ESHOO in helping to locate the Patent Office in San Jose and to make sure that the Department of Justice has the resources to address the backlog in rape kits. He also serves on the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies. He is chair emeritus of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, the founding chair of the Congressional Caucus to End Bullying, the vice chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, and the Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus. In fact, he spent many years fighting antiMuslim bigotry and discrimination against the LGBT community. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Finally, I want to mention our friend Janice Hahn, who took office just, I think, this week as a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. Janice was elected to Congress in 2011 and immediately made strong contributions to her district in a short time. But the story of Janice doesn’t begin with her election to Congress. It begins long before that. Her father, Supervisor Kenny Hahn, served longer as a member of the board of supervisors than anyone in the history of the United States; and Janice tells stories of growing up with her father and understanding that public service means getting down and actually talking with your constituents, providing direct services to them. He had a tremendous influence on her, and she served on the Los Angeles City Council before she ran for Congress successfully. Here, Janice served on the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, where she did important things like helping to pass the National Freight Network Trust Fund Act to increase investments in port and freight network infrastructure. As 
a result of her efforts, the harbor maintenance trust fund provided over $1 billion in resources to operate more efficiently and remain globally competitive. The Port of Long Beach, which she represented in Congress and now as a Los Angeles County supervisor, moves more than $180 billion of goods each year and is the second busiest seaport in the United States. She has always made sure that that port got the resources necessary to be efficient not only for the need for business in her district, but recognizing that the goods that come through that port help support the economy across the United States. She served also on the Committee on Small Business, where she worked to improve access to loans for small businesses to improve job creation. She cofounded the bipartisan Congressional Ports Opportunity, Renewal, Trade, and Security Caucus, the PORTS Caucus, and she also served with JIMCOSTA  and me on the California HighSpeed Rail Caucus, where she championed the California highspeed rail project, which will improve transportation in California and reduce traffic congestion and airport wait times. Janice Hahn is someone who really cared about her district in Congress, but her district in Congress is tiny compared to the district she represents on the L.A. County Board of Supervisors. We know that she will do a terrific job there. Many also know her as someone who was very involved in the prayer breakfast movement here in Congress. She made many friends across the aisle as she did that, and we will miss her. We know that we will see all of these fine individuals when we go home, as we do every week to California. Now before calling on my colleague Mr. FARR, I would also like to note that the timing of this was a little bit different than we had expected, and a lot of Members have statements. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I yield to SAMFARR. Mr. FARR. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. This is probably the last time I rise on this floor to speak after 23 years of serving here. It may take me a little more than 5 minutes. Ms. LOFGREN. That is all right. Mr. FARR. My daughter is on the way with my grandkids, who are trying to watch this. Maybe we can delay it a little more than that. Madam Speaker, I want to thank Ms. LOFGREN for her leadership in the California delegation. She is the head of the Democratic side of the aisle in our caucus from California, the largest caucus just the Democrats alone. I would just like to point out what the politics of the West has done since I first got elected in 1975. I arrived here, and there were an even number of Democrats and Republicans representing California. Today there are 39 Democrats, and that is because the State has really shifted in their registration and voting. So the California Democratic delegation, it is interesting that ZOEis the chair of because it is the most diverse delegation in Congress: majority women, the highest delegation of Hispanics, of women, of Asians, and I would like to say with, MIKEHONDA and Mr. G ARAMENDI and myself, the largest delegation of returned Peace Corps volunteers. It has been quite a change in the 23 years that I have been in Congress. I first arrived in 1993. I was the last guy in the door here because Leon Panetta, my predecessor, had been elected in the 1992 election, sworn in to the Congress that January; and then when President Clinton was sworn in for his first term, he turned around and appointed Leon Panetta to be head of the Office of Management and Budget. Leon resigns on that day, notifies Governor Wilson, who declares a special election. Interesting enough, in the special elections in California, it is an open election, so the highest vote getter from each party at the time would be in the runoff, and 27 people filed. I was in the state assembly. They said: You file and you will clear the field. No, it didn’t happen at all. It was quite a primary, and it ended up with a June election; and on June 15, I think I was sworn here, right in this very spot, to the United States Congress. What was interesting is I was the 435th Member of Congress, the last person, and today I think my seniority ranks me around 50, from 51 to 55. So it takes 23 years to move from the bottom slot all the way up to the top 50 or so slots in this House. It has been a very interesting experience. This truly is—and I have seen it through all the years—a representational democracy. There are all kinds of people in Congress with all kinds of issues: personal issues, family issues, financial issues. It really is representational of the society we live in. One thing in common is that they all want to serve the public; they want to serve this country. That service, particularly in this House, because we are representatives, we serve districts. Madam Chair was a former county supervisor, as I was, and I like jokingly saying that, frankly, because we all serve districts, we are like 435 county supervisors back here. We are more concerned about our district than the whole country. That is a strength for the constituents of the district, to be able to have direct access to their elected Members of Congress. It is probably a drawback when you are trying to draw the whole country into a common purpose. It is very difficult to get at least 218 people to agree, and that is the challenge here. I have had the privilege of serving on the Agriculture Committee, the Defense Committee, the Resources Committee, and, in the last 20 or so years, on the Appropriations Committee. It has been a wonderful experience because you are able to really get involved in the Appropriations Committee with all the details of running government. I am ranking member, the chief Democrat on the Agriculture Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee, and our budget for that committee is about the same as the entire budget for the State of California. That is an agency which was created by Abraham Lincoln. It was created to essentially deal with the home ec of westward expansion. So all of the rural development, the rural poverty programs, are in the Department of Agriculture. Plus you have ag attaches in every Embassy in the United States, in the world. You have the commodities futures exchange. You have Wall Street. You have everything in that committee and it is really interesting, and the biggest feeding program through food stamps, the WIC program, Food for Peace, and so on. I have been able to do a lot in changing policies so that we got fresh fruits and vegetables, and trying to get them in every school lunch program in the United States. That is good for California agriculture, and it is, more importantly, good for the kids of this Nation. I have had the privilege of being, I think, the only one in this House to create a national park during my service. The Pinnacles National Park was the 59th national park created in the history of this country. We have done a big expansion of ocean protection with the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary. We have created a visitors center for that sanctuary. We have created, for the Department of Fish and Wildlife, a center in Santa Cruz. We have created a brandnew university out of the largest base closure that ever happened in the history of the United States, with the closure of Fort Ord. Cal State Monterey Bay is really up and coming, about 7,000 students, a great university, really reaching out to the underserved populations of California. I have been able to raise the pay for Federal workers in my district, what they call the locality pay. I have been able to, I think, save the Naval Postgraduate School and the Defense Language Institute from being closed or reorganized, realigned to other States. The list goes on and on. I think what I am most proud of is the fact that I have had such incredible staff. I would just like to take a moment to tell you about Rochelle 
Dornatt, my chief of staff, who has been with me for 23 years; Debbie Merrill; Troy Phillips; Tom Tucker; Sam Chiron; Dushani De Silva; Zoe Gentes, who is a Sea Grant fellow in my office; Rosie Julin; and Ana Sorrentino, who is my foreign service staffer. b2000 On my district staff, Alec Arago, Carina Chavez, Nancy DeSerpa, Bertha Munoz, Kristen Petersen, and Alicia Castro. Kristen Petersen just got elected to the Capitola City Council. All of these people are moving on as I leave tomorrow, and I am very excited that they were part of my life. Just in closing, I would like to say that my daughter, Jessica, is here in the cloakroom, I hope, and she has with her my grandson, Zachary, and my granddaughter, Ella. I am so pleased that they could be here and share this moment with me. Congress is a great experience. It is the check and balance. It is the initiator of new ideas. It is the people’s House. And I just hope that as Member’s face this next uncertainty of a new administration—there is always uncertainty, and probably more so now with the controversial election we had in this country, but I really hope that this House will rise to the occasion to not let the people down. We fight for all kinds of wonderful reasons. This House, the people’s House, has really got to protect the people. So I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time for me to make a few comments. I am sure that I will have a lot more that I would love to say, but I include in the RECORD a list that I have here of over 20 years of getting results for the 20th Congressional District. 
OVER20 Y EARS OF GETTING RESULTS .  ...  Helping change things for the better while in Congress doesn’t just mean passing bills, though Sam Farr did a lot of that. It means looking for every opportunity—to form partnerships, to push for White House involvement, to secure earmarks, and even on occasion, to block others from interfering in the district’s welfare. Sam Farr did all this while in Congress and will continue to do so until the day he leaves. There is never a time when Sam Farr is not working for the best interests of the community. He leaves an indelible mark on the district that will have longterm, wide ranging impact now and far into the future. 
Got WH to include Salinas in its Violence Prevention strategy (to fight gangs). 2010–present. 
Helped legislate the RCI program, which has rebuilt military housing at Fort Ord (now the Ord Military Community).2001–ongoing. 
Obtained approval of VA cemetery at Fort Ord .......... 1993–2014 
Provided approximately $65 million, total, to underwrite the new CSUMB. 1994–1999 
Helped negotiate, then got $$ for Salinas Valley Water Reclamation project and the Castroville Water Intrusion project.1994–95 
Opened up DLI to civilian students on a selected, spaceavailable basis. 1994 
Prevented closure of local Social Security office ....... 1999 Item Approximate Date 
Transfer of EDDowned building via DOL to city of Salinas for child care center. 1999 
Creation of the center for stabilization and reconstruction studies; also a permanent office within the State Department.2000 
Got WH to use Antiquities Act to establish Coastal National Monument. 2000 
Marine Protected Area center in Santa Cruz .............. 2000 
Plan Colombia (revising aid for local capacity growth). 2000 
Got Fair Trade Sustainable Coffee mandated for House restaurant facilities. 2001 
Prevented the Navy from expanding bombing runs at Fort Hunter Liggett. 2002 
Provided the funds (via earmark) for a new Olympic sized public pool in Salinas. 2002 
Legislated FHL lands into permanent status as a national forest under the direction of the Forest Service if FHL is ever surplussed by the military.2004 
Moved FORA policy from 0% affordable housing to a minimum of 20%. 2004 
Passed a law making California Missions eligible for federal restoration/rehabilitation grants. 2004 
Won locality pay for federal workers in Monterey County. 2004 
Environmental Services Contract Agreement—Fort Ord (clean up complete). 2006–2014 
Golf carts for the disabled at military golf courses .. 2006 
Transferred Pt. Pinos Lighthouse to City of Pacific Grove. 2006 
Established the Center for Homeland Defense and Security at NPS. 2007 
Organized Team Monterey—all DOD entities in Monterey County. 2007 
Negotiated the swap of lands at Fort Ord (‘‘Stilwell Kidney’’) to allow the expansion of military housing and a new ‘‘gateway’’ for the City of Seaside.2008 
Finalized new VA/DOD health clinic (now under construction). 2012 
Got WH to use Antiquities Act to establish Fort Ord National Monument. 2012 
Legislated elevation of Pinnacles National Monument to full National Park status. 2012 
Legislated the Economic Development Conveyance for BRAC properties. 1993, 2009 
‘‘Monterey Model’’ for contracting municipal services at military bases. 2000, 2012 
Secured increased per diems for government rates in the district. 2003, 2012 
Proud to be An American Act (became law) .............. 1996, 2006, 2008 
Helped break the logjam on H–2A visas for local growers during the government shutdown, ensuring a sufficient workforce for the holiday growing & harvest season.2013 
Overcame the government shutdown that had closed off parking for the annual Jade Festival in Big Sur.2013 
Passed a bill in the House (and sent it to the Senate) to name the new VADOD health clinic after Gen. Bill Gourley.2013 and 2014 
Approximate total dollars brought in to the district in 22 years (appropriations only, not formula money).$1,016,000,000+ 
Approximate number of constituent letters answered in 22 years. 511,000 
Provided nearly $7 million to Salinas/Monterey County to fight gangs. Various. 
Secured waivers for Salinas and Hollister so they can get Rural Development money. Various, ongoing. 
Authored legislation on medical marijuana that became law. 2014, 2015 
Forced FAA to review the SAFR flight plan over Santa Cruz (ongoing). 2015 
Secured the funds to renovate the ‘‘Low Water Bridge’’ at Fort Hunter Liggett. 2015 
Locked in $56.3 million from previous appropriations for a new barracks at DLI. 2015 
Guaranteed a new ARS station would be built in Salinas by USDA. 2015 
Reinstated $7.2 million in funding for NOAA’s BWET program. 2015 
Engineered the highest appropriations level for the Peace Corps in its history (410 million). 2015 
Got the House to pass H.R. 1838 to allow the recreational use of BLM land at Clear Creek as a public recreation area.2016 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I think the comments the gentleman has made show what a difference a Member of Congress can make in the lives of his or her constituents. One of the things I will say as SAM leaves is that we have joint swearingin sessions around the Fourth of July. SAMwas born on the Fourth of July. Some of the most memorable moments I have are in Gilroy, with hundreds of people wanting to become American citizens. The remarkable thing about our country is that we have 200 people walk in from 150 countries, and they walk out the citizens of just one country. SAMhas been a leader in immigration, the environment, and so many things, and we honor him and respect him for his service to our country. Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I passed legislation called Proud to be an American Day. I was hoping that we could do that on the morning of the Fourth of July, but, because it is a Federal holiday, the Federal immigration people don’t work that day. So we have been scheduling this around the Fourth of July and days before. It has been a huge turnout. It is the largest turnout for press because there are so many interesting people to interview. I really appreciate the gentlewoman coming as an immigrant family and talking about her family background. It has been a highlight to see the smiles and enthusiasm of a day when we are really proud to be Americans. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS), a distinguished Member of the Armed Services Committee and the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, as the only member from the 53rd District, the only district that is 53rd in the country—the highest number district ever—and I am so aware of the size and scope of California and its congressional delegation. We have such a wide range of talents and perspectives and contributions that California Members bring to this body. As we see the 114th Congress now come to a close, we have more departing Members than many delegations have in the first place. So I am here to talk about some of them. We are losing leaders, we are losing friends and mentors, Members whom we have looked to and served beside. We are losing Members who have been so influential as they have shared to make their passion to make lives better, each in their own way. As we bid them farewell, I want to take this moment to pay tribute to five members that I am going to dearly miss. The first one is LOISCAPPS . LOIShas really been an example and a role model for how to be the quintessential Congresswoman. She is generous, classy, hardworking, collaborative, and never afraid to stand up for people who are in need. One of the things about LOISthat we all know is she has a lock on the Nicest Member of Congress award, and that is for a really good reason. She has been very helpful to me, and my staff, from the minute I came to Congress. I came a few years after she 
did. Since then, they have been helpful whenever we needed them. I certainly will miss her leadership, her perspective as a nurse and a healthcare advocate, and our region’s voice on the Energy and Commerce Committee. She has always looked out for and delivered for women, kids, consumers, and anyone who has had problems with healthcare coverage. On that committee, she really has been a leader on the environment and a leader in promoting clean energy and green technology. Everybody knows LOIShere on the floor. We all just look for her assurance and her smile all the time. SAMFARR just spoke a few minutes ago. He really is a Member that you look to for results. I learned about SAMwhen I was a member of the California legislature. One year, when the California members came to visit our Members of Congress, Sam was there to greet us. I remember having discussions with him. I think we were both chairing Consumer Affairs at one time in the State legislature and so we became kind of fast friends. SAMwas also one of my walking buddies. There were a few years there where we walked often in the morning, meeting about six o’clock. We had a gang of us who went down to the park. We were there always talking and having a good time and really sharing our experience here. One thing we all know about SAMis that he was a legendary photo taker. I can assure you, whenever you see SAM wandering down here on the floor, he was often bringing pictures of people from one event or another that he had taken. They were great mementos. I know that we all treasured them dearly. SAMis known from Monterrey, which he represents, to Colombia. Everywhere he goes, he speaks to people. Often, if you travel with SAM, you know how hard it is to get him moving because he really wants to stop and talk to everybody along the way. SAMwas really shaped by his service in the Peace Corps and dedicated himself to giving back and looking at tough issues from a global perspective. He has been an earmark and appropriations leader. His staff made him a book of accomplishments, and it was so thick. There were so many things that they had to share about SAMand what he has accomplished. Just like my colleague had said, he really stands for how we can work hard and we can get things done, especially when we know how to work with people. And SAMknows how to do that. That is why he has such a great, thick binder and lots of wonderful pictures. SAMhas been a leader in the fight against offshore drilling and a smart thinker when it comes to BRAC solutions. I also want to talk about LORETTA  SANCHEZ . As my Armed Services colleague, my housemate, and Longworth neighbor, LORETTA is someone I really got to see a lot of. In this kind of funny buttondown town we have, LORETTA is really a breath of fresh air. We know she is never afraid to be herself, and she is not like anyone else who has ever served. She surprised people when she came to Congress after a very longshot campaign that really wasn’t decided for months after she came here. Of course, she has never been afraid to take on a toughodds fight. She was one of the first younger women before we had a lot of women coming here to Congress—women who had young children—who were really in their earlier years. A lot of us waited until we were later in our careers, but not LORETTA . She came when she was really a young woman. LORETTA is famous, of course, for her holiday cards and a lot of things that I just can’t repeat right now, and for being one of the smartest, thoughtful, and funniest Members that we have here in Congress. I know that when San Diego groups come to town and want an interesting speaker, I always recommend LORETTA . I never know what she is going to say, but that is why people listen. She is someone I will dearly miss, but at least she is leaving her little sister here with us in leadership, no less. We are glad to have LINDA in that position. I want to talk about my friend, MIKE HONDA . MIKEand I have been on the same path. We served in the legislature together, we campaigned in the year of George W., and we came to Congress in the same small Democratic class in 2000. Our staffs have worked very closely together, and he has ruled the seventh floor of Longworth from the same office that he has held the whole time he has been here in Congress. Like SAMFARR, MIKEwas shaped by his service in the Peace Corps in El Salvador. He has been a warrior for justice, whether it is educational justice or civil rights, and he has taken API issues to a new level and really made people aware of the struggles of Asian Americans from internment camps to POW issues to sex trafficking. MIKEis something of a bridge as well between the generations. He has represented Silicon Valley with pride and been an advocate and example of new technology. His office always crushes all of us in the Golden Mouse Web site competition, and I think he was the first Member to drive a Prius. He still has that same green Prius with a stuffed animal we see parked all over campus. More than anything, we miss stories of MIKE’s famous karaoke nights. I hear nobody does Sinatra better. Janice Hahn. Janice actually turned out to be one of my newer colleagues from nearby LA, and I certainly hate to see her leave, but she will be a huge asset as a member of the Los Angeles Board of Supervisors. She joins a former colleague here and a former colleague of mine of the State legislature. Go girl. She is going to do tremendous work. The group of them who are in charge now at LA County, I know, will make tremendous strides for the region and for all of their constituents. It is very clear that Janice is an expert on transportation and infrastructure. She has helped a lot of us to understand port issues and stands up for the working people who make the goods move. It is always a great privilege to travel with Janice. I had that opportunity on a few occasions. I am certainly glad she will be serving in elected office. She still has such a great contribution to make. So, in closing, I just want to say that we certainly are going to miss these Members for different reasons, but those of us still here will carry on their legacies and never forget the marks they have each made. I have learned from all of them, and I will try to carry on their legacies by making my New Year’s resolution to be as genuine as LOIS, as edgy as L ORETTA , as engaging as SAM, as good at singing as MIKE, and as spiritual as Janice. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ), who represents north of San Francisco and the north coast. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, one of the things I love about serving in Congress is I am always presented with new and interesting experiences. Each year brings more of these experiences, but I have already, in just 4 years, found that there is one experience I have quite enough of, and that is saying goodbye to incredible, irreplaceable colleagues who are just remarkable public servants. I wish them well. I am happy for them in retiring, but I am going to really miss them. Last year, we had the tough duty of saying goodbye to Henry Waxman and George Miller. This year, we have got another class of terrific people who are moving on. b2015 I am going to miss all of my California colleagues, including our southern California friends, Janice Hahn and LORETTA SANCHEZ ; but I want to focus the time I have on our northern California neighbors, starting with our great friend, SAMFARR. A lot will be said, now and long into the future, about SAM’s incredible public service career. People will talk about his time in Colombia in the Peace Corps, the 6 years that he spent on the Monterey County Board of Supervisors, his 12 years in the State assembly, his nearly 23 years in Congress. SAMhas been such a dedicated and passionate public servant. It is not just the duration and the breadth of those offices. It is really the quality and the character of SAM’s service and, particularly, when it comes to the ocean. SAMwas the founder of the House Oceans Caucus, and a longstanding advocate for our coasts and oceans, and 
reminding all of us and our country, how important they are to our economy. He helped lay the groundwork for a National Ocean Policy that recognizes that there are tens of millions of jobs across this country and trillions of dollars of economic activity that depend on healthy oceans. SAMhas helped all sorts of special places throughout his career, especially in the Central Coast. He has never rested on his laurels. Despite his many accomplishments—and there are too many to list here—I think it is important to note that he created the Pinnacles National Park, which was signed into law in 2013. He successfully lobbied to have a national monument at Fort Ord, which was designated in 2012. And SAMhas told me many times, even in recent days, that the most satisfying part of his work here in Congress is the enduring part of his legacy, those permanent protections that he, through a lot of hard work and perseverance, has been able to make happen. Beyond all of this, all of these achievements, all of these offices that define SAM’s public service career, I think it is also important to just note he is a heck of a human being. I will miss SAM. It has been said by Susan and others that he has just always got a warm smile. He greets you on the airplane. He is a pleasure to travel with. He will come up and give you a picture that he took from the last holiday party, sometimes like a year and a half earlier because he has kept it in his pocket for a long time waiting to see you. SAM, you are just a wonderful friend and human being, and I am so honored to have served with you. So let’s talk about another great human being and public servant, LOIS CAPPS . What I love about L OISand will deeply miss is the fact that she is a nurse to the core, and a health advocate. She really, as a Member of Congress, and as a health advocate, just walks the walk all the time, constantly advocating for affordable and accessible health care for all, and that includes, obviously, being a champion with her work for the Affordable Care Act. She really does leave this institution, I think, as one of its most respected members, one of the kindest members, certainly one of the ones with widespread affection from her colleagues. That is a reputation that I think everyone in public life should strive for. LOIS, of course, is another stalwart for California’s oceans and our coast, and has helped lead the charge against offshore drilling throughout her tenure. I think the part of LOISthat I will especially appreciate and especially miss is that she is my living bridge to a wonderful time in my life when I was a student at UC Santa Barbara. Of course, LOISherself is a graduate of USCB, and I know that my fellow alumni and everyone in the UCSB community is so proud of her. It is extra special because, of course, she holds the seat in Congress that was previously held by the late Walter Capps, a UCSB professor who was one of my favorite professors way back in the 1980s when I was a Gaucho student. Finally, it is tough to say goodbye, but we have to, to our great friend, MIKE HONDA , who has so ably represented the Bay Area on the Appropriations Committee. He has made sure that Congress has invested in key priorities for our Bay Area region. The extension of BART is just one of many, many examples of MIKE’s great work. He served in public life for more than 3 decades, from the San Jose School Board to the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors, the California Assembly, and here in Congress. MIKE’s very special service draws upon his life experience. He has just been an incredible champion for civil rights and human rights and equality. He has really been our North Star, I think, here in Congress on these critical issues. He has gone to bat for the AAPI community, the LGBT community and, frankly, anyone who has been disadvantaged and who needs a champion in their quest for equality. MIKEis my neighbor here in Washington. I will miss running into him. I will miss seeing that old, beatup, first generation Toyota Prius with all the faded stickers on the bumper. Most of all, I will just miss MIKE’s great sense of humor, his warm smile, and his friendship; but I do know that that friendship will continue. Mr. Speaker, and my colleague, ZOE LOFGREN , thank you for the time to lend my voice of appreciation and gratitude to these great, great, champions for California and for our country. We wish them well. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I had a number of other Members who had planned to be here but, because of the hour, there is a conflicting event, so they will be adding their voices to the RECORD . Let me just close by saying that our delegation—really, all the Congress and the public—are going to miss the distinguished service of SAMFARR, LOISCAPPS , LORETTA SANCHEZ , M IKE HONDA , and Janice Hahn. Each of them very different, but each of them made their mark in a way that will not be forgotten. We are sad to see them go, but here’s the good news: we have fresh faces coming in to replace them who are very distinguished and who will also make their mark because none of us here will be here forever. We are just passing through this people’s House in an effort to serve our country as best we can. Certainly, these Members have served that public with tremendous distinction, and we are honored to have served with them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. UNMANAGEABLE CABINET AGENCIES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LAHOOD). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 30 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to address the people’s House this evening. Last night, I talked about my initial reflections on having been a freshman Congressman spending my first term in the United States House of Representatives. Last evening, I talked at length about the growth of the administrative state, the expansion of executive power, to the detriment of the first branch, the legislative branch. I traced those changes from my previous service on Capitol Hill as a young man in the Senate staff of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee, and then, most recently, working for President Bush 41 during his 4 years in the Presidency. Tonight I want to turn and continue that discussion with our American people, Mr. Speaker, and talk about how the cabinet agencies, since I worked for President Bush, worked in cabinet affairs, coordinated economic policy during the last 2 years of his Presidency from the White House staff. I want to talk tonight about those cabinet agencies and how, in my view, they have become essentially unmanageable. You can see the critical need for spending and personnel reform in many of our departments. In fact, one may assume that change is desired by both the legislative and executive branches, yet reform flounders, whether it was at the Pentagon under Secretary Rumsfeld during Bush 43 or the Veterans Affairs Department today under the current administration. I have watched the VA for the past 2 years. Secretary McDonald’s plans changed, laws are changed, yet malfeasance, incompetence, and worse persist. On just this Monday, Mr. Speaker, The Washington Post published a shocking report that Pentagon officials buried evidence of $125 billion in bureaucratic waste during 2015. For that horrific activity, they were the recipient of this month’s Golden Fleece Award by my office. To make it worse, they even made the effort, according to The Washington Post, of hiding this effort, knowing that it would be impetus for the Congress to come together and cut their budget. Clearly, that is a problem with an unmanageable cabinet agency. I have seen this firsthand right in Little Rock, my hometown, where the center of the Air Force’s C–130 program is, for America’s airlift, where the Department of the Air Force officials planned for years to transfer aircraft from Keesler Air Force Base in Mississippi to Little Rock Air Force Base, basing it as a critical, costsaving initiative, along with other force structure changes of some $922 million across future years of their 5year plan. Yet, Congress’ meddling prevented this commonsense Air Force plan cost 
saving initiative. So these bureaucratic efforts in the cabinet agencies that make them, in my view, unmanageable come both from the executive and from the legislative. Looking at the Veterans Affairs Department, some 360,000 employees, up 140,000 in the past decade alone. About twothirds of the members are civilian employees, are part of the American Federation of Government Employees and Service Employees International Union. These VA employees are subject to, of course, the protections by the Merit Systems Protection Board. While there are many hardworking and dedicated VA employees, both in the healthcare area, across our VA hospitals, and in benefits, and many union members fight for high standards and fight for high quality across our veterans system, the facts are stubborn things, and they remain that the VA has had serious quality, ethics, and management issues that are hurting veterans and hurting the reputation of the Federal Government. Just in this Congress alone, under the leadership of Congressman JEFF MILLER , the chairman of our Veterans Affairs Committee during this Congress, we have seen reforms to rein in construction spending by the VA, clawback bonuses, fire bad actors, stop paying official time to do union work. We have seen, though, people not fired, even though people have died in VA health care. We have seen a $300 million hospital complex, Mr. Speaker, be $1 billion over budget; not possible, in my view, in the private sector. So there is no doubt that our cabinet agencies need reform. We talked about regulatory reform, executive overreach reform, but we must have work rule reform in our agencies. The other thing I want to touch on tonight before I talk about solutions is just spending overall to fund the obligations of our Federal Government. Every month, I receive numerous letters about the $1.1 trillion in annual spending that Congress typically approves each year. When done properly, this annual spending is approved by way of 12 appropriations bills in this body, the people’s House, and six appropriations bills in the Senate. They are conferenced together, and they are presented to the President for his veto or approval. The problem is that this very typical, very constitutional program that has been applied for 240 years about how to authorize and appropriate funds to operate our government just no longer typically happens, yet this is Congress’ most fundamental obligation under Article I. The appropriations clause is but 16 words long. ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by law.’’ This is our job, yet the last time that all the appropriations bills were passed individually and enacted into law before October 1 of a new fiscal year was 1994. My, that is a terrible track record. So this is not a President Obama issue or a President Bush issue. This is an issue of the Congress itself. Now you know why, after 20 years, I have seen so many things change, and not for the better, coming back to Washington to represent the people of central Arkansas. b2030 What happens without such a process of appropriations bills is what we will be voting on this week: a continuing resolution which simply freezes spending at current levels and extends forward to a date certain, or, as an alternative to that kind of continuing resolution, an omnibus spending bill where everything is rolled into one. These massive bills reflect the work, hopefully, of our House and Senate committees. They frequently contain items, Mr. Speaker, that are parachuted into the bill at the end of the negotiations between the House and the Senate, and those produce fireworks on both sides of the political spectrum. The irony about that debate of that $1.1 trillion in typical annual spending, approved by this body, is that it composes about $600 billion—50 percent—that goes to our national defense that funds the essential expenditures for our men and women in uniform. About $80 billion goes to our veterans and military construction projects around the United States and the world, and the balance is for everything else that we consider government: highway finance, local education initiatives that go to our States, our national parks, and help for our Corps of Engineers on our ports and along our rivers. What shocks the Arkansans that I respond to about their letters is that, while I appreciate their correspondence, their emails about that $1.1 trillion in spending, the socalled domestic discretionary spending, I remain frustrated that Congress’ lack of action on the other $3.5 trillion that this government spends is in the mandatory spending portion of the budget. It is not subject to annual appropriations. So I thank you for your mail and your suggestions about how we can reform spending at the Pentagon or reform spending in our national forests or our national parks, but $3.5 trillion is in mandatory spending which funds Social Security, Social Security Disability, Medicaid health care for the poor, Medicare health care for the elderly, and interest on our national debt—and these programs are essentially based on eligibility. Yet, many of us remain concerned about the size of our annual deficits— the total size of our national debt—particularly when you consider the size of the national debt to our total economy. We currently have about $19 trillion in outstanding debt of the United States with about $6 trillion of that owed to foreign investors outside the U.S., principally in Japan and China. This debt is a percentage of our GDP, that is $19 trillion, which is about 100 percent of GDP. Back in my twenties, when I worked for Senator Tower from Texas on the Senate Banking Committee, debt to GDP was about 30 percent. When I worked for President Bush 41 as a member of his White House staff for economic policy, our debt was about 50 or 60 percent of GDP. Now you know why after 20 years I remain so concerned, because it has now doubled. There is a lot of economic research that tells us about the dampening impact on our national growth rates if we have national debt at these kinds of levels. It saps capital alternatives to the private sector that can bring faster growth. Clearly, since the Great Recession of 2008, we have had low growth— well below what I believe should be the growth rate of this great economy. Likewise, we are at a time of low interest rates. Interest rates are likely on the rise. And while we are paying a modest amount of interest on that soontobe $19 trillion dollars today, the Congressional Budget Office believes that, as interest rates gradually increase over the next few months and years, interest will move from about $220 billion to $830 billion, Mr. Speaker, over the next 10 years, surpassing what we spend as a nation on our national defense. So there is no doubt the Federal Government has grown too big and too complex and interferes too greatly. We must get our fiscal house in order. Mr. Speaker, eliminating waste and fraud will not do it. Raising taxes won’t do it. I am always reminded by members of the opposition that insist that we can only balance our budget by raising taxes. Winston Churchill’s favorite quote about taxes: ‘‘We contend that for a nation to try to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to lift it himself by the handle.’’ It is not going to do it, Mr. Speaker. This problem is too large and requires reform, and it requires this Congress to reform in the outyears and put us on the right track. Former Joint Chief of Staff Chairman Michael Mullen said in 2010, 6 years ago, Mr. Speaker, that the biggest national security problem facing the United States was the size of our national debt. So let me talk now, Mr. Speaker, about potential solutions that this Congress has to adopt working with our Presidentelect in the coming days, in the coming years, and in the early months of the Trump administration. First, Congress, heal thyself. We must reassert our Article I powers: the power of the purse; the power of the proper appropriations process. We don’t need someone to impose that. We need to impose it on ourselves. We need to remind the American people to contact us, to help us return to regular order and return to the appropriations process. We need all 12 of 
those bills passed and we need to stop depending on continuing resolutions like we will this week. This is something I think that is fundamental. Let’s talk about some of the reforms to that budget process tonight. In this Congress, I was proud to support the Biennial Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act, which was introduced by REIDRIBBLE of Wisconsin. If this bill passes, it would help the government fix our broken budget system by establishing a biennial budget cycle. I think this would provide Federal agencies with the kind of planning capability that would make them much more effective. We could identify cost savings, no doubt, in the important infrastructure area and longterm systems issues that we have, particularly in the Pentagon. This would be a large advantage. After reflecting on this, I support abolishing our Budget Committee process. Put in place in 1974, the intent was to have a way to rein in the executive. The Budget Act of 1974 was to help punish Richard Nixon. I believe that if we abolish the Budget Committee, we can allow our authorizing committees to serve both an authorizing and an appropriating function. We can eliminate redundancies in our Federal Government, and we can look inward in how we can eliminate also unnecessary procedures in Congress that waste time. In turn, our Appropriations Committee would oversee the budget resolutions, making sure that Congress spends no more than what we have approved in a budget resolution and that we can review individual ceilings for appropriating money for those government functions that don’t require an authorization. I also support the idea of properly directing the Congressional Budget Office to account for, or score, in their terminology, for longterm investments as budget impacts versus just currentyear spending. These ideas are not revolutionary; they are well known. We are stuck in the past, Mr. Speaker, and we must reform ourselves starting with this budget and appropriations process. In fact, these ideas are as old as my boss’ suggestions. John Tower was a 24year veteran of the Senate. He served on the Budget Committee and was chairman of the Armed Services Committee in the Senate. These were his ideas upon his retirement in 1984 as to how to make the Congress more effective. The Congressional Budget Office relies on a set of government statistics including GDP growth, inflation, and tax receipts. It takes into accounts dynamic scoring. In my view, these things need to be done in a more proper way to better calculate the cost of legislation and the benefits for the economy. For example, CBO does not currently include interest payments on the debt when scoring new legislation. As previously mentioned, this interest will grow exponentially in the coming years, and now spending programs and reforms, in my view, ought to be calculated and take into account the agency costs and the carrying costs on our national debt. Another recommended reform to the CBO from our House Budget Committee would be to eliminate builtin discretionary inflation, removing the automatic extensions of expiring programs, and removing the current assumption that entitlement payments will continue at current levels even when their trust funds are predicted to be insolvent. These practices currently used by CBO result in automatic plus ups for the baseline budget, and these reforms, in my view, will remove the current bias to ever higher spending levels. We ought to consider what we do in the private sector, Mr. Speaker, zero based budgeting to assess what is really needed and not needed in our Federal agencies. What a great idea for Mr. Trump’s incoming new Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Interior Department, let’s go to zero based budgeting. Let’s have you justify to the Chief Financial Officer in the Interior Department every program, and then come to Congress with your recommendation of what we really should be doing at Interior or any other bureau or cabinet agency of the government. House and Senate bills have been introduced on this issue. Representative DUNCAN of Tennessee and Senator THUNE of South Dakota would, I think, bring a lot of common sense. They would say that if private enterprises are performing activities duplicated by an arm of the Federal Government, then they would have the opportunity to compete for that work that Federal agencies unnecessarily handle inhouse and, therefore, give better value to our taxpayers. IT investments—information technology—is a critical function in all of our private sector life. Yet, GAO, the Government Accountability Office, found that 75 percent of the technology budget for the Federal Government goes to just painting up and fixing aging technology rather than modernizing and going in a different direction on IT. They are actually still using floppy disks at the Pentagon and maintaining 1970sera computer platforms. Look, that stuff ought to be in the Smithsonian, not at the Pentagon. The report notes that the Social Security systems that are used to determine our eligibility and our benefits are more than 30 years old and are based on COBOL computer language. Mr. Speaker, I used COBOL computer language when I was in college almost 40 years ago. We need that kind of reform in order to be competitive and provide services to our constituents and safe, cyberready protections. We have already witnessed the Office of Personnel Management losing people’s identities and creating identify theft right in the middle of a Federal computer system that is supposed to be the best. Our chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, JASON CHAFFETZ , has expressed his support for modernizing our government’s aging systems, calling it a vital part of infrastructure that we need in order to have a fully functional government. I couldn’t agree more. We don’t need to shortchange these agencies when it comes to delivering a safe, cyberprotected IT infrastructure. Last night I talked about the administrative state, the growth of regulation, and the cost of regulation exceeding that of all the revenues from the tax system. Let’s talk about what we can do to rein in regulatory costs. The House passed a Separation of Powers Restoration Act in 2016, which would amend the Administrative Procedure Act, to require the courts to decide all de novo relevant questions of law, including the interpretation of constitutional and statutory provisions and rules. This bill would eliminate the Chevron deference, which, in my view, is blocking common sense being used and direction of this people’s House and the Senate over our regulatory body. This is not a new topic, Mr. Speaker. James Madison in Federalist 51 discussed the need of each branch of government to guard against overreach by another. He stated that when an overreach occurs, ambition must be to counteract ambition. That is what we want to do in this House, Mr. Speaker. We have passed the REINS Act, Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act. The REINS Act, which passed this act overwhelmingly, said that any major rule like those that I described last night that cost the economy more than $100 million would require coming back to Congress for approval. That will put the people’s Representatives here in charge of the administrative state and not the other way around. I referenced a few minutes ago The Washington Post story about uncovering $125 billion of hiddenaway, misdirected spending at the Pentagon that I awarded this month’s Golden Fleece Award. b2045 I brought back the Golden Fleece from the seventies. It was created by Senator William Proxmire of Wisconsin. It is that kind of thing that I think calls attention to egregious behavior by the Executive and allows us to have policy changes here. I commend former Senator Tom Coburn and his successor Senator LANKFORD for the same kind of work. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to turn to the subject of the Community Empowerment Initiative, something that I have spent a lot of time on in my district in Little Rock, finding ways to fight poverty and use the talents and time of the private sector to do that, and also to identify ways that we can 
find a better way to enhance the lives of American citizens, get them out of poverty, get them the education they need and the skills they need to succeed in our economy. This is the big challenge before the incoming Trump administration and this Congress. It is important that people have a vested interest in their community and have a sense of community engagement about how we do what I talked about last night, the idea that we let people closest to the problems solve those problems and not be dependent on onesizefitsall challenges here. So, Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to have been reelected and continue to serve the citizens of Arkansas and our country. I am humbled to be asked to raise my hand on January 3 and again affirm my allegiance to our country and our beloved Constitution. Every Thursday morning, we assemble for the House prayer breakfast, and every Thursday morning I feel the prayers around our country, for our country. We in that group pray for all of our families. We pray for our men and women in uniform around our world protecting our liberties and our freedoms. I pray for each of the families in my district, that they have the health and prosperity and the ability to pursue happiness under our great Constitution. On behalf of my family, I wish all of the people of the Second Congressional District of Arkansas a blessed Christmas season. May God bless our troops overseas and our great Nation. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CLYBURN (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 795. An act to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee employees. S. 3395. An act to require limitations on prescribed burns. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 8, 2016, at 9 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3764. A bill to provide that an Indian group may receive Federal acknowledgment as an Indian tribe only by an Act of Congress, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–847). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi Final Report of the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi (Rept. 114– 848). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 949. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–849). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 329 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself and Mr. CUMMINGS ): H.R. 6447. A bill to establish the National Commission on Foreign Interference in the 2016 Election; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 6448. A bill to establish the National Wildlife Corridors System to provide for the protection and restoration of native fish, wildlife, and plant species and their habitats in the United States that have been diminished by habitat loss, degradation, fragmentation, and obstructions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6449. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to provide political advertising vouchers and payments to defray the costs of postage for candidates in general elections to the Senate or House of Representatives who agree to restrictions on the types of contributions such candidates raise and the types of expenditures such candidates make, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , and Mr. M EADOWS ): H.R. 6450. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself and Mr. CHAFFETZ ): H.R. 6451. A bill to improve the Governmentwide management of Federal property; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 6452. A bill to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 6453. A bill to clarify the effect of a Memorandum Opinion for the Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, dated September 20, 2011, and pertaining to the lawfulness of proposals by Illinois and New York to use the Internet and outofstate transaction processors to sell lottery tickets to instate adults, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6454. A bill to require a certain percentage of LNG and crude oil exports be transported on United Statesbuilt and United Statesflag vessels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself and Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 6455. A bill to require a certain percentage of LNG and crude oil exports be transported on vessels documented under the laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6456. A bill to render the amounts authorized to be appropriated for U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement for fiscal years 2018 through 2021 contingent upon the amount appropriated for the Executive Office for Immigration Review for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6457. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide Medicare coverage of preventive services that are required to be covered by group and individual health plans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6458. A bill to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to prohibit a State from requiring individuals to submit to drug testing as a condition of assistance under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance to needy families, to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to prohibit a public housing agency from requiring individuals to submit to drug testing as a condition of assistance under the Housing Choice Voucher Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H.R. 6459. A bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R USH, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. MOORE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 6460. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to require, for projects for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of treatment works funded through a State drinking water treatment revolving loan fund, the use of iron and steel products that are produced in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6461. A bill to encourage school bus safety; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. F LORES , and Mr. MULLIN ): H.R. 6462. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act for purposes of prioritizing the most vulnerable Medicaid patients; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself and Mr. LONG): H.R. 6463. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue guidance with respect to threedimensional human tissue models, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6464. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to award grants for teacherled projects to improve academic growth in elementary school and secondary school, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6465. A bill to authorize the incorporation of water quality improvement partnership programs into Federal Water Pollution Control Act NPDES permit programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for himself and Mr. DEFAZIO): H.R. 6466. A bill to establish a website for Federal Government apps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6467. A bill to provide that individuals may elect to retain workrelated benefits when moving throughout the workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HARRIS (for himself, Mr. PERRY , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. BRAT, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. BABIN, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. YOHO, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. WALKER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. POSEY ): H.R. 6468. A bill to prohibit any entity that receives Federal funds and does not comply with a lawful request for information or detainment of an alien made by any officer or employee of the Federal government who is charged with enforcement of the immigration laws from receiving additional funding; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6469. A bill to revise the Yurok reservation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. MESSER ): H.R. 6470. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit fellowship and stipend compensation to be saved in an individual retirement account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6471. A bill to expand retroactive eligibility of the Army Combat Action Badge to include members of the Army who participated in combat during which they personally engaged, or were personally engaged by, the enemy at any time on or after December 7, 1941; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 6472. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish a Volunteer Teacher Advisory Committee and a Volunteer Parents and Families Advisory Committee; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 6473. A bill to express the sense of Congress that information security is critical to the economic security of the United States and to direct the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information to submit to Congress a report on the costs of information security; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. RUSH, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. GUTHRIE ): H.R. 6474. A bill to eliminate the daily newspaper crossownership rule of the Federal Communications Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6475. A bill to remove reversionary clauses on property owned by the municipality of Anchorage, Alaska; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. RUSH: H. Con. Res. 180. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that rates for inmate calling service should not exceed the affordable modified rates adopted by the Federal Communications Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN: H. Con. Res. 181. Concurrent resolution directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a certain correction in the enrollment of S. 1635; considered and agreed to. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself, Mr. MCKINLEY , and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia): H. Con. Res. 182. Concurrent resolution commemorating the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, and the sinking of the U.S.S. West Virginia during that attack; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. LEE: H. Res. 948. A resolution honoring the individuals who lost their lives in the tragic fire in Oakland, California, on December 2, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GARRETT: H. Res. 950. A resolution expressing support for the designation of October 23 as a national day of remembrance of the tragic 1983 terrorist bombing of the United States Marine Corps Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 6450. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 6451. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States), Clause 6 (relating to post offices and post roads), and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 6452. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 6453. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: In conjunction with the Commerce Clause (Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3) which states that Congress has the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6454. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6455. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6456. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6457. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6458. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 6459. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 6460. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6461. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6462. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6463. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6464. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6465. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 6466. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6467. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HARRIS: H.R. 6468. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6469. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office thereof. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 6470. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6471. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. of the United States Constitution, wherein it reads: ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States . . .’’ and ‘‘Congress shall have the power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Depaitinent or Officer thereof.’’ By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6472. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 6473. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6474. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6475. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 239: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 446: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1095: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1098: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 1111: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1258: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 1305: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 1342: Mrs. RADEWAGEN and Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 1401: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1459: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1571: Mr. BERA. H.R. 1733: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 1814: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2016: Mr. NORCROSS and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2067: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2519: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2798: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 2849: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2863: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2972: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 3084: Mr. KATKO and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3222: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 3861: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3970: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4298: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 4622: Mr. VELA. H.R. 4794: Mr. PASCRELL and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 4795: Mr. PASCRELL and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 4796: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4813: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 4833: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas and Mr. Gutie´rrez. H.R. 4919: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4932: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 4938: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 5008: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 5067: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. DUCKWORTH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5183: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 5235: Mr. RUIZand Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  of California. H.R. 5272: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 5369: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5386: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. NADLER . H.R. 5474: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 5589: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 5654: Mr. D AVIDSON . H.R. 5851: Ms. MENG, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 6041: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 6117: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 6159: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 6166: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 6176: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 6205: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 6208: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 6226: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 6320: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 6340: Mr. KEATING , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 6343: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 6377: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 6382: Ms. KUSTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. SERRANO , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 6417: Mr. COHEN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 6421: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. FITZPATRICK , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 6424: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. TONKO , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 6428: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 6436: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. KIND, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 6446: Mr. PASCRELL . H. Con. Res. 144: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. T IPTON . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. KEATING . H. Con. Res. 175: Mr. NADLER . H. Con. Res. 176: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H. Res. 12: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H. Res. 289: Mr. TONKO and Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 590: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 833: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6765 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 2016 No. 176 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 