Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the House is considering this week the appropriations for energy and water. These are important decisions, vital programs that seriously touch all of us across the country, and have important decisions on resource allocation. There were two elements in the accompanying report that I would like to highlight for a moment. First is that I am pleased that the committee has included language encouraging the Army Corps of Engineers to continue efforts to construct new tribal housing at The Dalles Dam on the Columbia River between Oregon and Washington. The Columbia River is the cultural artery that ties together the Northwest. It is an engine for agriculture and for industry. But long before we started changing that river into a machine with the construction of dams in the 1930s, the artery was the core of the civilization for thousands of years for Native Americans. The river looked very different. It was fastermoving and steeper. It produced salmon in such abundance that it was rumored you could walk across their backs as they swam upstream to spawn. And it provided food, trade, and a cultural identity for Native American tribes for years. These tribes—now known as the Nez Perce, Umatilla, Warm Springs, and Yakama Nation— were never fully compensated for the disruption to their native ways of life, despite promises to the contrary. We have found that the Army Corps of Engineers now understands that it has the authority to begin the process of building another housing village at The Dalles Dam. It is important that we encourage and support this work, and continue to expand it through congressional action. It is the least we can do to keep faith with Native Americans, who have had their lives dramatically disrupted with that construction. Second, the report also continues an unfortunate rider, which blocks the Army Corps of Engineers from modernizing how it develops water resource projects. This has been an interest of mine since I first started serving on the Water Resources Subcommittee 20 years ago in Congress. The Corps operates on an antiquated methodology that are known as 1983 principles and guidelines for water infrastructure projects. It directs the Corps to focus on maximizing national economic development benefits when planning projects, not looking comprehensively at the benefits and the problems attained for everybody. It severely limits the Corps’ ability to select projects which minimize environmental impacts, or contribute to the national interest in ways other than a narrowly defined economic development. I worked for years with the Corps back when General Flowers was in charge, and there was great interest on the part of the Corps to be able to update the ways that they operate to incorporate modern science, engineering, and environmental awareness. Those principles and guidelines were drafted back in the Carter administration. 398 months have elapsed since they were enacted into law. In that period of time, a lot has happened with food, fashion, technology, and science. It is time for the Army Corps of Engineers to be able to base its planning and activities on the best science and the best engineering, for the needs that we have today. I sincerely hope that we can come together and recognize that it is a need to finally remove that rider. It was frustrating for me, having worked for years, to finally achieve authorization in 2007 for the principles and guidelines to be updated. Yet, the Corps, having done that job, cannot use the updated principles and guidelines because of shortsighted action on the part of Congress. I strongly urge that my friends and colleagues in Congress take a look at 
this restrictive language. Think about the opportunities available to us to allow the Corps of Engineers to do its job right based on the latest information available to us. This does not speak well of the ability of Congress to prepare for the future. It makes the job of the Army Corps of Engineers much harder, and it makes it less likely that we are going to give people the benefit that they need from the various things that the Corps constructs and plans. 
b1015 TSGT VIRGIL POE, UNITED STATES ARMY: CHARTER MEMBER OF THE GREATEST GENERATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, born in the 1920s, he grew up in the Depression of the 1930s, poor, like more most rural American children. Fresh vegetables were grown in the family garden behind the small frame house. His mother made sandwiches for school out of homemade bread. Storebought bread was for the rich. He grew up belonging to the Boy Scouts, playing the trumpet in the high school band, and he went to church on almost all Sundays. In 1944, this 18yearold country boy, who had never been more than 50 miles from home, quickly found himself going through basic training at the United States Army at Camp Wolters in Camp Wolters, Texas. After that, he rode a train with hundreds of other young teenagers—American males—to New York City for the ocean trip on a cramped Liberty ship to fight in the great World War II. While crossing the Atlantic, he witnessed another Liberty ship next to his that was sunk by a German Uboat. As a soldier in the Seventh Army, he went from France to survive the Battle of the Bulge and through the cities of Aachen, Stuttgart, Cologne, and Bonn. As a teenager, he saw the brutal concentration camps of the Nazis and saw the victims. He saw incredible numbers of other teenage Americans buried in graves throughout Europe. A solemn monument to those soldiers is at Normandy. After Germany surrendered, he was ordered back to Fort Hood, Texas. He was being reequipped for the invasion of Japan. Then Japan surrendered. It was there he met Mom at a Wednesday night prayer meeting service. My mom was a Red Cross volunteer in WWII. Until a few years ago, this GI—my dad—would never talk about World War II. He still won’t say much, but he does say frequently that the heroes are the ones who are buried today in Europe. After the war was over, he opened a DX service station, where he pumped gas, sold tires, fixed cars, and began a family. Deciding he wanted to go to college, he moved to west Texas and enrolled in a small Christian college named Abilene Christian College. He and his wife and two small children lived in an old, converted Army barracks with other such families. He supported us by working nights at the KRBC radio station and by climbing telephone poles for Ma Bell, which was later called Southwestern Bell. He finished college, became an engineer, and worked 40plus years for Southwestern Bell Telephone Company in Houston, Texas. He turned down a promotion and a transfer to New York City because it was not Texas and he didn’t want to raise his family in New York. Dad instilled in my sister and me the values of being a neighbor to everybody, of loving the USA, of loving our heritage, and of always doing the right thing to all people. He still gets mad at the media. He flies Old Glory on holidays. He goes to church on Sunday, and he takes Mom out to eat on Friday nights. He stands in the front yard and talks to his neighbors, and he can still fix anything. He can still mow his own grass even though he is 90 years of age. He has a strong opinion on politics and world events. He gives plenty of advice to everybody, including a lot of advice to me. He has two computers in his home office. He sends emails to hundreds of his buddies all over the world. Dad and Mom still live in Houston, Texas, where I grew up. So today, Mr. Speaker, as we approach Memorial Day and honor the fallen warriors of all wars, we also honor all who fought in the great World War II and who got to come home. We honor my dad, but also other American warriors. My dad was one of those individuals of the Greatest Generation. He is the best man I ever met, and he certainly is a charter member of the Greatest Generation. So I hope I turn out like him, Tech Sergeant Virgil Poe, United States Army, good man, good father. That is enough for one life. And that is just the way it is. 
TOP TEN ABUSES OF THE ‘‘SELECT INVESTIGATIVE PANEL’’ REPUBLICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 181 Democrats wrote to Speaker RYAN to ask the Republican Select Panel to Attack Women’s Health—that is what we call it—to be shut down. From the outset, this investigation has been a political weapon to punish women, doctors, and scientific researchers, not an objective, fairminded, or factbased search for the truth. Here are the top 10 reasons to shut down this partisan panel immediately: One: The select panel is a waste of taxpayer money. Republicans are wasting taxpayer dollars in their chasing of inflammatory allegations of antiabortion extremists. Three Republicanled House committees, 12 States, and one grand jury have already investigated charges that Planned Parenthood was selling fetal tissue for a profit. None found any evidence of wrongdoing. Two: The select panel is an attack on women’s rights. Republicans are using the panel as part of their campaign to deny women access to legal reproductive health services, including abortions—the panel comes at a time when Republicans have voted repeatedly to defund Planned Parenthood, which provides health services to over 3 million American women and men each year—to eliminate family planning services, and to restrict access to abortion. Three: The select panel is harming scientific research. Republicans are using the panel to intimidate scientists into stopping legal fetal tissue research on treatment for cures for diseases and conditions that afflict millions of Americans, including multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer’s, diabetes, and spinal cord injuries. Some medical research outfits have already been canceled. Four: The select panel is just partisan politics. Republicans are conducting an unfair, onesided, and partisan campaign. They refuse to put indicted video maker David Daleiden under oath, who made those highly edited tapes against Planned Parenthood, while issuing subpoenas and demanding sworn testimony from lawabiding researchers and doctors. Republicans have suppressed facts that contradict their preferred partisan narratives. For example, they refused to hear directly from tissue procurement companies while they publicly accused them of misconduct based on misleading and inaccurate staffcreated exhibits that lacked any sourcing or foundational information. Five: The select panel is a McCarthy like witch hunt: Mirroring the bullying behavior of Senator Joe McCarthy, Republicans are demanding that universities and clinics name names of their researchers, graduate students, lab technicians, clinic personnel, and doctors. When Democrat JERRY NADLER asked Chair BLACKBURN to explain why she needs to amass this database of names, she responded: No, sir. I am not going to do that. Six: The select panel threatens innocent lives. Republicans are putting researchers and doctors at risk by publicly naming them as targets of their investigation and creating a database of names. On May 11, Republicans issued a press release that publicly named a physician who had already been the 
target and the subject of violence by antiabortion extremists. That physician was never contacted to voluntarily provide information before he received a subpoena. Seven: The select panel is dangerous. Republicans are refusing to protect confidentiality despite known risks and tragedies, such as the murders of three people at the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood women’s health clinic. That murderer echoed the words of our Republican chairman of the select committee. The killer used words like ‘‘no more baby body parts.’’ Even after they promised to protect confidentiality, the committee said: We will not assure that witnesses’ names or any of the other names used in the deposition will remain private. Eight: The select panel is an abuse of power. Republicans are abusing congressional subpoena power. The overwhelming majority of their unilateral subpoenas—30 of 36—have been sent without any effort to obtain voluntary compliance. We should provide physicians, medical researchers, and others with an opportunity for them to provide information voluntarily. A subpoena should not be the first contact they have with Congress. Nine: The select panel excludes Democrats. Republicans have consistently refused to work with Democratic panel members. They have refused to discuss or to even give Democrats copies of their unilateral subpoenas until after they have been served, which is in violation of the House. Ten: The select panel bullies witnesses they don’t like. It is time, Mr. Speaker, to end this panel right now. 
THANK YOU, SENATOR BROWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Senator Dave Brown for serving in the Minnesota State Senate. Senator Brown represents an area located in Minnesota’s Sixth District, and I have enjoyed working with him on a variety of issues that are important to our constituents. Senator Brown has worked on policy solutions in the fields related to commerce, education, and finance. However, his main area of expertise has been in promoting Minnesota energy. Our district is home to the Sherco coalfired power plant, which is responsible for hundreds of jobs as well as the abundance of energy it provides. During a time when Sherco’s future was unclear and unstable, Senator Brown was a voice of reason that helped many to keep the plant open, allowing many Minnesotans to keep their jobs. Thank you, Dave, for the work you have done for our community and for Minnesota. I will miss working with you, but we wish you the best of luck in your next endeavor. THANK YOU , SENATOR PEDERSON  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Senator John Pederson for his dedicated service to the St. Cloud area residents over the past 6 years. John Pederson was born and raised in Minnesota’s Sixth Congressional District and first served on the St. Cloud City Council in 2007. After 4 years on the City Council, John ran and won his seat in the Minnesota State Senate. Throughout his time in the Minnesota legislature, Senator Pederson has shown his expertise in a variety of areas, but none more than in transportation. Like me, Senator Pederson understands that an intense focus on transportation in Minnesota’s Sixth is crucial to relieving congestion, improving safety, increasing mobility, and fostering economic development in our State. John, thank you for your time in serving the people of our great State. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Senator Julianne Ortman for her years of dedicated service in the Minnesota Senate. Following her time in practicing law and as a county commissioner, Julianne Ortman was first elected to the Minnesota Senate in 2002. Her talent quickly became apparent as she rose to various leadership positions. Senator Ortman served as an assistant minority leader during the 2007– 2008 legislative session. During the 2011–2012 session, she served as deputy majority leader and as chairwoman of the Senate Tax Committee. Of the many issues Senator Ortman championed, taxes, transportation, judiciary, and public safety were among her highest priorities. During her time as chairwoman of the Senate Tax Committee, the State government had a $5 billion deficit, which it eventually managed to eliminate without raising taxes on hardworking Minnesotans, evidence of Senator Ortman’s strong leadership. Thank you, Julianne, for your service and for all that you have done for Minnesota. Thank you for your leadership. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Senator Alice Johnson for her dedication and service to the people of Minnesota. Alice Johnson began her career as a public servant in the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1986. She served for 14 years before taking a brief break from the Minnesota legislature. Alice again ran for office in 2012 and has served in the Minnesota Senate for the past 4 years, where she has served as vice chair for both the Education Finance and Policy Committees. After an incredible 18 years in public service, Senator JOHNSON deserves her well earned retirement. Thank you, Alice, for the time you have spent in working tirelessly on behalf of Minnesotans and in working to end the gridlock in politics. It is greatly appreciated. THANK YOU , REPRESENTATIVE SANDERS  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank my friend, Representative Tim Sanders, for the incredible work that he has done while serving in the Minnesota House of Representatives. Representative Sanders has served in the legislature for four terms, during which he has held various leadership positions. In the 2014 election, he was nominated to the position of assistant majority leader and has also served as chair of the Government Operations and Elections Committee. I got to know Tim personally during my own time in the State legislature and have an enormous amount of respect for him. He has been a successful and passionate legislator, proven by the fact that a substantial number of his bills have actually been signed into law. Thank you, Tim, for your service to our community and to our State. I know that you will continue to accomplish great things. I wish you nothing but happiness as you spend more time with Farrah and the kids. 
b1030 TAMMY LAMBERT’S STORY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, West Virginians are struggling right now. Our State’s unemployment rate is one of the highest in the Nation. Our coal mines are closing, and so are our schools and momandpop businesses throughout our State. There is a lot of uncertainty. Families are wondering how they will make ends meet without our coal jobs. Tammy Lambert is from Raleigh County, and her family is one of those who are worried about her family’s future. Her soninlaw is considering moving out of the State just to find work; her daughter doesn’t know if she will have the money to finish college; and her husband’s mine has gone through periods of being idled. She is a West Virginia coal voice. Here is what she said: ‘‘My daughter has worked hard to get this far and was just beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Now, she may not be able to ever get that degree. ‘‘It is a shame when young people who try can’t get ahead. It is even sadder when a man who has worked as a coal miner for 36 years can’t feel secure in his job.’’ What our families need is not just hope; they need jobs that give them a good paycheck. We can make that happen in several ways. We can diversify our State’s 
economy to attract new employers. We can expand retraining programs to help prepare the workforce. But most of all, we can get Washington off the backs of our miners. Let West Virginia miners get back to work, put food on their tables, and mine the coal that has powered our Nation. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. JOLLY ) at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Joshua Beckley, Ecclesia Christian Fellowship, San Bernardino, California, offered the following prayer: Our Father and our God, we pray for this session of Congress, in light of all that is going on in our world and the threats that face us as a Nation, that You would give clarity and thought and discernment as they follow their agenda today. I pray that You would endow them with wisdom and knowledge, with empathy, and compassion to determine the best course of action that would affect the greatest good for all who would be affected by their decisions today. I pray that they would be mindful of our Pledge of Allegiance that declares that we are one nation under God and that You are the ultimate leader of this Nation. The Scriptures remind us that righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people. Bless this 114th session of the House of Representatives. In the mighty Name of Jesus, we pray. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND JOSHUA BECKLEY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Pastor Joshua Beckley of the Ecclesia Christian Fellowship in San Bernardino, California, who just graced us with the opening prayer. Pastor Beckley has served as senior pastor at Ecclesia for the past 25 years and has presided over a congregation of 4,000 Inland Empire residents. In addition to helping Ecclesia grow and flourish, Pastor Beckley cofounded the Inland Empire Concerned African American Churches, received numerous accolades for his ministry and service to our region, and today serves as the chair of the Community Action Partnership of San Bernardino County, which is a local organization that seeks to empower and lift lowincome families throughout San Bernardino County. In the aftermath of the horrific tragedy at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino last December, Pastor Beckley was a resounding voice of comfort and an unwavering leader for thousands in our darkest hours. He provided solace to the families of the victims, compassion to their coworkers, and strength to the community as we recovered. His leadership was and continues to be an integral part of our efforts to heal and rebuild. We are so grateful for his dedication to the thousands of Inland Empire families who look to him for guidance, and we thank him for his continued service to the region. He is joined by his wife, Lynda, and his sister, Tammie Watson. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, my district is home to many ecological wonders, from the mighty Adirondacks to the Saint Lawrence River. The environment is truly our lifeblood in the North Country. Sadly, invasive species threaten the health and beauty of these natural ecosystems. Given our unique position as both the gateway to the Great Lakes and as the center of international shipping trade, our State has the unfortunate distinction of being a principal point of entry for many invasive species. Today I am introducing two pieces of bipartisan legislation to help combat and raise awareness about the threat that invasive species pose to our ecosystems. Nationwide, an estimated 50,000 nonnative invasive animal and plant species have been introduced, resulting in more than $100 billion in economic losses annually. Every State and U.S. territory has at least some form of invasive species. Therefore, I hope my colleagues will cosponsor these vital bills so we may prevent the spread and introduction of these harmful invasive species. f 
ROSWELL PARK CANCER INSTITUTE AWARDED NEW RESEARCH GRANTS (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today Buffalo’s Roswell Park Cancer Institute was awarded $33 million in new research grants from the National Institutes of Health. This funding will support research to develop new therapies for prostate cancer, for head and neck cancer, and to advance the great promise of immunotherapy, which is research to unleash the cancerkilling potential from the body’s own immune system. Under the leadership of Dr. Candace Johnson, Roswell Park scientists are providing hope and the potential for healing to millions here and throughout the world. In Buffalo, the Roswell Park Cancer Institute is helping to fuel an economic renaissance that has captured the attention of the Nation. Nationally, the National Institutes of Health’s funding supports over 400,000 goodpaying American jobs. Congress needs to fully fund cancer research for the National Institutes of Health because, on this issue, if American leadership is not there, there is no leadership. 
REMEMBERING WHEELOCK WHITNEY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember Wheelock Whitney, a Minnesota legend, civic leader, and a friend. Last week Minnesota was saddened to learn that Wheelock Whitney had passed away. Wheelock was a successful businessman who gave so much back to our State. He was an impactful leader, principled, generous, and compassionate. When he retired, he passed his knowledge on to future generations by teaching at the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota. Wheelock’s civic leadership included playing a large role in local sports 
franchises, like the Twins, the Vikings, and the North Stars. He also helped save and improve lives in his founding of the Johnson Institute in 1966, one of the Nation’s very first drug and alcohol abuse treatment centers. Mr. Speaker, it is really hard to put into words the respect that Minnesotans have for Wheelock Whitney and his stature as a leader. He simply was one of a kind and was somebody who made Minnesota a better place. We will miss him. 
FOSTER YOUTH SHADOW DAY (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today is Foster Youth Shadow Day. It is a day that gives Members of Congress a chance to spend time with young adults from our districts who have grown up in the foster care system. I always enjoy this day because it gives me a chance to understand the experience of foster youth and to talk about policies that would help support those children and young adults in that system. I have learned a lot today from Justin and Jameshia, who are here with me. They are two young adults with whom I am spending time. Both have spent years in the foster care system and have grown to be really remarkable young adults. Justin is studying international relations at Michigan State University, and Jameshia just graduated from the University of MichiganFlint, one of my alma maters, with a degree in social work. Along with their interest in school, they both have dedicated themselves to bettering the lives of other children in Michigan and around the world. Their commitment to raise up kids in my hometown and their hometown of Flint is really inspiring. I am just happy that I am able to get to know them better and to see the passion that they bring to their communities. That passion will take them far. It is important that we hear from people like Justin and Jameshia in order to shape the policies that we make right here in this Congress. I am just glad I could hear what they had to say, and I am glad they could be with us today. I am honored to spend part of Foster Youth Shadow Day with them. 
KOSKINEN AVOIDS ACCOUNTABILITY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, yesterday Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen refused to testify before the House Judiciary Committee to answer allegations that he failed to comply with a congressional subpoena, which resulted in the destruction of key evidence, that he provided false statements during his sworn testimony, and that he did not notify Congress that the disgraced Lois Lerner’s emails were strangely missing. Sadly, this is not what Americans deserve from the professionals of the IRS. The IRS should be accountable to answer questions about the corruption of its duties. This comes at a time when Congress and the American people have real concerns about bias by the IRS’ targeting of conservative organizations and by cybersecurity vulnerabilities. I am grateful for House Judiciary Committee Chairman BOBGOODLATTE ’s and House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman JASON  CHAFFETZ ’ advocacy in their standing up for American taxpayers. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. VARGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep concerns about the danger the Zika virus continues to represent to expectant mothers all around the world. As a Member of Congress who represents the whole CaliforniaMexico border, I strongly urge my colleagues to provide adequate resources to avoid potentially tragic consequences for families and communities like mine. More than 275 pregnant women are confirmed Zika cases in America, including 10 in California, and the number only continues to grow. I believe we have a unique opportunity to work in a bipartisan and bicameral manner in order to prevent, detect, and respond to the spread of the Zika virus. This means fully funding the President’s $1.9 billion request for emergency spending on the development of vaccines and diagnostic testing and on vector controls to manage the mosquito population. The American people deserve a Congress that will respond to this urgent crisis with smart action. 
RECOGNIZING THE MICHAELANN RUSSELL JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the MichaelAnn Russell Jewish Community Center as it holds its PromNight TributeDinner on Thursday, June 2. During this joyous celebration, leaders of the MichaelAnn Russell JCC will be recognized for their contributions to improving the lives of the Jewish community in south Florida. The honorees are: Gary Bomzer, who serves as the president and CEO of this wonderful organization; Paul Kruss, who serves as the chair of the board of directors; and Ariel Bentata and Jeffrey Scheck, who were past chairs. Founded in 1987, the MichaelAnn Russell JCC has been committed to not only strengthening Jewish values in south Florida, but it has also dedicated time and resources to educating our future leaders and fostering a strong relationship with our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. I am thankful to witness the growth of the Jewish American community in our area as its members continue to strive for a better and more prosperous tomorrow. Mazel tov to the MichaelAnn Russell Jewish Community Center on a job well done. f 
WEAR SOMETHING RED WEDNESDAY TO BRING BACK OUR GIRLS (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today is Wear Something Red Wednesday to bring back our girls. My heart is overflowing with joy. I am very happy to report that one of the Chibok schoolgirls who had been abducted by the Nigerian terrorist group Boko Haram has been found. She was found last week by a vigilante group in the Sambisa Forest, close to the border of Cameroon. The young girl has been reunited with her family after having spent 2 years in captivity, an experience that will haunt her for the rest of her life. Sadly, according to several media accounts, the young girl reported that six of the 219 have died since being held by Boko Haram and that the rest are alive and are being held in the forest. Last week we celebrated the return of this precious young girl, but we cannot stop working until the 212 who are still being held hostage are safely returned to their families, away from these evil, Islamic insurgents. Mr. Speaker, time is of the essence, and the governments of the Multinational Joint Task Force, alongside our government, must fight as hard as possible to find these girls. We cannot stop until we find them all. I urge my colleagues to join me today in wearing red on Wednesday until Boko Haram is defeated and all of the kidnapped girls have rejoined their families. Please continue to wear something red on Wednesday. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #BringBackOurGirls and to tweet, tweet, tweet #JoinRepWilson. 
CONGRATULATING SLCC BASKETBALL (Mrs. LOVE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the outstanding achievement of the Salt Lake Community College men’s basketball team, this year’s National Junior College Men’s Basketball champions. These 12 extraordinary student athletes, with the unwavering support of their four dedicated coaches, dominated the 2016 NJCAA Men’s Basketball tournament, beating their opponents by an average of 18.8 points over five games in 6 days. Conner Toolson was named the tournament’s Most Valuable Player. Head coach Todd Phillips was named Coach of the Tournament. These young men, who hail not only from Utah, but from as far away as Australia, exhibited more than just exceptional athleticism and skill. They were singled out for their good sportsmanship and kindness off court. Tad Dufelmeier was honored with the tournament’s Sportsmanship Award. I congratulate the team on their championship win and for representing their school, their community, and the State in such an exceptional way. Go Bruins. 
b1215 HONORING EDUCATOR JOYCE TOAN (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Joyce Toan, who has taught the children of Joseph Sears School as a kindergarten teacher for nearly two decades. First arriving at Sears in 1997, Mrs. Toan has positively shaped the lives of hundreds of students. Personally, she has had an undeniably positive impact on my family, teaching my three children, Harper, Bobby, and Honor. Each is better off because of her guidance and teaching. Our family and community will be forever indebted to her for the kindness she has shown all of our children. Mrs. Toan always went out of her way to recognize what makes each of her students unique. She taught her students not what to think, but how to think, a skill that will be useful for the rest of their lives. Despite her career at Sears coming to an end, the lessons and memories that she has imparted upon Harper, Bobby, Honor, and all of her students will last a lifetime. Mr. Speaker, I offer my personal thanks to Mrs. Toan for all that she has done and wish her well in her retirement. She will be deeply missed. 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, in contrast to the religious persecutions in Europe between the 16th and 19th centuries, America increasingly became a safe space for people to exercise their faith in accordance with their conscience. Religious freedom was woven into the fabric and constitution of our country from the beginning, and faith has played a big role in forming the character of our Nation. From efforts to abolish slavery, secure civil rights, and protect human life, to providing health care, food, shelter, and hope to countless millions, religious organizations have been indispensable to the progress we have made. Indeed, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 recognized the extraordinary contributions of religious organizations when it preserved their right to hire individuals who shared their beliefs. Today we see clouds encroaching upon the sunshine of religious freedom and the freedom of conscience. These attempts to crush conscience must be resisted. It is conscience that convicts us of our own shortcomings, and it is that conviction that allows us to correct course and to seek what is good, beautiful, and true. That is why protecting religious freedom is vital. Mr. Speaker, let us together join forces against the growing intolerance that threatens it. f 
STOP GIVING GUANTANAMO PRISONERS EXPENSIVE SPECIAL TREATMENT (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I had 43 students and chaperones from Washburn High School in east Tennessee as my guests at the Capitol. Among other things, I told them I was next going to a hearing about the prison in Guantanamo and that one group had estimated it was now costing us over $4 million per prisoner to keep that prison open. One of the students said, ‘‘How can I get in?’’ There are now only 80 prisoners there, and we spent $445 million to run the facility in 2015. The Washington Times reported in 2013 that we were giving these prisoners classes on computers, horticulture, art, and calligraphy as well as library services, special food, and recreational facilities. We sometimes hear of country club prisons. Apparently, this should be called a resort prison. I know the Federal Government cannot do anything in a fiscally conservative way, but spending $4 million per prisoner in Guantanamo is ridiculous. It costs an average of $34,000 per year per prisoner in most Federal prisons and $78,000 per year in the supermax prison. Mr. Speaker, we should stop giving these terrorists such ridiculously expensive special treatment and send all 80 to the worst, most dangerous prison in the U.S. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE TED S. YOHO, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable TEDS. YOHO, Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 25, 2016. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena, issued by the Circuit Court in and for Dixie County, Florida, Criminal Division, for testimony in a criminal case. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is not consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, TEDS. Y OHO, Member of Congress. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5233, CLARIFYING CONGRESSIONAL INTENT IN PROVIDING FOR DC HOME RULE ACT OF 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 27, 2016, THROUGH JUNE 6, 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 744 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 744 provides for the consideration of S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and H.R. 5233, Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. The rule provides 1 hour of debate, equally divided amongst the majority and minority members of the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Natural Resources for S. 2012. As S. 2012, as amended, is a comprehensive compilation of energy legislation that has already passed the House, the Committee on Rules made no further amendments in order. However, the rule affords the minority the customary motion to recommit, a final opportunity to amend the legislation should the minority choose to exercise that option. The rule further provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the majority and minority of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on H.R. 5233. No amendments were made in order as the bill is a targeted response to what Members of the House have perceived as an unlawful action taken by the District of Columbia in contravention of the Federal Home Rule Act. The minority is, however, afforded the customary motion to recommit, a final chance to amend the legislation. Finally, the rule contains the standard tools to allow the orderly management of the floor of the House of Representatives during an upcoming district work period. The House amendment to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, builds on the work of the House. The House has done this work over the past year and a half to update the Nation’s energy laws and move the country forward on energy policy. The bills included in this package include work from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Agriculture Committee, Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. While many House committees have had input on this package, Members can feel comfortable that a wide array of opinions and positions are represented in the legislation. This is how the House works its will most effectively, by combining various pieces of legislation into one package. In amending S. 2012, the Senate passed energy legislation. Following passage of S. 2012 in the House, both bodies will be able to begin to conference the differences in the two bills, a further step in the regular order of this bill becoming a law. The legislation will benefit Americans across the country: modernizing our energy infrastructure; expediting and improving forest management; providing for greater opportunities on Federal lands for hunting, fishing, and shooting; and prioritizing science research using Federal taxpayer dollars. S. 2012, as amended, includes various pieces of legislation considered and passed by the House not only in the current 114th Congress, but it also includes many pieces of bipartisan legislation from the 112th and 113th Congresses. A major win for the American people in this package is the provisions allowing for expanded access by sportsmen, fishermen, and recreational shooters to Federal lands, lands that should have always been accessible to all Americans for various legal and constitutional activities. Further, the legislation before us focuses on protecting American interests in a world where uncertainty due to terrorism and unfriendly and unstable regimes in the Middle East threaten American access to reliable sources of energy. We have long believed that America should focus less on relying on foreign energy sources, given the abundance of resources below our very feet across this Nation. Only if Federal policies are aligned with this view, which the House will do with this package, can our country fully focus on becoming energy secure. The second piece of legislation contained in today’s rule addresses the House concerns with recent actions taken by the District of Columbia’s Mayor and City Council. H.R. 5233, Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016, repeals the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, a referendum passed in the District of Columbia, which many believe violates both the U.S. Constitution and the Federal Home Rule Act. When the Founding Fathers crafted our Constitution, they acknowledged the special status that the Nation’s Capital held and created a special relationship between it and the Federal Government not enjoyed by other States and other localities. While some argue that the District of Columbia should be entirely selfgoverned, that is not how our Constitution treats the Federal city. Article I, section 8, clause 17 states that the Congress of the United States shall have the power—I am quoting from the Constitution here—‘‘to exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dockYards and other needful Buildings.’’ b1230 The District of Columbia, falling squarely within the parameters of this clause, is, therefore, subject to Congress’ exclusive exercise over its laws. I have no doubt that a strong debate will surround the consideration of H.R. 5233, as we heard in the Committee on Rules last night, but Congress would be relinquishing its duty under the United States Constitution to oversee the governance of the Nation’s Capital. Today’s rule will allow the House to complete the final two pieces of legislation for the month of May, a month where the House of Representatives has passed legislation to provide funding for our military bases, funding for our veterans, funding for energy and water policies; to provide new authorities and funding to combat the growing threat of the Zika virus; to update our Nation’s chemical laws; to provide help to those in this country facing opioid addictions; and to provide tools to our Nation’s armed services necessary to keep our citizens safe from the growing threat of terrorism. It has been one of the most productive months of the year for the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the rule which joins two disparate 
issues. The first, District of Columbia budget autonomy. The second, pursuing an energy bill that prioritizes an outdated energy policy. First, D.C. budget autonomy. Mr. Speaker, Congress sits in the District of Columbia, and our presence looms far beyond the footprint of the buildings. Congress has mandated that the government of the District of Columbia pass every budget plan—every spending plan down to the penny of their own money that they raise—through Congress. But in 2012, the District of Columbia exerted its own authority and passed the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012 and essentially said: We will allocate our own local funds ourselves unless Congress overrides our plan, and we will only ask permission beforehand when we spend money that comes from the Federal Treasury. The bill before us, H.R. 5233, would repeal the District’s local law, keep the District of Columbia from spending its own money on local services, and prohibit the District from granting itself budget autonomy in the future. For far too long, the residents of the District have paid their fair share of taxes and have not had full representation in Congress. The District sends young people off to war, but doesn’t have an equal voice in either going to war or how the country is governed. In fact, it reminds me a lot of a plantation. Subjecting the District to the lengthy and uncertain congressional appropriations process for its own use of their local tax collection imposes operational and financial hardships for the District, burdens not borne by any other local government in the country. In addition to that, it is more expensive to them. It defies reason that the House majority would continue this overreach, and I urge each considerate Republican to rethink their position. In fact, there are some key Republicans who do support the District’s budget autonomy. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee’s last four chairmen—including Republicans Tom Davis and DARRELL ISSA—worked to give D.C. budget autonomy. I urge my Republican colleagues to follow suit. Second, the rule would allow the House to replace the text of the Senate’s bipartisan energy reform legislation with the House’s partisan energy bill. Time and again, we have seen the Senate come to a reasonable, bipartisan compromise, but the House chases a partisan agenda and derails the legislative process every time. The House proposal encourages an outdated energy policy that favors fossil fuels above the clean and renewable energy sources, and it seeks to roll back important environmental protections. The majority’s insistence on negating environmental protections and doubling down on their attacks on environmental laws is a troubling waste of time. Nevertheless, Democrats will fight to protect the environment and precious natural resources. The bill locks in fossil fuel consumption for years to come by repealing current law aimed at reducing the government’s carbon footprint. It also puts up barriers to the integration of clean, renewable energy technologies, all while rolling back the energy efficiency standards. In the past, efficiency standards were an area of bipartisan compromise. Not anymore. Americans cannot afford the Republican majority’s headinthesand approach to climate change and energy consumption. In fact, I understand that the presumed Presidential candidate of the Republican Party had applied to build a wall on one of his foreign golf courses, blaming climate change for the erosion. So if he believes it in a foreign country, I certainly hope he will think about believing it here. I urge my colleagues to work toward an alloftheabove strategy that will modernize our Nation’s energy infrastructure in a way that addresses climate change, promotes clean energy, drives innovation, and ensures a cleaner, more stable environment for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. I would remind the House that this energy legislation has worked its way through the House for the last 18 months; and, indeed, the two previous Congresses, multiple committees have had input on this. It has been one of the most thoroughly vetted pieces of legislation. I cannot tell you the number of hearings, the number of markups that I have sat through in the Committee on Energy and Commerce. It has had similar treatment over in the Senate. The concept of getting this bill through the House, going to conference with the Senate, this is a good product and is worthy of the support of this body. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ), a hardworking Member who represents 700,000 people who have no say because this body decides everything that they do. As I pointed out before, they pay their taxes and they send their children off to war, but she cannot vote in this House in any way to affect anything. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank my good friend from New York State for the way she has always understood and championed with respect to the District of Columbia, which also happens to be the capital of the United States. But, as she said, it is more than the Capitol and this building. It is where almost 700,000 Americans live. Mr. Speaker, I must strongly oppose that portion of the bill providing for consideration of H.R. 5233. Understand the spectacle we have ongoing here. A strong Republican House is actively sponsoring a bill that repeals a local law, a local law that in this case authorizes the District of Columbia government to spend its own local funds without congressional approval. Who do the Republicans think they are, that the people I represent should ask for their approval to spend, and to process funds that they had nothing to do with raising? Understand, no Federal funds are involved, not one penny, but those pennies, over $7 billion—and I want people who come to the floor to tell me if their State raises $7 billion on its own. Over $7 billion. These are our pennies. Not a cent of Federal money is even implicated. Let’s go back to Republican principles to understand what is happening on this floor today because it is going to happen twice. My Republican friends propose in this rule—these are the same friends who despise the Federal reach, despise it so much that every year they try to give back what have long been Federal matters to the States, like the Department of Education. Need I go through the laundry list? The one thing they stand for in this Congress and have stood for throughout human time is that they prefer that power over the people be exercised at the State and local level. That is what they stand for. There are not many things that you can say a particular party stands for. Local control is certainly their cardinal principle. But look what they are doing this afternoon. They are doubling down. That is not just a matter of emphasis. That means double bills. They are doubling down to use the awesome power of the Federal Government against a local district. If you will excuse me, I regard that as very unRepublican. We are talking about two provisions—not just the rule before us—that use identical language, as if to say, you know, we really mean it, District of Columbia, because we are going to do it twice. We want to be doubly sure that we keep this local district from enforcing its own local budget. So what is the point of this bill if they are doing it twice? This bill is a pretense. It is solely designed to lay the predicate for another action that has occurred this very morning in the Committee on Appropriations. How coincidental. I sat through a Committee on Appropriations markup where a rider, using the very same language that is proposed through this rule, and that rider was indeed passed by the House appropriations subcommittee. Heavens. I wonder if in the history of the House of Representatives we have ever had this Congress or the Congress of the United States to be so threatened by what a local jurisdiction would do that it proposes not one bill, but two, to keep that local jurisdiction 
from proceeding. We are not seceding from the United States. We are simply trying to spend our own money. So here we have a bill twice over because the—appropriations bill contains the same language, understand, despite another of their rules that prohibits legislating on an appropriations bill. The Republican leadership included the text of H.R. 5233 in the appropriations bill for what appears to be a very good reason. They recognize that that is the only chance they have of enacting the text of the rule before you, and that is to do so in an appropriations bill. So they are doing it twice for good measure, but the only way it is going to pass is attaching it to some mustpass bill. The Senate—and I say this on this floor—does not have the votes to pass H.R. 5233 itself. And even if it did, the President of the United States, who has long supported budget autonomy, put it in his own budgets, has said he would veto it. The Executive Statement of Administration Policy that came out yesterday indicated so. This may be news to some Members of this body, but I am the only Member of Congress who was elected by the almost 700,000 American citizens who live in the District of Columbia, and my constituents are the only American citizens who are affected by this bill. You might be able to understand the anger of my constituents if you knew these numbers. The people I represent pay more taxes than 22 States pay. Or you want another one that would make you understand the anger of my constituents? They are number one per capita in the Federal taxes paid to support their homeland, highest taxes per capita in the United States. And yet this very day, twice—first with respect to this rule, then with respect to the bill— every single Member of Congress will get a vote on this bill solely concerning the District of Columbia except the Member of Congress who represents the District of Columbia and is elected to represent them. b1245 If you have never felt like a despot before, I hope that side of the aisle understands how it feels and what it looks like. The Republican leadership has claimed that it is committed to letting the House work its will on legislation. However, yesterday, the Rules Committee, on a partyline vote, prevented me from offering my amendment to this bill to the House floor. What are you afraid of, if my amendment comes to the House floor that says, ‘‘Congress, you do it; you grant D.C. budget autonomy’’? Are you afraid you can’t do it? Sure you can do it. Or, at least let us do it. Give D.C. some respect. My amendment was the only chance for D.C. residents to have a say on the bill during floor consideration. So even though you could have, obviously, and would have defeated my amendment to say, ‘‘You do it, you grant us budget autonomy,’’ what in the world kept you from allowing us the respect of bringing that amendment to counter what you are doing today, particularly knowing that we can’t counter what you are doing today? My amendment, of course, would have called the question on whether Members support or oppose local control of local jurisdictions over their own budget. Do Members oppose budget autonomy because the District initiated it? Or do they actually want to toss their own local control principles out of the Capitol window through a vote requiring Federal approval of local funds? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 3 minutes. Ms. NORTON. My amendment would have made the text of D.C.’s Local Budget Autonomy Act Federal law. It would have simply said, look, if you don’t like what the District did, you do it. We would have lost. But you would at least have given to us the respect that we are entitled to as American citizens—afraid even to do that. The Local Budget Autonomy Act is already law. The District government has begun to implement it, and I applaud them for doing so. When you are up against a despotic House of Representatives, the only way to proceed in a democracy is to move on your own, or else they will say: See, we waited them out and there is nothing they can do. There is only one of them against all of us. Only one court opinion has, in fact, upheld the Budget Autonomy Act, though the good Member on the other side implied that this was a lawless act. Well, let me tell you what the court said, without going through all of it: 
Forthwith, enforce all provisions of the Local Budget Autonomy Act of 2012. 
That is the law. Who is being lawless, who is being unprincipled is any majority that would want to be involved with the local funds of any American jurisdiction. When Members cast their vote today on the bill, they will be voting on a bill to require Congress to approve a local budget. How unRepublican. And worse, undemocratic. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the Founders recognized that, within the District of Columbia, this was a unique entity. But Congress, in its benevolence, granted the District of Columbia limited autonomy in the Home Rule Act of 1973. That autonomy did not extend as far as what the current Mayor and city council envisioned it to. The Home Rule Act maintained the role of the Federal Government in the District’s budget process; and, indeed, the Federal Government has had to step in as late as the 1990s because the District had so mismanaged its finances. Then, the District of Columbia Financial Control Board had to be instituted in order to correct the many financial disasters that the District of Columbia government had created for itself. Congress gave the board the power to override the D.C. government where it saw fit. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, where this bill originated. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his eloquent words. As we look at this particular bill, there is a lot that has been said about what home rule is and what it is not. There is a lot that has been said about what the law is and what it is not, and yet it is undeniable that the Constitution actually reserved for this esteemed body the power to legislate over all affairs within the District, going back to Article I, section 8 of our Constitution. And yet in 1973, Mr. Speaker, this body took on a law, debated it in both the House and the Senate, to actually take some of those authorities granted by the Constitution and allow the District to actually put forth laws with regard to local issues. Now, specifically reserved in that 1973 law was the whole issue of the budget and appropriations. As we started to look at this particular function— my good friend, the Delegate from the District, obviously has talked very seriously about the law. Well, the law was very clear in 1973 on what we passed. Actually, Charles Diggs—Chairman Diggs—had what they called the Diggs Compromise that specifically was spelled out in a dear colleague letter on the fact that budgetary control would remain with this body and, indeed, with the appropriators. Yet somehow we see a decision by a superior court as having the effect of law? Well, we know from our civics class that it is this body that is putting forth Federal law. It cannot be a local jurisdiction that comes in and usurps the power of the Federal law with its local mandates. So, Mr. Speaker, while my good friend and I will disagree perhaps on a number of issues, what we should agree on is the fact that the Constitution reserved this right for Congress. The Constitution and, indeed, those relegated and delegated powers in 1973 were specific in keeping the appropriations and budgetary process within this body. To ignore that would be, honestly, ignoring the debate that happened then, debate that happens now, and sworn testimony in hearings that, indeed, those who crafted this particular law are all in agreement that this was the intent of Congress. So, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to not only support this, but reaffirm the role that Congress has and make sure that we keep it within this body. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from New York has 13 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 18
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. My good friend Mr. MEADOWS speaks as if he didn’t speak up for the Congress of the United States with its awesome power, then Congress would be stripped of its power by the District of Columbia—please. If there is any concern here about this bill, the one thing my good friend should not do is to base it on what lawyers say. The latest and most definitive, on what lawyers say is a court of law. I want to indicate what happened, because the matter was first in the Federal district court, then appealed to the Federal court of appeals. The Federal court of appeals heard oral argument and received briefs. It looked at this—and we don’t know why—but they sent it to a local D.C. court. That court heard at every single argument Mr. MEADOWS has raised and found for the District of Columbia. And that is the definitive word on the law, unless what he is saying is: Je suis the law, or, I am the law. Well, maybe you are, but you are the kind of law that led the Framers to rebel against England. No respect for local law. You speak of the Diggs Compromise. What you didn’t say is that some compromise had to be reached because the Senate, in its home rule bill, gave the district control over its local budget. So what we say, what our lawyers say, is that compromise did leave some room in the charter—which does not specifically say that budget autonomy is denied to the District; and they could have said it, but they didn’t—and the compromise was to leave some room at such point as it became relevant to step up and claim the right to process and enforce their own local budget. My good friend managing the bill on that side dares reach back to the 1990s. Yes, the District got into trouble. My congratulations to the District of Columbia as the only city which, for 200 years, carried State functions. And yes, in the 1990s, it became too much; and yes, the city had a serious financial crisis. So if you want to go back two decades, also come forward, because at this time, the District has perhaps the strongest economy in the United States of America. How many of you have surpluses? How many of you have anything to brag about in terms of the economy of your district? Have you looked at what is happening in the District of Columbia? You can see the building going on. You can see the increase in our population. So yes, we have had hard times, and I am sure you have, but I am sure that there was a whole lot less reason for your hard times than for ours. I am asking you to think about your own principles of local control and try to justify taking local control from the District, but particularly to justify taking local control over our own money. That is what the Framers went to war about. Somebody somewhere was trying to tell them about taxes having to do with their own local funds. I don’t know if that spirit still lives on that side of the aisle, but it still lives in the District of Columbia. This is our money. We are going to keep going at it until you have nothing to say about funds raised in a jurisdiction not your own. My constituents cannot hold you accountable because they cannot vote for you. Well, sir, they have voted for me; and what I say today represents what they believe and what they will never give up, and that is the right to control their own local laws and, and above all, their own local funds raised from their own local taxpayers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. b1300 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ). Mr. MEADOWS. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, indeed, the delegate opposite is my friend. She serves her constituency well. Her impassioned plea on behalf of her constituents is not only recognized this day, but each and every day in this body. This particular debate is not over what is believed to be right or wrong. It is over the rule of law. Indeed, the argument was made by the gentleman from Georgia yesterday that this is a matter of law, not on the merits of what is right or what is wrong from a standpoint of budget autonomy. But I would also refer, Mr. Speaker, to the argument that would suggest that everything is great here in Washington, D.C., in terms of the budget. If that indeed is the case that is being argued here today, you can’t have it both ways, because the status quo today has been one that truly has the authority rested and vested here in this esteemed body. So to suggest that things are less than perfect, I am not here to do that. But if indeed everything is turning up roses today, it is the status quo that has indeed preserved that. So I would suggest that, as we start to look at this, it is a fundamental question: Are we going to uphold the rule of law? The rule of law here is very clear. In fact, the debates back in 1973 talked about that all we wanted was some of the local control over our local government. And as that debate went on, there was indeed, as my good friend mentioned, in the Senate the desire to give budget autonomy to the district. Yet, as we know from our civics class, it takes both the Senate and the House and the President to sign it into law. I would say that we need to continue to support the rule of law. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up two desperately needed pieces of legislation. The first would shed light on secret money in politics by requiring groups to disclose the source of the contributions they are using to fund their campaignrelated activities. The second would provide $600 million in funding to combat the growing opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a personal privilege and rise today with a really sad heart and take a moment to mark what is the end of an era for the Rules Committee family. This is Miles Lackey’s last week as the staff director for the committee’s minority, and we are sad about it indeed. The Rules Committee is a family, and the loss is personal. The Rules Committee, in my opinion, has the highest regarded staff of anybody that is on the Hill. In both the House and Senate, Miles has proved to be the gold standard for any staff wishing to make a contribution to the Congress. He has been a mentor and a colleague to anyone who asked for it. His counsel will be missed not just for the four of us on the Democratic side of the Rules Committee, but I think both staff members and all other Members alike on both sides of the aisle. Miles is a graduate of the University of North Carolina and of Yale Divinity School, and he brings a grounded, holistic vision of his work as a staff member, and the example has been a guiding force. He has the patience of Job and takes every dramatic turn of events in stride. From government shutdowns to national emergencies, Miles has always known exactly what to do. As the staff director of the Rules Committee or as Senator Dodd’s chief of staff in the Senate, he made incredible contributions to legislation that has passed out of Congress during his tenure in both Chambers. From DoddFrank to the Affordable Care Act, it is clear that he dedicated his career to benefiting the American people with skill, intellect, and patience. There is always one more story to tell, one more hug to linger over, but 
there sure is no good way to say goodbye to a trusted and cherished adviser, a colleague, and a friend. There is only the deep gratitude that we feel and the legacy of the excellence that Miles leaves. Thank you, dear friend, for everything. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ). Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, when you serve on the Rules Committee, you spend a lot of time dealing in acrimony at least here on the floor. When you serve on the Rules Committee and your job is to get the business of the House accomplished, when we are not on the House floor, it isn’t acrimony. It may be impassioned. It may be, at times, divisive. But it is all focused on a single goal, and that is making sure that this institution fulfills not just the expectations of our constituents back home, but the expectations of our framers who established it to begin with. Members of Congress come and go, Mr. Speaker, and, inevitably, what makes a Member of Congress successful is being surrounded by a team of excellence, a team of excellence back home in terms of bosses and constituents and a team of excellence here in Washington to help make sure that all the i’s are dotted and all the t’s are crossed and that the big things get done. When Miles Lackey leaves this institution, Mr. Speaker, it is going to be harder to get the big things done. It is going to be harder because the biggest commodity we have in this town is not a Member pin, is not a Member representational allowance, is not how much mail goes out the door. The most precious commodity in this town is trust, and not everybody has it. Sadly, not everybody wants it. But to do anything that is worth doing in this town, it has to be built on a foundation of trust. If you don’t have people like Miles Lackey on the other side of the aisle— I sit on this side of the aisle. He is physically sitting on that side of the aisle today not just emotionally, not just intellectually, but physically. If you don’t have folks that you can trust, you can’t begin the conversations about how to make things happen. There is no committee that brings more measures to the floor than the Rules Committee. That doesn’t happen by accident. It happens intentionally. It happens with good folks like Miles Lackey. There is no committee that has to deal with more contentious issues than the Rules Committee. The committees of jurisdiction have dealt with as many as they can. The hardest ones, the worst ones, end up on the Rules Committee’s plate. We don’t deal with those issues successfully without the trust built by folks like Miles Lackey. Mr. Speaker, we can read the resolution that the Rules Committee put out for Miles, but it is only a page long. Truthfully, it doesn’t do justice. When you lose folks who have built that trust, it takes years to find folks to rebuild it. I want you to look at the folks who come to speak on Miles’ behalf today, Mr. Speaker. I want you to look at the folks who sit in Miles’ chain of command. He is certainly not leaving the ranking member high and dry. He has trained a tremendous team of folks who are going to step up and try to fill those shoes. I came to this institution to make a difference, Mr. Speaker. I didn’t come just to make a point. Because Miles Lackey has served in this institution not for a day, not for a week, not for a month, but for decade upon decade. We have been able to make a difference. I don’t want to date Miles. He dates back not just before I got here, but before my predecessor got here. He dates back before Republicans took over this institution, Mr. Speaker, and has seen the control change time and time again. Watch folks when power changes, Mr. Speaker. Watch folks when power changes in this institution. Watch whether they behave the same once they have it as they did yesterday when they didn’t. We are all in the minority at some point, Mr. Speaker. We are all in the minority at some point. The rules exist to protect the minority. Watch the folks who have the ability to use the rules. See if they treat you the same when they have the power as when they don’t. There is not going to be a man or woman who stands in this Chamber who will tell you that Miles treats you any differently when he is in as when he is out. He is an advocate for his position, but he is an institutionalist who believes in all of us collectively. I thank him for his service. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the Rules resolution. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking member of the Rules Committee for yielding me the time, and I join with her in expressing my admiration and my respect for Miles Lackey. I have known Miles for many, many years. We both served as staff members up here when I first came to the Hill. I have known him in his capacity when he worked with Tony Beilinson and Ted Weiss and Chris Dodd and John Edwards in the Rules Committee and I guess a thousand other things he did up here. I always admired his intellect and his dedication. Mr. Speaker, Miles Lackey is a good man. He is a very, very good man. That is an important quality for people who serve up here, whether as Members of Congress or as staff members, that they are good people. Miles always put the interests of the people of this country first, and always the most vulnerable were at the top of his list. No matter what we talk about in the Rules Committee, he always talks about how it is going to impact people who are struggling in this country. I just want to say that I have admired Miles’ dedication to this country. I have admired his intellect. I have admired his compassion. We are going to miss him greatly. He has taught me a lot. I know he has taught a lot of people on the Rules Committee and other staffers and Members a lot as well. But he is a unique individual in that everybody loves him. I joked last night in the Rules Committee that I appreciated the fact that Miles was the inspiration for a resolution in the Rules Committee that Democrats and Republicans could support because very rarely do we have resolutions that we support in a bipartisan way. So I am grateful to Miles, and I join with everybody here when I say we are going to miss him. I will just conclude with this. I have had the privilege of serving with some great Members of the House and great Members who have served as staffers up here. Miles is at the top of that list. He is a great human being and a great public servant. We are all here, in a bipartisan way, to express our admiration, our deep affection, and our respect for him. We wish him well. And, Miles, we will be calling you often, so be prepared. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and ‘‘no’’ on the rule that joins two unrelated measures, first, to continue the House majority’s overreach into the District of Columbia’s local budgetary affairs; second, to double down on an outdated energy policy and pursue a partisan path instead of the bipartisan Senate plan. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I pointed out in the statement I gave at the beginning of this hour, just reflecting back on the month of May, a month where the House of Representatives passed legislation funding our military bases, funding our veterans, funding energy and water policies, providing new authorities to combat the growing threat of the Zika virus, we updated our Nation’s chemical laws for the first time in 40 years, we provided help to people in this country facing opiate addictions, we provided pay and benefits to our military, we provided the tools to our armed services necessary to keep our citizens safe from the growing threat of terrorism, it has been a significant month in the United States House of Representatives. Oftentimes we don’t reflect back on what has been accomplished. So this is a good opportunity to do that. b1315 Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for consideration of two important bills to update our Nation’s energy policies and address the constitutional deficiencies in recent District of Columbia Council actions. I want to thank the many Members of the House on both sides who contributed to the underlying pieces of legislation, which will be considered today following the passage of today’s rule. Finally, I do want to join my colleagues—I am probably the most recent addition to the House Rules Committee, but I certainly have been there long enough to appreciate the wise counsel and guidance of Miles Lackey and certainly wish him well in his future endeavors and pray for his successor. The material previously referred to by Ms. SLAUGHTER is as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—18 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Miller (FL) Norcross O’Rourke Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) Sanchez, Loretta Speier Takai Whitfield Yarmuth 
b1336 Mr. POE of Texas changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, due to being unavoidably detained, I missed the following rollcall Vote: No. 239 on May 25, 2016. If present, I would have voted: Rollcall Vote No. 239—On Ordering the Previous Question, ‘‘aye’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 171, not voting 20, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson 
Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cramer DeGette Fattah Fincher Granger Green, Gene Hanna Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson (GA) Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Peters Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
b1342 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: Rollcall No. 240, ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: Rollcall No. 240, ‘‘no.’’ 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 743 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5055. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1344 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, May 24, 2016, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), had been postponed and the bill had been read through page 80, line 12. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment by Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Amendment by Mr. MCNERNEY of California. Amendment by Mr. GRIFFITH of Virginia. Amendment by Mr. BUCKof Colorado. Amendment by Mr. POLIS of Colorado. Amendment by Mr. POLIS of Colorado. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 143, noes 275, not voting 15, as follows: 
Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Blum Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Burgess Bustos Byrne Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cohen Collins (GA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Esty Farenthold Frankel (FL) Gabbard Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (GA) Grayson Griffith Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kirkpatrick LaHood Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Sean McDermott Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nugent Pascrell Perry Peterson Poliquin Polis Posey Reed Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Schakowsky Schweikert Sessions Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Vargas Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Yoho Young (AK) Zinke NOES—275 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bost Boustany Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Butterfield Calvert Capps Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Dent DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kind King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis LoBiondo Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Roskam Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stewart Stivers Thompson (CA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Kinzinger (IL) Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1348 Messrs. GARRETT and BARR changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 169, noes 247, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—247 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—17 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Graves (LA) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1352 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 236, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Richmond Rohrabacher RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—15 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Ellison Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1357 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. COLE changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 80, noes 339, not voting 14, as follows: 
Amash Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Grothman Harris Hensarling Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Knight LaMalfa Love Massie McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Olson Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rouzer Royce Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Stewart Stutzman Walberg Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Woodall Yoho Young (IN) 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1401 Messrs. FORBES and WITTMAN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 167, noes 251, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—251 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Webster (FL) Yarmuth 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1405 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 144, noes 275, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Becerra Bera Beyer Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capps Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cohen Connolly Crowley Culberson Cummings Delaney DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Foxx Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gosar Graham Grayson Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Knight Kuster Labrador Lance Langevin Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McDermott McGovern Meadows Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Pallone Palmer Peters Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Titus Tonko Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Woodall Young (IN) 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hill Hinojosa Hoyer Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Norcross O’Rourke Pelosi Rice (NY) Sanchez, Loretta Takai Yarmuth 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1410 Mr. LEVIN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. BECERRA, JODY B. HICE of Georgia, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. NEAL, Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. BLUMENAUER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, on rollcall vote: No. 246, Second Polis of Colorado Amendment, on May 25, 2016. I inadvertently voted ‘‘nay,’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I intended to vote the following ways on the measures listed below on Wednesday, May 25, 2016. 1. ‘‘Yes’’ on Agreeing to the First Polis of Colorado Amendment to H.R. 5055. 2. ‘‘No’’ on Agreeing to the Second Polis of Colorado Amendment to H.R. 5055. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. HULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO COMMIT ON S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to commit on S. 2012 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. 
b1415 ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 744, I call up the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 744, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–55 is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: S. 2012 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2016’’. TITLE I—MODERNIZING AND PROTECTING INFRASTRUCTURE Subtitle A—Energy Delivery, Reliability, and Security 
Part II of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824 et seq.), as amended by section 1104, is further amended by adding after section 215A the following new section: 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Congress a report on methods to increase electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, and severe weather. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of ways in which the capabilities of the National Response Center could be improved. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended by section 1203, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
tribes, may conduct or commission regional or basinwide environmental studies, with the participation of at least 2 applicants. Any study conducted under this subsection shall apply only to a project with respect to which the applicant participates.’’. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended by section 1205, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended by section 1206, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended by section 1207, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including any other provision of this Act and any amendment made by this Act, to the extent that the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) applies to the issuance of a permit for the construction, operation, or maintenance of a facility for the export of bulk commodities, no such permit may be denied until each applicable Federal agency has completed all reviews required for the facility under such Act. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to Congress a report on the weaknesses in currently available smart meters’ security architecture and features, including an absence of event logging, as described in the Government Accountability Office testimony entitled ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Protection: Cybersecurity of the Nation’s Electricity Grid Requires Continued Attention’’ on October 21, 2015. TITLE III—ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY Subtitle A—Energy Efficiency CHAPTER 1—FEDERAL AGENCY ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
The Secretary of Energy shall, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate on the efforts made to take advantage of, and promote, the utilization of advanced technologies such as Internet of Things endtoend platform solutions to provide real time actionable analytics and enable predictive maintenance and asset management to improve energy efficiency wherever feasible. In doing so, 
the Secretary shall look to encourage and utilize Internet of Things energy management solutions that have security tightly integrated into the hardware and software from the outset. The Secretary shall also encourage the use of Internet of Things solutions that enable seamless connectivity and that are interoperable, open standardsbased, and built on a repeatable foundation for ease of scalability. 
Section 319 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 825q–1) is amended to read as follows: 
The table of contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95– 620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 742. 
There are authorized to be appropriated, out of funds authorized under previously enacted laws, amounts required for carrying out this division and the amendments made by this division. TITLE IV—CHANGING CRUDE OIL MARKET CONDITIONS 
Section 103 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, to promote the efficient exploration, production, storage, supply, marketing, pricing, and regulation of energy resources, including fossil fuels, no official of the Federal Government shall impose or enforce any restriction on the export of crude oil. 
Nothing in this title limits the authority of the President under the Constitution, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), part B of title II of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6271 et seq.), the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), or any other provision of law that imposes sanctions on a foreign person or foreign government (including any provision of law that prohibits or restricts United States persons from engaging in a transaction with a sanctioned person or government), including a foreign government that is designated as a state sponsor of terrorism, to prohibit exports. 
Not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil export ban under this title as it relates to promoting United States energy and national security. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report analyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil exports will help create opportunities for veterans and women in the United States, while promoting energy and national security. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to authorize the export of crude oil, refined petroleum products, and petrochemical products by or through any entity or person, wherever located, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States to any entity or person located in, subject to the jurisdiction of, or sponsored by the Islamic Republic of Iran. TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS 
Venue for any covered civil action shall lie in the United States district court in which the covered energy project or lease exists or is proposed. 
To ensure timely redress by the courts, a covered civil action shall be filed not later than the end of the 90day period beginning on the date of the final Federal agency action to which the covered civil action relates. 
The court shall endeavor to hear and determine any covered civil action as expeditiously as practicable. 
A challenger that files an appeal with the Department of the Interior Board of Land Appeals shall meet the same standing requirements as a challenger before a United States district court. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to Congress the results of a study to determine the maximum level of volatility that is consistent with the safest practicable shipment of crude oil by rail. 
The Secretaries of Energy and Commerce shall jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially as those fields relate to energy. 
The final rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residential Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and ForcedAir Furnaces’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 13672 (March 16, 2015) shall have no force or effect and shall be treated as if such rule had never been issued. TITLE VI—PROMOTING RENEWABLE ENERGY WITH SHARED SOLAR 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Renewable Energy with Shared Solar Act of 2016’’. 
Section 633 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17212) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 636 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17215) is amended by striking ‘‘2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. TITLE VIII—EXTENSIONS OF TIME FOR VARIOUS FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PROJECTS 
Notwithstanding the time period described in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12429, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) shall, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice and in accordance with the procedures of the Commission under that section, reinstate the license and extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of project works for the 3year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
Five years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a comprehensive 
report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee on the outlook for energy and manufacturing sectors nationally. The report shall also include a comprehensive summary of energy and manufacturing job creation as a result of the enactment of this title. The report shall include performance data regarding the number of program participants served, the percentage of participants in competitive integrated employment two quarters and four quarters after program completion, the median income of program participants two quarters and four quarters after program completion, and the percentage of program participants receiving industryrecognized credentials. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this title. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. DIVISION B—RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2016’’. 
A forest management activity covered by a categorical exclusion granted by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applicable to the National Forest System land or public lands covered by the forest management activity. TITLE II—SALVAGE AND REFORESTATION IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS 
A salvage operation or reforestation activity authorized by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applicable to the National Forest System lands or public lands covered by the salvage operation or reforestation activity. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may carry out demonstration projects by which federally recognized Indian tribes or tribal organizations may contract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through contracts entered into under the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS FOREST MANAGEMENT PROVISIONS 
On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may not apply to National Forest System lands any of the amendments to forest plans adopted in the Decision Notice for the Revised Continuation of Interim Management Direction Establishing Riparian, Ecosystem and Wildlife Standards for Timber Sales (commonly known as the Eastside Screens requirements), including all preceding or associated versions of these amendments. 
If the Secretary concerned determines that, in order to conduct a project or carry out an activity implementing a forest plan, an amendment to the forest plan is required, the Secretary concerned shall execute such amendment as a nonsignificant plan amendment through the record of decision or decision notice for the project or activity. 
The Northwest Forest Plan Survey and Manage Mitigation Measure Standard and Guidelines shall not apply to any National Forest System lands or public lands. 
The Secretary of Agriculture shall develop and implement at least one landscapescale forest restoration project that includes, as a defined purpose of the project, the generation of material that will be used to promote advanced wood products. The project shall be developed through a collaborative process. TITLE IX—MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
The Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE VIII—MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’. 
For adjustments to operating criteria other than under section 1038 of this subtitle or to take urgent actions to address water supply shortages for the least amount of time or volume of diversion necessary as determined by the Commissioner of Reclamation, no mitigation measures shall be required during any year that the Sacramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, and any mitigation measures imposed must be based on quantitative data and required only to the extent that such data demonstrates actual harm to species. 
The Commissioner of Reclamation is directed to work with local water and irrigation districts in the Stanislaus River Basin to ascertain the water storage made available by the Draft Plan of Operations in New Melones Reservoir (DRPO) for water conservation programs, conjunctive use projects, water transfers, rescheduled project water and other projects to maximize water storage and ensure the beneficial use of the water resources in the Stanislaus River Basin. All such programs and projects shall be implemented according to all applicable laws and regulations. The source of water for any such storage program at New Melones Reservoir shall be made available under a valid water right, consistent with the State of California water transfer guidelines and any other applicable State water law. The Commissioner shall inform the Congress within 18 months setting forth the amount of storage made available by the DRPO that has been put to use under this program, including proposals received by the Commissioner from interested parties for the purpose of this section. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in collaboration with the Sacramento Water Forum, shall expedite evaluation, completion and implementation of the Modified Lower American River Flow Management Standard developed by the Water Forum in 2015 to improve water supply reliability for Central Valley Project American River water contractors and resource protection in the lower American River during consecutive dryyears under current and future demand and climate change conditions. 
By December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the Interior shall develop and implement a program, including rescheduling guidelines for Shasta and Folsom Reservoirs, to allow existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed, and refuge service and municipal and industrial water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed and the American River Watershed to reschedule water, provided for under their Central Valley Project contracts, from one year to the next; provided, that the program is consistent with existing rescheduling guidelines as utilized by the Bureau of Reclamation for rescheduling water for Central Valley Project water service contractors that are located South of the Delta. Subtitle D—CALFED STORAGE FEASIBILITY STUDIES 
Nothing in this Act preempts or modifies any existing obligation of the United States under Federal reclamation law to operate the Central Valley Project in conformity with State law, including established water rights priorities. Subtitle F—MISCELLANEOUS 
After the date of the enactment of this title, and regardless of the date of listing, the Secretaries of the Interior and Commerce shall not distinguish between naturalspawned and hatcheryspawned or otherwise artificially propagated strains of a species in making any determination under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that relates to any anadromous or pelagic fish species that resides for all or a portion of its life in the Sacramento San Joaquin Delta or rivers tributary thereto. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Natural Resources of the State of California, shall publish an annual report detailing instream flow releases from the Central Valley Project and California State Water Project, their explicit purpose and authority, and all measured environmental benefit as a result of the releases. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Water Supply Permitting Coordination Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Project Streamlining Act’’. 
and design of the project in accordance with the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Accelerated Revenue, Repayment, and Surface Water Storage Enhancement Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Water Rights Protection Act’’. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘water right’’ means any surface or groundwater right filed, permitted, certified, confirmed, decreed, adjudicated, or otherwise recognized by a judicial proceeding or by the State in which the user acquires possession of the water or puts the water to beneficial use, including water rights for federally recognized Indian tribes. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Sportsmen’s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act’’ or the ‘‘SHARE Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Hunting, Fishing, and Recreational Shooting Protection Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that, consistent with applicable laws and regulations, the Chief of the Forest Service and the Director of the Bureau of Land Management should cooperate with State and local authorities and other entities to carry out waste removal and other activities on any Federal land used as a public target range to encourage continued use of that land for target practice or marksmanship training. Subtitle C—Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Recreational Lands SelfDefense Act’’. 
The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Recreational Fishing and Hunting Heritage and Opportunities Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Hunter and Farmer Protection Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Hunter Access Corridors Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act Reauthorization’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘African Elephant Conservation and Legal Ivory Possession Act’’. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, whenever in this subtitle an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). 
Part I (16 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘The Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may station United States Fish and Wildlife Service law enforcement officers in the primary United States diplomatic or consular post in each African country that has a significant population of African elephants, who shall assist local wildlife rangers in the protection of African elephants and facilitate the apprehension of individuals who illegally kill, or assist the illegal killing of, African elephants.’’. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study examining the effects of a ban of the trade in of fossilized ivory from mammoths and mastodons on the illegal importation and trade of African and Asian elephant ivory within the United States, with the exception of importation or trade thereof related to museum exhibitions or scientific research, and report to Congress the findings of such study. Subtitle K—Respect for Treaties and Rights 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect or modify any treaty or other right of any federally recognized Indian tribe. Subtitle L—State Approval of Fishing Restriction 
The Chief of the Forest Service shall publish a notice in the Federal Register for the closure of any public road on Forest System lands, along with a justification for the closure. Subtitle N—Grand Canyon Bison Management Act 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Grand Canyon Bison Management Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act’’. 
Before the end of the 60day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on December 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance shall not be subject to judicial review. 
Before the end of the 60day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance shall not be subject to judicial review. Subtitle T—Miscellaneous Provisions 
The Director of the National Park Service shall withdraw the final rule entitled ‘‘Alaska; Hunting and Trapping in National Preserves’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 64325 (October 23, 2015)) by not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall not issue a rule that is substantially similar to that rule. TITLE III—NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’. 
Domestic mines that will provide strategic and critical minerals shall be considered an ‘‘infrastructure project’’ as described in Presidential order ‘‘Improving Performance of Federal Permitting and Review of Infrastructure Projects’’ dated March 22, 2012. 
In evaluating and issuing any mineral exploration or mine permit, the priority of the lead agency shall be to maximize the development of the mineral resource, while mitigating environmental impacts, so that more of the mineral resource can be brought to the marketplace. 
In this subtitle the term ‘‘covered civil action’’ means a civil action against the Federal Government containing a claim under section 702 of title 5, United States Code, regarding agency action affecting a mineral exploration or mine permit. 
A covered civil action is barred unless filed no later than the end of the 60day period beginning on the date of the final Federal agency action to which it relates. 
The holder of any mineral exploration or mine permit may intervene as of right in any covered civil action by a person affecting rights or obligations of the permit holder under the permit. 
The court shall endeavor to hear and determine any covered civil action as expeditiously as possible. 
In a covered civil action, the court shall not grant or approve any prospective relief unless the court finds that such relief is narrowly drawn, extends no further than necessary to correct the violation of a legal requirement, and is the least intrusive means necessary to correct that violation. 
This title shall not apply to any mineral described in Secretarial Order No. 3324, issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 3, 2012, in any area to which the order applies. TITLE IV—NATIVE AMERICAN ENERGY ACT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Native American Energy Act’’. 
As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall implement procedures to ensure that each agency within the Department of the Interior that is involved in the review, approval, and oversight of oil and gas activities on Indian lands shall use a uniform system of reference numbers and tracking systems for oil and gas wells. 
The Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 is amended by inserting after section 2 (25 U.S.C. 3115a) the following: 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may carry out demonstration projects by which federally recognized Indian tribes or tribal organizations may contract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through contracts entered into under the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.).’’. 
Unless otherwise explicitly exempted by Federal law enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act, any activity conducted or resources harvested or produced pursuant to a tribal resource management plan or an integrated resource management plan approved by the Secretary of the Interior under the National Indian Forest Resources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) or the American Indian Agricultural Resource Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), shall be considered a sustainable management practice for purposes of any Federal standard, benefit, or requirement that requires a demonstration of such sustainability. 
No rule promulgated by the Department of the Interior regarding hydraulic fracturing used in the development or production of oil or gas resources shall have any effect on any land held in trust or restricted status for the benefit of Indians except with the express consent of the beneficiary on whose behalf such land is held in trust or restricted status. TITLE V—NORTHPORT IRRIGATION EARLY REPAYMENT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2016’’. 
The Secretary shall administer any land acquired under section 6005 as part of the Historical Park in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Preservation Research at Institutions Serving Minorities Act’’ or the ‘‘PRISM Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch and White River National Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2016’’. 
Any reference in a law (other than this Act), map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to ‘‘Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park’’. TITLE XIX—EXTENSION OF THE AUTHORIZATION FOR THE GULLAH/GEECHEE CULTURAL HERITAGE CORRIDOR COMMISSION 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘9/11 Memorial Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
Section 4 of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act (Public Law 109–156) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 702 of the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–333) is repealed. TITLE XXIII—GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE LAND EXCHANGE ACT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act of 2016’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2016’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act’’. Subtitle A—Cow Creek Umpqua Land Conveyance 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Cow Creek Umpqua Land Conveyance Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Coquille Forest Fairness Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Oregon Coastal Lands Act’’. 
OFENERGY PROGRAMS .—The Under Secretary for Science and Energy shall ensure the coordination of Office of Science activities and programs with other activities of the Department.’’. 
Section 994 of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16358) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 921 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16211) is amended to read as follows: 
The Secretary shall prepare a database of nonFederal user facilities receiving Federal funds that may be used for unclassified nuclear energy research. The Secretary shall make this database accessible on the Department’s website. Subtitle D—Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Research and Development 
Section 912 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16192) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
Section 915 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16195) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
To the extent provided for in advance by appropriations Acts, the Secretary may transfer to the National Institute of Standards and Technology up to $150,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2015 through 2017 from amounts appropriated for advanced manufacturing research and development under this subtitle (and the amendments made by this subtitle) for the Secretary of Commerce to carry out the Network for Manufacturing Innovation Program authorized under section 34 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
Section 931 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16231) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 932 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16232) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 934 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16234) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
Section 935 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16235) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. Subtitle E—Fossil Energy Research and Development 
Section 961 of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16291) is amended to read as follows: 
Nothing in this title or an amendment made by this title abrogates or otherwise affects the primary responsibilities of any National Laboratory to the Department. Subtitle B—Innovation Management at Department of Energy 
It is the sense of the Congress that the Secretary should encourage the National Laboratories and federally funded research and development centers to inform small businesses of the opportunities and resources that exist pursuant to this title. 
Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an annual report that accounts for all incidences of, and provides a justification for, nonFederal entities using funds derived from a Federal contract or award to carry out agreements pursuant to this section. 
The Secretary may enter into an agreement with the Director of the National Science Foundation to enable researchers funded by the Department to participate in the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps program. Subtitle D—Assessment of Impact 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act’’. 
Section 956 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16276) is amended by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Office of Nuclear Energy, Science and Technology,’’. 
Section 957 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16277) is amended to read as follows: 
Subtitle E of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relating to section 957 and inserting the following: ‘‘957. Highperformance computation and supportive research. ‘‘958. Enabling nuclear energy innovation. ‘‘959. Budget plan.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), and the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) each will control 15 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on S. 2012. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the House amendment to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. In December of last year, the House passed H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, which is a large portion of the language we are considering today. This legislation, together with provisions from the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology, would be the first major piece of energy legislation in 8 years, and it addresses many outdated aspects of our Federal energy policy. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to wish the chairman a happy birthday. It has been nearly a decade since we last considered an energy package like this. In that time, a lot has changed. Continued innovation and discovery across the energy sector have brought about a new landscape of abundant supply and tremendous potential for economic growth. This has been a multiyear, multiCongress effort, and a lot of work has gone in to make sure that the bill that we put forward to support the future of American energy is truly comprehensive. Together with our colleagues, I am proud to be moving this legislation one step closer to becoming the new reality for energy producers and consumers across the country. This bill is about jobs. It is about keeping energy affordable. It is about boosting our energy security here and across the globe. H.R. 8 is the embodiment of an alloftheabove energy strategy. One of the most important provisions is, in fact, modernizing and protecting critical energy infrastructure, including the electric grid, from new threats, including severe weather from climate, cyber threats, and physical attacks as well. It helps to foster and promote new 21st century energy jobs by ensuring that the Department of Energy and our labs and universities work together to train the energy workforce and entrepreneurs of tomorrow. It makes energy efficiency, including Federal Government energy efficiency, a priority, and focuses less on creating new mandates and subsidies to incentivize behavior and more on market changes and using the government as an example. Finally, it helps update existing laws that bring some added certainty to permitting processes and helps to promote using our abundant resources to aid in diplomacy. For example, by streamlining the approval process for projects such as the interstate natural gas pipelines and LNG export facilities, the legislation will allow businesses at the cutting edge of research to keep putting the full scope of energy abundance to work for consumers both here and abroad. This allows us to provide an energy lifeline to our allies across the globe. Provisions within H.R. 8 and others that have been included in the amendment under consideration today also seek to capitalize on energy sources that the administration has rejected. H.R. 8 brings muchneeded reforms to the hydropower licensing process as well, a clean energy source that, together with nuclear, provides some 25 percent of the United States’ electricity, with no greenhouse gas emissions. It is imperative that hydropower remains a vital part of any future. The alloftheabove energy strategy also means that the future of American energy does not need to be a series of choices between the environment and the economy. By introducing 21st century regulatory reforms that reflect our energy abundance, and with the DOE’s Quadrennial Energy Review as a guide, this bill will help bring about needed reforms and continued innovation across the energy sector. The legislation before us today is the product of a thorough assessment of the gap that we face between our stale energy regulations and our budding energy supply. H.R. 8 closes the gap. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce first began to address a comprehensive bipartisan energy bill in the beginning of 2015, there was a sense of hopefulness, a sense of optimism that the committee would once again set the standard for working together to get things done on behalf of the American people in a spirit of bipartisan cooperation. At that time, Mr. Speaker, many of us on the minority side had enormous expectations that we would draft a bill that would move our energy policy forward in a manner befitting the challenges facing our Nation in this, the 21st century. Specifically, Mr. Speaker, from my perspective, a comprehensive energy bill would need to modernize the Nation’s aging energy infrastructure, train a 21st century workforce, and address the critically important issue of manmade climate change. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, none of these issues are addressed in the bill that we are voting on here today. This 800page hodgepodge of Republican and corporate priorities is nothing more than a majority wish list of strictly ideological bills, many of which the minority party opposes and the Obama administration and the American people do not support. Outside of just a few minor crumbs thrown in to represent the priorities of the minority party, including my workforce development legislation, the bill almost contains nothing that the American people could support or rally behind. Specifically, Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill, H.R. 8, does little more than take us backwards in terms of energy policy, while also providing loopholes to help industry avoid accountability and to avoid further regulation. H.R. 8 contains efficiency provisions that will actually increase energy use and energy costs to consumers, putting industry interests above the public interest. The bill’s hydropower title weakens longstanding environmental review procedures and curtails State, local, and tribal authority over projects in their respective lands. Mr. Speaker, the bill flagrantly binds the U.S. to an outdated dependency on fossil fuels while failing to offer any constructive, forwardlooking policies to incentivize the development and the deployment of clean energy. As you know, Mr. Speaker, many of the bills contained in the House amendment include controversial provisions that the minority party has repeatedly opposed at both the committee level as well as here on the House floor. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, many of these same poison pill amendments in the bill have already received veto threats from the Obama administration. So, Mr. Speaker, with a bill that fails to modernize our energy infrastructure, that fails to invest in jobcreating clean energy technologies, and that fails to cut carbon pollution, it is safe, Mr. Speaker, to proclaim to this body that we still have a long, hard, and cumbersome road ahead if we are ever to reach a point of finding consensus, bipartisan consensus. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support this bill before us. I urge my colleagues to oppose it as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), who is a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and is quite familiar with energy issues. Mr. WALDEN. I thank my colleague from Kentucky for his great work on this legislation and his thoughtful leadership on these issues over many years. Mr. Speaker, for all your work on this legislation to make muchneeded reforms to modernize energy policy into something that better promotes affordability, reliability, and ensures we have the energy we need to continue growing jobs in our communities, I say thank you. Among the many strong provisions in this bill, several are particularly important to the West and our rural communities across central, eastern, and southern Oregon. For farmers and ranchers in the Klamath Basin, this bill ensures that they will actually get a formal seat at the table when there is consultation with Federal agencies on decisions under the ESA. Irrigators in this area have long been impacted by these decisions, and it is only fair they should have an equal seat at the table with other entities during these discussions. Perhaps one of the timeliest provisions, Mr. Speaker, as we head into forest fire season in the West, are the provisions that provide for streamlined planning and would reduce frivolous lawsuits and speed up the pace of forest management across our public lands. This House, 4 years in a row now, after we pass this, has considered muchneeded legislation to fix the management of our Federal forests. Now the Senate will have an opportunity to join us in this effort, as we 
amend this legislation and send it on over to the Senate. Our forested, rural communities, Mr. Speaker, have waited long enough. They have choked on smoke summer after summer long enough. They have seen their watersheds get destroyed by catastrophic fire. It is time to fix the problem. Now, a couple other specifics, Mr. Speaker, on national forests across eastern Oregon. Forest managers’ hands are tied by a onesizefitsall rule prohibiting the harvest of trees over 21 inches in diameter. This measure was implemented temporarily in 1997 but still has not been lifted 20 years later, just about. It represents really poor science. It only serves as a source of frequent appeals and litigation. Repealing this will give our forest managers the flexibility they need to use modern science to actually manage the forests for healthier conditions. b1430 Last month the Bureau of Land Management released their proposed resource management plan for Oregon’s unique O&C lands in southern and western Oregon. Frankly, it is a terrible plan. Despite a clear statutory requirement that they manage these lands for sustainable timber production and revenue to the counties—dare I say, jobs in the community—the BLM’s plan goes the other way. It locks up 75 percent of the lands and harvests less than half the minimum level directed by the O&C Act. This is a job killer. This bill includes bipartisan legislation that I wrote, working with my colleagues from Oregon, Representatives DEFAZIO and S CHRADER , to cut costs, increase timber harvest and revenue to local counties, and direct BLM to revise their flawed management plan to actually reflect the underlying act. Mr. Speaker, this is good energy legislation. This is good natural resource legislation. This is sound environmental legislation. I urge its passage. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the outstanding ranking member of the full committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. RUSH for managing the opposition to the bill so successfully. Mr. Speaker, today we are considering the House amendment to S. 2012, the mistitled North American Energy Security Act of 2016. This legislation once again shows us the vastly different paths taken by the two Chambers of Congress. On the one hand is the Senate energy bill that the House intends to go to conference on. It passed by a vote of 85– 15 because it is balanced and because it contains a number of nonenergy provisions that the public supports overwhelmingly, such as permanent funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. On the other hand, the House energy bill was the result of a highly partisan process that the President threatened to veto. As we prepare to head to conference, we have a second chance to do things right and to produce a new, bipartisan energy bill. Unfortunately, that is not what we are doing today. The Republican majority has decided to replace the consensus Senate bill with a new propolluter package that dwarfs the original H.R. 8. When crafting the House amendment before us today, the Republican caucus decided to tack on over 30 extraneous bills to an already bad piece of energy legislation that the President promised to veto. While a number of these new additions are noncontroversial bills, many of these provisions are divisive, dangerous, and have drawn veto threats of their own. The House amendment to S. 2012 weakens protections for public health and the environment, undermines existing laws designed to promote efficiency, and does nothing to help realize the clean and renewable energy policies of the future. And, of course, this socalled energy infrastructure bill provides absolutely no money to modernize the grid or our pipeline infrastructure. The House amendment is a backwardlooking piece of energy legislation at a time when we need to move forward. Let me highlight some of the most harmful provisions solely from the jurisdiction of the Energy and Commerce Committee. This bill eliminates the current Presidential permitting process for energy projects that cross the U.S. border. Such action would create a new, weaker process that effectively rubber stamps permit applications and allows the Keystone pipeline to rise from the grave. It makes dangerous and unnecessary changes to the FERC natural gas pipeline siting process at the expense of private landowners, the environment, and our national parks. It harms electricity consumers at all levels by interfering with competitive markets to subsidize uneconomic generating facilities. These facilities would otherwise be rejected by the market in favor of lower cost natural gas and renewable options. It strikes language in current law that requires Federal buildings to be designed to reduce consumption of fossil fuels. It creates loopholes that would permit hydropower operators to dodge compliance with environmental laws, including the Clean Water Act, and gives preferential treatment to electric utilities at the expense of States, tribes, farmers, and sportsmen. It contains an energy efficiency title that, if enacted, would result in a net increase in consumption and greenhouse gas emissions compared to current law. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, this is not a legitimate exercise in legislating, and it speaks volumes about the total lack of seriousness with which House Republicans are approaching this conference. We should be trying to narrow the differences and move closer to the bipartisan Senate product. Instead, we are going in the opposite direction, voting on an 800page monstrosity energy package that the Republican leadership has stitched together from pieces of propolluter bills that passed the Senate only to die in the Senate or on the President’s desk. Voting once on these fundamentally flawed ideas was more than enough. We shouldn’t make a mockery of the conference process and be using the House floor to try to raise the dead. The House amendment to S. 2012 has one central theme binding its energy provisions: an unerring devotion to the energy of the past. It is the Republican Party’s 19th century vision for the future of U.S. energy policy in the 21st century. I strongly oppose the House amendment, obviously, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), who is a real expert on energy issues. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gentleman from Kentucky, Chairman WHITFIELD , for yielding me time. I am pleased to support the House amendment to the Senate Energy Policy Modernization Act. Division D of this legislation includes the three energy titles from the Science Committee’s Housepassed legislation, H.R. 1806, the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, and H.R. 4084, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act. Division D is both proscience and fiscally responsible and sets America on a path to remain the world’s leader in innovation. America’s economic and productivity growth relies on government support of basic research to enable the scientific breakthroughs that fuel technological innovation, new industries, enhanced international competitiveness, and job creation. Title V reauthorizes the Department of Energy Office of Science for 2 years. It prioritizes the National Laboratories’ basic research that enables researchers in all 50 States to have access to worldclass user facilities, including supercomputers and highintensity light sources. The bill prevents duplication and requires DOE to certify that its climate science work is unique and not replicated by other Federal agencies. Title VI likewise reauthorizes DOE’s applied research and developmental programs and activities for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017. It restrains the unjustified growth in spending on latestage commercialization efforts and focuses instead on basic and applied research efforts. Division D also requires DOE to provide a regular strategic analysis of science and technology activities within the Department, identifying key 
areas for collaboration across science and applied research programs. This will reduce waste and duplication and identify activities that could be better undertaken by States, institutions of higher education or the private sector, and areas of subpar performance that should be eliminated. Title VII proposes to cut red tape and bureaucracy in the DOE technology transfer process. It allows contractor operators of DOE National Laboratories to work with the private sector more efficiently by delegating signature authority to the directors of the National Labs themselves rather than DOE contracting officers for cooperative agreements valued at less than $1 million. Also included is H.R. 4084, Energy Subcommittee Chairman RANDY  WEBER ’s Housepassed Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act. It provides a clear timeline for DOE to complete a research reactor user facility within 10 years. This research reactor will enable proprietary and academic research to develop supercomputing models and design next generation nuclear energy technology. H.R. 4084 creates a reliable mechanism for the private sector to partner with DOE labs to build fission and fusion prototype reactors at DOE sites. Overall, Division D sets the right priorities for Federal civilian research, which enhances U.S. competitiveness while reducing spending and the Federal deficit by over $550 million. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ), an outstanding and hardworking member of the Energy and Power Subcommittee and the Energy and Commerce full committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank the gentleman, Ranking Member RUSH, for his leadership on energy solutions for America. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republican amendment because it is a giveaway to special interests and it is a missed opportunity to craft a bipartisan package of energy policies that meet the challenges of the 21st century and boost America’s clean energy economy. The GOPled Congress is out of sync with the American public and out of touch with what is happening in electricity generation across America. The future is about energy efficiency and geothermal, renewables like solar, wind power, and biomass. In fact, the U.S. Energy Information Administration says renewable energy is the world’s fastest growing energy source. That means innovative, costsaving energy investments for our neighbors and businesses back home. That means we are going to create jobs through the clean energy economy and, at the same time, reduce carbon pollution. Instead, in this amendment, the GOP doubles down on dirty fuel sources. It logrolls 36 bills into a single package that, in many cases, eliminates environmental reviews, and the experts say the bill will actually accelerate climate change. So if the Republican energy package was a car, it wouldn’t just be stuck in neutral, it would be stuck in reverse because it harkens back to the energy policies of decades ago rather than America’s growing clean energy economy of the future. Let’s not go backwards. Let’s move Americans forward and put money back into the pockets of our hardworking neighbors. I urge the House to reject the GOP amendment. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire how much time is remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Kentucky has 43⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Illinois has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ). Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on both committees of jurisdiction here, Energy and Commerce and Natural Resources. The language that they allowed to be put into this energy bill from my water bill is something that truly makes a difference for the constituents of the Central Valley. We have been suffering over these last few years, and what it has done is devastated our communities. We have unemployment numbers reaching as high as 30 and 40 percent. We see numbers even in some smaller communities as high as 50 percent. To see these things happen in our communities is a total tragedy, and it doesn’t have to happen. All we need is some commonsense legislation. We have tried reaching out. We have passed legislation out of the House a few different times. We have negotiated and tried to get somewhere, but we weren’t able to do it. So finding another way to get this onto our Senators’ desks so that they can actually take some action and get it to the President’s desk is of the utmost importance. I appreciate all the leadership and all the help from both committees to help this move forward. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member RUSH. I also want to thank my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee, including the chairman of the subcommittee, for their hard work. I am pleased to have several bipartisan measures included in the legislation, including reforming hydropower licensing, addressing efficiency in Federal buildings, enhancing the energy water nexus, verification of cyberresilient products for the grid, authorization of water programs, an update of our national policy on the future of the grid, and smart gridcapable labels on products to enhance consumer choice. These are items I believe should remain in any final energy package. Unfortunately, the Republicans have loaded the bill with nonconstructive language. One such provision is language from H.R. 2898 that would harm California’s delta and the economies of the families, farmers, and communities I represent. There is no way this language should be part of an energy package. It is just an addon. It just shows how desperate the Republicans are to push through this bad policy. Because of this, I regretfully oppose this legislation. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s energy and electricity systems need upgrades and modernization. Climate change needs to be addressed. The Senate companion bill does not address these issues. So, again, unfortunately, I have to oppose this legislation. b1445 Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I want to say we have been here before. Last night we argued about undertaking the water wars of California. Once again, here we are. This time, as last night, legislation dumped into this energy bill that will gut the environmental protections of the delta and San Francisco Bay, destroy the fisheries, destroy the economy of the delta and water for millions of people. Why would we want to do this? Well, presumably, to take care of the water interests of the San Joaquin Valley, not southern California, but the San Joaquin Valley alone. It makes no sense whatsoever. It is the wrong policy. We have to let science govern the delta. We have to operate the delta based upon the very best possible science available, do the pumping, do the exports, consistent with the protection of the ecology and the environment of the delta; that is fish, that is the land, that is the water systems. The ESA, the Clean Water Act, and the biological opinions, cannot be overrun. Yet, this legislation does exactly that. We ought to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. These particular sections should be removed. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to reemphasize that, for the minority side to support this bill and its going forward, 
there must be provisions included in the bill that will address the deeply felt concern that our Members have continually expressed. Specifically, Mr. Speaker, our Members would like to see funding to modernize the Nation’s energy infrastructure. Our Members want to see investment in clean energy technology. Our Members want to see resources to train a 21st century workforce. Our Members want to see policies to transition our economy away from the energy sources of the past and towards the sustainable energy sources of the future. Mr. Speaker, without these provisions, this bill won’t go very far. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members of this House to vote ‘‘no’’ on this socalled energy bill. It is a relic. It is backwardslooking. It puts the Nation on a reverse course. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. To our friends on the other side of the aisle, I want to thank them for working with us on this legislation. I know it is difficult to please everyone. Any time you talk about energy today, of course, people raise the issue of climate change. And I might say that America does not have to take a back seat to any country in the world on climate change. We have 64 different government programs addressing climate change, so I think America is doing more on that issue than anyone else. But we have other problems that we have to deal with as well. For example, the U.S. Energy Information Administration estimates that power outages in America cost Americans at least $150 billion annually. One of the reasons we have a lot of power outages is because of our infrastructure needs, but also because of regulations coming out of this administration. One of the provisions in this bill requires FERC to analyze the impact on electric reliability of new Federal regulations that have many experts concerned. So we want an analysis of all these regulations and its impact on reliability. We have heard a lot of discussion about the need for worktraining programs for people to work in energy, in the renewable sector, and all sectors. And we had a serious discussion with our friends on the other side of the aisle as we were marking up this legislation. We had basically agreed on a provision to provide training for African Americans, for Hispanics, for women, and for other minorities, to get them involved in the energy field, which we all wanted to do. We even provided some money for that training program. But we had said, if we do this, we want to change a couple of provisions in the 2005 Energy Policy Act. For example, in that act, there was a prohibition against the Federal government in Federal buildings using any fossil fuels after the year 2030. We think that is pretty draconian. So we said we are not going to mandate the use of fossil fuels, but in keeping even with the President’s statements about an alloftheabove energy policy, we wanted a provision in there that would repeal that so if there was a time in the future when we needed fossil fuels because fossil fuels are still providing about 50 to 60 percent of all the electricity in America—even more than that—coal and natural gas. So this provision simply says we are going to allow it. We are not mandating it, but the government has the option, after 2030, of using fossil fuel in government buildings. We think that is a sensible approach, but our friends on the other side of the aisle had dug in the sand so much, they refused that: We will not support it if that is in there. So some of these provisions that we all wanted, we don’t have in here, but we are trying to do the best that we can do. I think this is a major step forward for the American people, and I would urge everyone to support S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and the House amendment to it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support for the inclusion of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act, in the House amendment to S. 2012. The House passed H.R. 2647 with 262 bipartisan votes last July, and it has been waiting for Senate action since then. When we passed the bill nearly a year ago, we knew we were facing a severe wildfire season. We were correct. More than 10.1 million acres of forest land burned across the country, the largest number of acres ever recorded. Over 4,500 homes and other structures were destroyed. Mr. Speaker, these fires destroyed valuable resources, and emitted in the order of magnitude of 100 million tons of carbon into the atmosphere while burning up the equivalent renewable energy stored in our forests of 20 to 30 billion gallons of gasoline. Tragically, these fires also claimed the lives of seven firefighters who worked courageously to stop the spread of these wildfires into communities. When the House passed H.R. 2647 last summer, we hoped that the passage would spur action from the Senate. Unfortunately, that has not been the case. We have waited patiently for the Senate to offer its own legislation so we could sit down and negotiate a compromise. However, that has not been the case, so we should again ask the Senate to act on forestry reform. H.R. 2647 is premised on a simple idea: that the Forest Service and the BLM need to do more work to restore the health and resilience of our Nation’s forests. We understand the problem clearly. Our forests are overgrown due to years of neglect. This problem cannot be solved immediately, but we have an obligation to our rural communities to do everything we can to help mitigate the problem. In drafting this bill, we included provisions which would allow our Federal land management agencies to be able to shorten lengthy environmental review periods when they already understand the environmental impacts of a proposed management action. This bill also encourages and rewards collaboration between diverse stakeholder groups. The Natural Resources Committee recognizes the chilling effect of unnecessary litigation and how that can prevent needed restoration work from occurring in our Nation’s forests. The committee heard testimony from a variety of experts who testified about how restoration work is not being proposed by the Forest Service for fear that it will be litigated. My bill takes the simple step of requiring anyone who litigates a forest management project to post a bond if they are challenging a project put forth by a collaborative effort. It is not unreasonable to ask a litigant who threatens an urgently needed project that is put forth by a diverse group of stakeholders to have some skin in the game. This bill also recognizes the reality that we must rethink the manner in which we fund the fighting of catastrophic wildfires. The Forest Service is burdened with having to transfer funds from other accounts in order to cover the cost of wildfire suppression. Just last year, the Forest Service was forced to transfer $243 million from other agency accounts during 1 week in August in order to pay for firefighting costs. These transfers disrupt the very work that reduces the risk of wildfires in the first place. H.R. 2647 addresses this issue by allowing catastrophic wildfires to be treated like any other natural disaster. The Department of Agriculture and the Department of the Interior would be able to access FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund to help fight wildfires when all appropriated accounts are exhausted. This provision was drafted in a fiscally responsible manner to ensure that fighting these fires does not become a drain on our budget. Mr. Speaker, this bill will not make a difference in the health of our Nation’s Federal forests overnight, but it provides urgently needed tools to help our land management agencies to reduce the threat of catastrophic wildfires in our communities and to be good stewards of a treasured national resource. I urge my colleagues to support the House amendment to S. 2012 so that we can go to conference and work out a solution to the many problems facing our Nation’s Federal forests. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today I rise in opposition to the litany of bad, environmentally harmful bills that the House Republican leadership is offering in place of the bipartisan Senate energy bill. Now, the Senate bill, S. 2012, was sound policy and represented real progress on many important issues, but the package we are considering today is a dangerous threat. Not only is this package bad for droughtstricken States like California, but it includes a wish list of giveaways for the fossil fuel and mining industries, it undermines vital Endangered Species Act protections, and it undermines public review. b1500 This is not a promising start to conference negotiations. Why are we wasting our time on a package of partisan bills that we have considered before and which we all know will never be signed into law? Even worse than the substance, Republicans shot down the request to consider this bill under an open amendment process. Now, I, for one, would have recommended many changes if we were allowed to consider this very controversial omnibus bill under regular order. Just to name a few: The House amendment we are considering today continues the unending threats that Congress poses under current management to the health of the bay delta and the vital salmon runs that are so important to California and to my district, not to mention specific threats to the San Joaquin River and to the Klamath and Trinity River systems, their salmon fisheries, and the people that depend upon them; The House amendment we are considering today would bring back from the dead the undeniably harmful Keystone XL pipeline; The House amendment we are considering today would roll back building codes; It would be harmful to forest management policy and wildfire mitigation because it uses a shortsighted model for funding instead of bringing forward the actual fix to the fire borrowing problem, the bipartisan legislation by Representatives SIMPSON and S CHRA DERthat I have supported each of the last several years but we never seem to be able to actually bring to a vote in this House. I urge my colleagues today to vote for the Senate energy bill in its current form, in its original form, which is the result of true, bipartisan compromise, so we can actually get that legislation and all of its useful provisions over the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ). Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased this amendment will improve the stewardship of public lands, water, and natural resources throughout the West. I am pleased to see Western priorities included in this bill, from the drought stricken California to the responsible production of strategic and critical minerals on Federal lands. They are critical to national defense and make possible modern amenities like smartphones and tablets. On tribal lands, the House amendment will empower tribes with more authority over their own land. The best forestry bill we have seen in years came from Mr. WESTERMAN , and he just talked about it. Finally, the sportsmen’s title will restore muchneeded attorney fee transparency under the Equal Access to Justice Act. This law was created to help small businesses, veterans, and Social Security beneficiaries when they have to take the Federal Government to court. But it is being used on endless public lands litigation with consequences for sportsmen’s access and other multiple use of public lands. Finally, this would reinstate the Fish and Wildlife Service’s own rulemaking regarding gray wolves in Wyoming and Western States. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues’ support. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Stockton, California (Mr. MCNERNEY ), who continuously fights for his district’s water interests and the interests of California as they pertain to our most important estuary, the baydelta system. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we had a debate last night about a familiar issue—California’s drought. It is something that impacts all of us, including Oregon and Washington State, not just people south of the delta. Unfortunately, H.R. 2898 was included in the Energy and Water Development appropriations bill, and it is alarming that the House Republicans have tacked the same language onto the energy bill. This shows the desperation of the House Republicans to force this bad legislation through. As I said last night, these provisions would further drain freshwater from the California delta. These provisions would damage the delta’s ecosystem and harm the communities I represent. It harms some people to benefit others just because one side has the power to do it. I represent the seventh largest agricultural county in the Nation, so I understand the needs of farmers and ranchers and the impact that water has on the ability to produce the Nation’s fruits, nuts, and vegetables. Unfortunately, H.R. 2898 would weaken the Endangered Species Act and set a precedent of undermining environmental protections. It also exacerbates a water war in the West just at a time when we are working to bridge those divides. In fact, the State and Federal agencies have been working effectively over the past few years to maximize water deliveries to the delta to communities down south. Federal and State agencies have maximized what little water exists in the State. A lack of water is our biggest threat, not operational flexibility. Last night we heard about wasted water. What hasn’t been said is that water that flows to the ocean pushes the saltwater out away from our farms and allows a path for salmon to the ocean. The majority hasn’t reauthorized WaterSmart. They haven’t supported investments in recycling. They have cut funding for the Department of the Interior’s efforts to boost water assistance. They haven’t voted on water infrastructure improvements. How do we prepare for the future either in wet or dry years? This House isn’t willing to make those kinds of investments. Our Nation loses approximately 2 trillion gallons of water because of aging infrastructure. That is about 6 billion gallons of water wasted every day. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an additional 30 seconds. Mr. MCNERNEY. There are investments that can be made to recycle water and find wasteful leakage. For example, the State of Israel recycles 90 percent of its water. California recycles only 15 percent. Instead, the Republicans have pushed language that results in diminished fish populations and worsens saltwater intrusion, which affects the water being exported that permanently damages some of our most productive farmland in the world. Mr. Speaker, this is not a solution. It is a step backward. I am disappointed with this bill, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the House amendment to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. The House amendment includes the Sportsmen’s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act of 2016, better known as the SHARE Act, which passed with bipartisan support in February in the House. The SHARE Act is part of a group of commonsense bills that will eliminate unneeded regulatory impediments, safeguard against new regulations that impede outdoor sporting activities, and protect Second Amendment rights. These packages were similarly introduced and passed in the 112th and 113th Congresses. Outdoor sporting activities, including hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting are deeply engrained in the fabric of the United States’ culture and heritage. Values instilled by partaking 
in these activities are passed down from generation to generation and play a significant part in the lives of millions of Americans. Much of America’s outdoor sporting activity occurs on our Nation’s Federal lands. Unfortunately, Federal agencies like the U.S. Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management often prevent or impede access to Federal land for outdoor sporting activities. Because lack of access is one of the key reasons sportsmen and women stop participating in outdoor sporting activities, ensuring the public has reliable access to our Nation’s Federal lands must remain a top priority. The SHARE Act does just that. One of the key provisions of this bill, the Recreational Fishing and Hunting Heritage Opportunities Act, will increase and sustain access for hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting on Federal lands for generations to come. Specifically, it protects sportsmen and women from arbitrary efforts by the Federal Government to block Federal lands from hunting and fishing activities by implementing an openuntil closed management policy. It also, in the package, provides tools to jointly create and maintain recreational shooting ranges on Federal lands and allows the Department of the Interior to designate hunter access corridors through National Park units so that sportsmen and women can hunt and fish on adjacent Federal lands. The package also protects Second Amendment rights and the use of traditional ammunition and fishing tackle. It defends lawabiding individuals’ constitutional rights to keep and bear arms on lands managed by the Corps of Engineers and ensures that hunters are not burdened by outdated laws preventing bows and crossbows from being transported across national parks. This important legislation will sustain America’s rich hunting and fishing traditions, improve access to our Federal lands for responsible outdoor sporting activities, and help ensure that current and future generations of sportsmen and women are able to enjoy the sporting activities this country holds dear. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important achievement. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Fresno, California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HUFFMAN for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the amendment in the Energy Policy Modernization Act that was reflected in Congressman VALADAO ’s legislation, H.R. 2898, of which I am a cosponsor. It is an important effort to try to fix California’s broken water system. We cannot continue to kick this can down the road as we have for the last several years. Unfortunately, that is what has continued to happen. Farms, farm communities, and farmworkers are desperate to have Washington recognize that we cannot continue the status quo. Our Nation’s food supply is an issue of national security, and we are dependent upon it. We don’t think about it that way, but it is a fact. The drought impacts in California and the West are not going to get better. With climate change, they are going to continue to get worse. Passing this bill is part of a continuing effort to try to get something done. The Federal Government cannot continue to ignore the drought and the devastating impacts not only in the San Joaquin Valley, but statewide and Western Stateswide. Parts of the valley are parched and without water, and we must continue to raise this issue every way we can. That is why we are doing this. Getting this legislation passed is part of an effort to fix California’s broken water system. There was talk about issuing an allocation, and we were hoping for an El Nino. Guess what. It didn’t happen. We got a 5 percent water allocation on the West side. Last year it was zero. The year before it was zero. Zero is zero. It means no water. So let’s try to work together. Let’s put aside our talking points and the political posturing for not only California farmers, farmworkers, and farm communities, but American families who count on having nutritious, healthy, and affordable food on their dinner table every night. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for his help and for all his good work and for his vast knowledge of trees and forestry. I appreciate it. Mr. Speaker, today the House has an opportunity to advance real reforms and modernize the outdated policies that are preventing responsible management of California’s water resources. Title I of division C of this measure includes language developed through exhaustive bipartisan, bicameral negotiations passed repeatedly by the House with bipartisan support. While the House has taken action on this issue, including this language today ensures that California’s Senators can no longer ignore the crisis facing our State. This Chamber has heard quite a bit about California’s water woes over the last few years, including some claims that don’t meet the threshold of fact, and it is time we set the record straight. Some falsely claim this bill prioritizes one area over another. As the sole Representative of the source of the vast majority of California’s usable water, I can state this measure includes the strongest possible protections for northern California area of origin and senior water rights. It safeguards the most fundamental water right of all: that those who live where water originates have access to it. That is why northern California water districts and farmers in my area strongly support this bill. The measure accelerates surface water storage infrastructure projects that over twothirds of Californians voted to fund, updating the system last expanded four decades ago. One of these projects, Sites Reservoir, would have saved 1 million acrefeet of water this winter alone, enough to supply 8 million Californians for a year. We simply can’t expect 40 million people to survive on infrastructure designed for half that, yet that is exactly what members of the minority party argue for. We have heard wild claims about how this measure could harm endangered species, but in reality it lives within the ESA and the biological opinions. Rather than alter the ESA—and believe me, I would like to—this measure improves population monitoring techniques and technology. Wildlife agencies currently base orders to cut off water on hunches, not data. This bill would provide actual facts to end the arbitrary decisions we have seen in recent years. Finally, this bill sensibly allows more water to be stored and used during winter storms when river flows are highest and there is no impact to fish populations. Even as delta outflows surpassed 100,000 acrefeet per second this year, as we see in this graphic here, during 2016, the water saved was even less by a percent than during low flow years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. LAMALFA. As a result, the lost opportunity of filling one of our largest reservoirs. San Luis Reservoir is barely half full. This bill ensures that, when we have more water, it is saved for later use, which helps all Californians. Why wouldn’t we want to do this? Mr. Speaker, we can’t wait any longer. It is time that we end the rhetoric, end the obstruction, and address the crisis that threatens our State’s strong economic livelihood. If Marin County and San Francisco can get all the water they need, how is it fair that districts in the Central Valley get only 5 percent of their allocation when water is aplenty? b1515 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Calling the Valadao water bill bipartisan does not make it genuinely so. Let me just share with my colleagues what Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN has said about this bill. She said it contains ‘‘provisions that would violate environmental law,’’ which she cannot support. California Senator BARBARA BOXER  said the bill is ‘‘the sameold, sameold and will only reignite the water wars.’’ 
The Obama administration opposes this bill. The State of California not only opposes these provisions, but has opposed all previous incarnations of this bill, which has been bouncing around for some time, long before the current drought gave it a new drought related title. I will just close with what the Fresno Bee has said about this bill. The Fresno Bee says about this bill: ‘‘In some cases, it’s an unabashed GOP wish list’’ that has ‘‘little, if anything, in common with a 140page draft water bill floated by Democrats.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ), who has long fought to protect the delta and the interests of her region. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the House amendment to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act. Although this bill contains some important provisions overall, it raises barriers to our clean energy future by reversing important progress we have made to curb emissions and combat climate change. House Republicans have made a bad bill worse by attaching harmful provisions that will have a negative impact on consumers, public health, and our environment. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly concerned that this energy package is being used to advance irresponsible, shortterm policies in response to California’s drought. The provisions included in this bill will pit one region of our great State against another instead of providing a balanced, long term solution. We need to be taking an allofthe above approach to our drought by advancing wastewater recycling projects, investing in groundwater storage, and encouraging new technologies that allow us to responsibly manage our water usage. I actually grew up on a Central Valley farm. My grandparents farmed in Reedley, California, and I grew up in Dinuba. So I understand that the debate over water is complicated and personal to so many, but I believe that we can balance the needs of our farmers and urban centers while protecting our drinking water supply and our ecosystems. Our American families deserve an energy package that brings us forward, not backwards. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2015. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), our distinguished, hardworking, and, above all, compassionate and fair majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, there are places in this world that hold people’s imagination— Washington, D.C., New York City, and Paris, the great rolling plains crossed by American pioneers, and the Himalayan mountains touching into the heavens. I was blessed, blessed more than I knew, to grow up in such a place, a place called California. It is so distinctive and impressive, it is unreal. Warm, sundrenched beaches, snowcapped mountains, great cities, forests, deserts, farmland growing fruits, nuts, and vegetables stretching as far as the eye can see. It is a place that is always filled with promise and potential. In many ways, California’s history mirrors the history of America. It started as nothing much, but people came and they built it. We grew and prospered. We became the envy of the world. Like America, today, California faces great uncertainty. Some problems are the same, shared by the entire Nation, but California and almost the entire Western United States are enduring something much worse—the drought. The drought has lingered for years. El Nino helped alleviate some of the problem, but the drought continues. Communities have less water, farmland that once fed the world now sits dry. People are losing their livelihoods and their hope. There is no way to end the drought, but it doesn’t have to be as bad as it is. Now, water that can be stored is being lost. Bureaucrats release freshwater out to the sea. Our most valuable resource is being wasted. This matters today because we are considering a bill from our colleagues in the Senate—the Energy Policy Modernization Act. Before the Senate passed this bill, they added several provisions, including language to address water issues in Washington State. I have to say, Mr. Speaker, that I am very happy that the Senate brought this up. After all, if we are going to address the water issue in Washington State, we should address the water issue across the West. So we included in our amendment to the legislation Representative VALADAO ’s Western Water and American Food Security Act. We passed this last year in the House so we could build more water storage and increase our reservoirs while still allowing water to flow through the Sacramento delta. Water is so necessary for our constituents that we aren’t stopping with this bill. We have already began consideration of the Energy and Water Appropriations bill, which includes even more provisions to deal with the drought. So there is a simple message for our Democrat colleagues in the Senate. House Republicans won’t stop. We will keep passing bills until our people get the water they need. Because once we get water, so much of the uncertainty facing California and the entire West will be brushed aside. You see, California and America as a whole face a crisis of bad governance. Many look around and see life isn’t getting any better. They wonder if our Nation is in decline. But that is not who we are, not as Americans and not as Californians. Our best days are not behind us. We will not quietly manage our decline. I reject the idea that we have reached the heights of our shining city on a hill, and that it is time to come back down to a world of limits and uncertainty. The choice is ours to make because as Americans we write our own future. That is what this vote means for me and for every Californian. The laws governing water are broken. The bureaucracy is working against the people. The system is holding us back, but this is not how it has to be. California has long been a reflection of America’s promise. We also helped America to realize its promise. We led the way in media, technology, agriculture, and even space. Bring the water back and I know we will lead America once again, and help to restore hope in our future. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I share the majority leader’s view that California is a unique and iconic and majestic place. I would only add that part of what makes it so includes the great rivers and iconic salmon runs in California from the Central Valley to the North Coast, where I represent, and the incredibly important baydelta estuary, the most ecologically important estuary on the West Coast of the Americas, which despite all of the damage we have done to it over the past 100plus years, still teams with waterfowl and wildlife and still supports salmon that are the staple of the commercial salmon fishing industry, not just in California, but in Washington and Oregon. That is why groups who advocate for these fisheries, folks who make their living by depending on these fish, are uniformly against the Republican water bill that has been added in by way of this amendment. Fishing jobs matter, too. It is part of what makes California great. There is no one that understands that better than my colleague, MIKETHOMPSON . Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP SON). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment to the Senate bill that is before us. California is in a true state of emergency when it comes to water. We are in a multiyear drought. And even after this winter’s El Nino, only one of our State’s reservoirs are filled to capacity. The drought is having a serious impact on families, on farms, on farmers, on fishers, and on businesses across California. We need sciencebased, longterm solutions to our State’s water challenges, and this bill is not the solution. It won’t help our State to improve water efficiency and make the most of the water that we have. It is based on the misguided assumption that our 
water crisis can be remedied by pumping more water south. The truth is we haven’t pumped more water south because there simply isn’t enough water. We are in a drought. The provisions we are debating today redefine the standard by which the Endangered Species Act is applied. This will weaken the law, increase the risk of species extinction, and lead to costly litigation. You will hear the other side talk about how this is necessary because we are letting millions of gallons of water wash out to sea in order to protect fish when that water could have been pumped to farmers in California’s Central Valley. The reality is that water needs to keep moving through the delta so that saltwater doesn’t wash in, jeopardizing water quality for farms and for communities, including cities in my district that rely on the delta for their freshwater supply. It is important to note that this bill sets a dangerous precedent for every other State in our country. California has a system of water management rules that have endured for a long time, but this bill overrides water regulations developed by Californians themselves, and tells local resource managers and water districts how to administer their water supplies. If we pass this bill, we are telling every State in America that we are okay with the Federal Government undermining local experts and State laws from coast to coast. We need real solutions that are based on science and that work for everyone. If you can set the science aside in California, you can do it anywhere. You have no protection for your resources. This isn’t about farmers versus fish. It is about saving salmon, saving cities in the delta, delta farmers, north of delta farmers, and resources across our country. I am not insensitive to the supply and demand reality of California’s water. I understand the concerns of Central Valley farmers. Remember, I am one. Ag is big in my district, too. But if your well runs dry, the solution isn’t to steal water from your neighbors. This bill isn’t the solution. It is bad for the millions who depend on the delta for their livelihoods, it is bad for California, and it is bad for States across our country. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this measure. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ). Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I always enjoy listening to my friends on the other side of the aisle say that this is theft, that we are stealing water. This graph has been used a few times. This is the amount of water going through the delta in 2015, and this is when it was exported; in 2016, the amount of water going out into the ocean. This is not stealing from one person’s well in their community to another community. This is water that is going out into the ocean that they are advocating that we go and spend more taxpayer money and desalinate so that we can bring it right back. When it comes to protecting the delta, which we all want to do, I would actually recommend that the communities around the delta stop dumping their sewage in it. With over 300 million gallons of sewage being dumped in the delta on a daily basis, you would think that would have a bigger impact on the delta species and everything else that is going on there than a little bit of water being pumped. There were periods this past winter alone where there was 150,000 cubic feet of water per second going through that delta. We are asking for 5,000, and at those high periods maybe 7,500. Think about that. 150,000 cubic feet per second, and we are asking for 7,500, as if we are going to pump a delta dry and have a huge impact. I would still argue that dumping your sewage in the delta would have a bigger impact on those species than anything else. b1530 If you are truly concerned with protecting those species, you would think you would take some of the legislation that we have in there that has to do with the invasive species, the predator species, the striped bass that is actually consuming baby salmon and is also consuming the delta smelt. We know that it is happening. I have seen studies that point to as much as 98 percent of delta smelt being consumed by this striped bass. Why don’t we take a look at the legislation that is in this bill now and actually adopt it and have a real impact and save these species for our future generations. It is time top stop playing games and hurting other communities. We are looking to capture a little bit of water that goes to the delta. Obviously, a lot was wasted this year. We are not trying to steal from anybody else. It is a fair and very equitable ask. It has little impact on the delta. If there are those who really want to protect the delta, let’s look at every part of it, including the sewage, including the invasive species. I think there is a lot of room to compromise, and I would appreciate the opportunity. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. When I hear my colleagues across the aisle continually describe outflow through the delta estuary as water that is somehow wasted and available to be taken for any purpose, it requires us often to remind them that this delta water system without that outflow would not be available to millions of Californians for drinking water and it would not be available to the Central Valley for agricultural irrigation because that outflow maintains salinity control and water quality in this very complex water system. It is also incorrect—and, yet, we continue to hear it regularly—that huge amounts of water in the last few years have been wasted for environmental purposes. The State Water Resources Control Board in California estimates that, in 2014, only 4 percent of all runoff in the baydelta watershed flowed into the San Francisco Bay solely for environmental protection, again, because there are other values, other benefits, to this outflow that sustains water quality and other values in the system. In 2015, the State estimates that it was only 2 percent of the runoff in the watershed that made it through the system for environmental purposes only. It is important that we bear those facts in mind. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) from Contra Costa County. Mr. DESAULNIER. I thank my colleague. I will try to be brief. Mr. Speaker, this debate reminds me of the old expression by Mark Twain that, in California, whiskey is for drinking and water is for fighting. So for those of you who are listening, as somebody who has represented the delta in local and State government and now at the Federal level for 25 years, I think we are doing well in California. In a recent oped by Charles Fishman, who is an expert on water resources of the United States, the title of it is ‘‘How California is Winning the Drought.’’ He writes in this article that it has been the driest 4year period in California history and the hottest, too. Yet, by almost every measure, except perception, California is doing fine— not just fine—California is doing fabulously. It has grown 27 percent more than the rest of the country, and the agricultural industry has also grown. He goes on to write that more than half of the fruits and vegetables that are grown in the United States come from California farms and that last year, 2014, in the third growing season of the drought, both farm employment and farm revenue increased slightly. I ask my colleagues to oppose the bill because it jeopardizes not just the delta, but California’s economy. Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Perfect policy is rare or even impossible. Good policy requires hard work, sound science, good data and data analytics, common sense, and a little bit of giveandtake. Mr. Speaker, this is good policy, fair policy. Most importantly, it will provide for a better way of life for Americans. I urge support for S. 2012, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concerns with the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. This bill passed the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support; however this bill contains unnecessarily controversial language which will jeopardize its passage here in the House. Many of the bills included in today’s House amendment have passed largely along party lines and have received veto threats from the White House. For example, the House Amendment contains The Western Water and American Food Security Act, a bill which aims to address California’s record drought. As we all know, California has been in a severe drought which has devastated its water supply. Although this bill includes language to address California’s current water crisis, I do not believe that it takes into account the concerns of all major stakeholders. Yes, we need to increase storage sites, reexamine infrastructure to move water to the south, and take immediate steps to provide water to the farmers who put food on our tables. We also cannot afford to ignore the environment as our kids and their kids will have to live in it. I believe we must put everything on the table. All community stakeholders should be involved as we address California’s shortterm and longterm water future—and this must be done immediately. Last week during National Infrastructure Week, I spoke about the importance of investing in California’s water infrastructure. We should utilize our resources to capture, reuse, and recycle our precious water for future generations. The House amendment also contains harmful language from the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015. This legislation would allow mining companies to set their own rules regarding environmental reviews. It would also cripple the permitting authority under the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA. Another bill added into this package, the North American Energy and Infrastructure Act, increases our reliance on fossil fuels and cripples the Department of Energy’s ability to enforce energy efficiency standards. Further provisions in this bill would curtail NEPA even further, threaten wildlife protections, and ban the results of Department of Energysupported research from being used to create assessments. Mr. Speaker, this legislation hurts our environment, our wildlife, our public health, and our energy independence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 744, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to commit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. PETERS. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to commit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Peters moves to commit the bill S. 2012, as amended, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Add at the end the following: TITLE XI—CONSIDERATION OF IMPACTS 
Because the scientific consensus is unequivocal that climate change is real, nothing in this Act shall prevent a Federal agency from considering potential climate impacts during any permitting, siting, or approval process undertaken pursuant to this Act. 
Mr. PETERS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, my amendment simply expresses something scientists know to be true and something that is recognized everywhere in the world but in these halls of the United States Congress, that climate change is real and influenced by human activity. We need Congress to get on board with a response, not to stand in the way. That is important for at least three reasons. First, if we are to lower the rate and impact of greenhouse gas emissions, we need Federal action. The largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States is from burning fossil fuels, which raises atmospheric levels of CO2. Super pollutants like methane and HFCs are many times more potent than CO2and are the most significant drivers of climate change. Greenhouse gas emissions can affect coastal regions, energy, defense, food supplies, wildfire preparedness, and our quality of life. That is why just last month the United States signed the historic Paris climate agreement so as to reduce emissions by at least 26 percent by 2025. As a country that contributes 17 percent of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions, we pledge to do our part. This follows President Obama’s executive order on climate change, which established national sustainability goals for the Federal Government. We need Congress to support these efforts, not to get in the way. Second, all new national plans and projects should consider these effects of climate change as we make decisions about what and where to build infrastructure and to permit projects. Extreme weather conditions are at an alltime high. One of my first votes as a Member of Congress was to fund a response to Superstorm Sandy with an appropriation of $60 billion off budget. That is just going to keep happening, folks. Regions around the world are experiencing intense droughts, longer wildfire seasons, and water shortages and flooding, and sea levels are rising at twice the rate they were 20 years ago, threatening to cause destructive erosion, powerful storms, the contamination of agriculture, and lost habitat for wildlife. We have to make sure that Federal permitting and construction learns the lessons from these trends and these events and that we account for the effect of rising seas, increased winds, and drought on the buildings and infrastructure that we approve and build. We have to build resiliency into Federal decisionmaking, not dodge the question. A bipartisan Bloomberg report estimated that, if we do not address climate change, between $66 billion and $106 billion worth of coastal property in the United States will be below sea level by 2050. Third, we need to bring our Federal practices into line with what is already happening outside of the United States Congress, the only entity in the world with its collective head in the sand on the reality of climate change. There are 175 countries that are on board. That is how many signed the historic Paris Agreement on the first day it was open for signature. There are 154 companies that are on board with Paris, and businesses across the country have committed to putting forward climate targets by reducing carbon emissions and becoming more energy efficient. PepsiCo, Apple, Qualcomm, Nestle, Kellogg’s, and Starbucks are among the private businesses that have included sustainability and alternative energy as smart business practice, and the Department of Defense, our own military, is on board, acting now to address the impacts of climate change. In January, the Pentagon released a directive stating: 
The Department of Defense must be able to adapt current and future operations to address the impacts of climate change in order to maintain an effective and efficient United States military. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s take a cue from the rest of the world, the American private sector, and the Pentagon and consider climate change in permitting and siting. For some of my colleagues on the other side, the politics of simple facts may be frightening, but U.S. leadership to curb climate change is not about politics or ideology. It is about security, ensuring the health of our citizens and of our families, and seizing the unprecedented economic opportunity of the clean energy revolution. The stakes of climate change have never been higher. The time to act is now. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s motion to commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes in opposition to the motion to commit. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the main objection here and the basis of the motion to commit relates to climate change. Contrary to the gentleman’s statement that the House does not recognize climate change, all of us recognize that the climate is changing. We do, however, have some significant differences with the President of the United States and with some other Members of the House and Senate in that we, many people, do not believe that climate change is the number one issue facing mankind. There are many other issues as well. The United States does not have to take a backseat to anyone on this issue. The Congressional Research Service recently reported that over 18 Federal agencies are already administering climate change programs. There are over 67 individual climate change programs in the Federal Government. We are already spending in excess of $15 billion a year on climate change. One of the problems that we have is that the President has been acting unilaterally on this issue. He went to Copenhagen and made agreements. He went to Paris and unilaterally entered the United States into an agreement without there being any consultation with the U.S. Congress, without discussing it with U.S. Congress on what he was agreeing to. He used that agreement in order to have the EPA issue its Clean Power Plan. In the Clean Power Plan, the EPA arbitrarily sets CO2limits for every State in America and each State would have had to have had its State implementation plan adopted by this September except that, since Congress was not involved and since many people throughout the country were vitally concerned about this unilateral action, they took the only thing available to them, and that was to file a lawsuit to stop it. What happened? It went all the way to the United States Supreme Court. I might add that the Supreme Court issued an injunction to prohibit the implementation of the President’s clean energy plan until there could be further discussion about it. I might also say that Congress had many hearings on the clean energy plan. That was our only involvement. We certainly were not a part of the plan. It was interesting that a professor from Harvard University who is generally considered pretty liberal and who taught the President constitutional law came to Congress and testified that the President’s clean energy plan, to use not the President’s words, but the professor’s words, ‘‘was like tearing up the Constitution and throwing it away.’’ We agree that climate change is an issue. We simply disagree with this President’s unilateral action in trying to decide the way it is addressed. We are amending the Senate bill because we want to use some commonsense approaches so that we can continue to bring down CO2emissions. We can also allow our economy to expand, to create jobs, and we don’t have to take a backseat to any country in the world. The U.S. is doing as much as any country in the world on climate change. I might also say that we expect that our carbon dioxide emissions will remain below our 2005 levels through the year 2040. Now, if you look at India, if you look at China, if you look at many developing countries and even at parts of Europe, they do not meet that standard. Let’s be pragmatic. Let’s use common sense. That is precisely what we attempt to do with our amendments to S. 2012, the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016. I would respectfully request that we deny this motion to commit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to commit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to commit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
CLARIFYING CONGRESSIONAL INTENT IN PROVIDING FOR DC HOME RULE ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 744, I call up the bill (H.R. 5233) to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the District government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk will report the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 744, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5233 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Effective with respect to fiscal year 2013 and each succeeding fiscal year, the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012 (D.C. Law 19–321) is hereby repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such Act shall be restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted into law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ), each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 5233. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to start, Mr. Speaker, by thanking the Delegate from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). She pours her heart and soul into her passion for this country and certainly for the District itself. We happen to disagree probably on this issue. We have 
agreed on some issues, on some topics; and we disagree on others. But I just want to note, Mr. Speaker, how much I appreciate her passion, her commitment, and her desire to represent her constituents as vigorously as she does. I also thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) for introducing H.R. 5233, the Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016, and his leadership on this issue. He is the subcommittee chairman who deals with this issue. He has spent a considerable amount of time working on this topic, working with city leaders, getting to know the city, and working with them. I appreciate his proactive approach and the manner in which he approaches this and his thoughtfulness on this sensitive but important topic. We are here today to discuss the bill that would do, just as the title says: clarify the congressional intent behind the D.C. Home Rule Act passed in 1974. First, a little bit of background about the need for this legislation. In December of 2012, the District of Columbia Council disregarded clear limitations found in the Home Rule Act of 1973. In doing so, it passed the Local Budget Autonomy Act, or the LBAA, in an attempt to remove Congress from the District’s budgeting process. If the bill is implemented, it would allow the District government to appropriate money without the need for any Federal action. In doing so, the Council violated clear legislative authority granted to Congress by the Constitution. Article I, section 8, clause 17 of the Constitution gives Congress plenary authority over the District of Columbia. As with its other powers, Congress may delegate some of its authority to the local District government, which it did when it passed the Home Rule Act back in 1974. Absent the congressional delegation, the District has no legislative power. As enacted more than 40 years ago, the Home Rule Act was designed to allow the District to selfgovern on truly local matters. At the same time, Home Rule preserved a necessary role of Congress in matters that could affect the Federal Government, including congressional authority over the District’s overall budget. The LBAA, however, violates the Home Rule Act and removes Congress from the District’s budgeting process. Today’s legislation clarifies the original intent behind the Home Rule Act and reinforces the intent of Congress, our Founding Fathers, and the Constitution. Importantly, the language of the Home Rule Act makes it clear it is not authorizing the District authority over its budget. In fact, Mr. Jacques DePuy, then counsel to the House subcommittee that drafted the Home Rule Act, testified this month at our committee. He said: ‘‘Congress did not intend to delegate the D.C. Council or District voters any authority over local revenues through the charter amendment or any other process.’’ And then it went on. His recollections are supported by the legislative history, particularly a dear colleague letter sent by then Chairman Diggs. Chairman Diggs’ letter indicated the comprise language that became the Home Rule Act was drafted with the explicit intention of maintaining the congressional appropriations process for the District funds. I believe Chairman Diggs’ letter leaves no confusion as to whether Congress intended to give the District budget autonomy in the Home Rule Act. Therefore, it is clear the District acted beyond its own authority to grant itself budget authority. Today’s legislation will clarify the original intent of the Home Rule Act and address any pending legal questions currently working their way through the courts. H.R. 5233 will make clear the Local Budget Autonomy Act of 2012 is not legally valid and will ensure the congressional intent behind the Home Rule Act is preserved. It will also prevent a potential violation of the Antideficiency Act protecting District government employees from administrative and criminal penalties. Ultimately, the unilateral action, as taken by the District in this instance, to subsume congressional authority is unacceptable. H.R. 5233 recognizes this need for exclusive congressional authority and stewardship. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to support the bill and place budget authority for the District firmly back in the hands of Congress, the sole place where it was intended to be located. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am happy to speak of my friendship with the chairman of our full committee, and I thank him for his kind words. I only hope he will come to where the two past immediate Republican chairs of the committee—former Chairman Davis and formerChairman DARRELL ISSA—have come and, that is, to support budget autonomy for the District of Columbia. I rise in strong opposition to this bill. This bill, that would repeal a law approved by 83 percent of the District of Columbia voters, would nullify a court ruling and would permanently take away the authority of the 700,000 D.C. citizens and their elected officials to spend their local funds without congressional approval. This bill manages to be unprincipled and impractical at the same time. It is profoundly undemocratic for any Member of Congress in the 21st century to declare that he has authority over any other jurisdiction except his own. It also would harm the finances and operations of the District of Columbia. As a matter of fact, the District of Columbia Budget Autonomy Act is already in effect. The District Council has begun the process of passing its first local budget without the assistance of Federal overseers. Therefore, this bill would be the most significant reduction in the District’s authority to govern itself since Congress granted the District limited home rule in 1973. Now, as a lawyer myself, I am the first to concede that lawyers differ about the validity of the Budget Autonomy Act, even when the District was in the process of enacting it. What is indisputable, though, Mr. Speaker, is that the Budget Autonomy Act is now law; the Budget Autonomy Act has been litigated; and there is only one judicial opinion in effect. In March, the D.C. Superior Court upheld the Budget Autonomy Act. Do you believe in the rule of law? It upheld the Budget Autonomy Act. No appeal was filed, and the court ordered D.C. officials to implement it. The Superior Court of the District of Columbia then evaluated each and every legal and constitutional argument you will hear brought forward today about whether the Budget Autonomy Act violates the U.S. Constitution, the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, the Federal Antideficiency Act, and the Federal Budget and Accounting Act. All of that, every last one of it, every last provision has been litigated. The House leadership made the very same arguments in an amicus brief they filed. There are a whole gang of Members anxious to see that this one jurisdiction can’t handle its own money. The court, nevertheless, found—indeed, disposed of—all of these arguments. Specifically, the court upheld the Budget Autonomy Act and held that the Home Rule Act preserved the then existing 1973 budget process, but did not—and this is essential here—did not prohibit the District from changing the local process in the future. The charter does not. The charter is like the Constitution. Congress knew how to say: Don’t change budget matters discussed in this document. It did not do so. So it had to be interpreted, and it was interpreted by the District. The Senate of the United States, at the time of the Home Rule Act, passed budget autonomy for the District of Columbia. So you can cite the Diggs Compromise all you want to. The compromise was that budget control now is in the hands of the Congress. But you will note they have left room in the charter for budget control to come from the District. That was the compromise. There was no compromise that said that the District can never have any jurisdiction, any final say, over its local budget. This is, after all, the country that went to war over taxation without representation. Imagine saying: you folks, you can raise all the money you want to; but it doesn’t mean anything unless the Congress of the United States passes your budget. The District followed the charter procedure that was in the Diggs budget 
to pass the Budget Autonomy Act. And as the court noted, Congress had the authority to pass a disapproval resolution while the referendum was in the Congress for 30 days but this Congress did not disapprove it. The Federal courts also have evaluated the validity of the Budget Autonomy Act. A Federal district court, indeed, did find the act to be invalid. But then look at what the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia did. After receiving briefs, reading them hopefully and hearing oral argument, the higher court, the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, vacated the district court decision altogether, meaning that that initial decision against the Budget Autonomy Act had no force or effect. b1600 Instead of issuing a decision on the merits or sending the case back to the lower Federal court, the Federal appeals court, without explanation, simply remanded the case to the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, which then issued the only existing court ruling on the validity of the D.C. Budget Autonomy Act. Is there a rational reason for opposition to budget autonomy? After all, budget autonomy is not statehood, it is not independence, it doesn’t take away any of your much vaunted power. The D.C. budget autonomy act has no effect, indeed, on congressional authority over the District. Under the Budget Autonomy Act, the D.C. Council must transmit the local D.C. budget to Congress for a review period before that budget would take effect, like all other D.C. legislation under the Home Rule Act, and that is about to happen, as I speak. During the review period Congress can use expedited procedures to disapprove the budget. You see, what the District was doing here was not committing revolution. It was using the procedures in place in order to gain greater control over its own local budget. In addition, under the U.S. Constitution, Congress has total legislative authority over the District. Congress can legislate on any District matter at any time, but Congress can also delegate any or all of its legislative authority over the District, and it can take back any delegated authority at any time. In 1973, under the Home Rule Act, Congress did just that. It delegated most of its authority, its legislative authority over the District to an elected local government. Congress can delegate more or it can delegate less authority than provided in the Home Rule Act. It can repeal the Home Rule Act at any time. It can even abolish the government of the District of Columbia. My friends, I ask you: Is that enough authority for you? Over 700,000 American citizens who are not your constituents, is that enough for you? Is that enough power? Why is that not enough to satisfy any Congress of the United States? Until this Congress, Democrats were not alone in supporting budget autonomy. President George W. Bush supported D.C. budget autonomy. The Republicancontrolled Senate passed a budget autonomy bill by unanimous consent in 2003. The last two Republican chairmen, of whom I spoke today as I began to speak myself, who had the jurisdiction that Chairman CHAFFETZ now has—Tom Davis and DARRELL ISSA—actually fought for, not simply supported, but fought for budget autonomy. I think they recognized that this is a set of principles we have in common. I always thought that local control was a cardinal principle of the Republican Party. Even the Republicans’ own witnesses at the hearing on this bill who took a position on the policy of budget autonomy—and that was most of them—supported budget action. Control over the dollars raised by local taxpayers is a muchcited principle of congressional Republicans, and it happens to be central to our form of government as held by Democrats and Republicans. The exalted status of local control for Republicans, though, keeps being announced as if we need to be retaught. The Republicans did so again in their recently released budget. I quote you only one sentence: ‘‘We are humble enough,’’ Republicans said, ‘‘to admit that the Federal Government does not have all the answers.’’ That was their latest abeyance to local control for every single American jurisdiction, except the American jurisdiction that happens to be the capital of the United States. Beyond this core principle, budget autonomy has practical benefits that I don’t see how any Member of Congress can ignore. In a recent amicus brief filed by former Congressman Davis: ‘‘The benefits of budget autonomy for the District are numerous, real, and much needed. There is no drawback.’’ One of the other signatories of the brief was Alice Rivlin, a former Director of the Congressional Budget Office, also a former Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget. It is with some irony and real pain that I see come to this floor even to speak against this bill Members whose budgets are not as large as the budget of the District of Columbia, even though they come from entire, big States. The District’s budget is bigger than the budgets of 14 States. We raise that money ourselves. The District raises more than $7 billion in local funds. The District contributes more Federal taxes to the Treasury of the United States than 22 States. The District of Columbia is number one in federal taxes per capita paid to the Federal Government, and the District is in better financial shape than most cities and States in the United States, with a rainy day fund of $2.17 billion on a total budget of $13.4 billion. Budget autonomy will make the District—which, after all, has no State to fall back on— even stronger. How? Budget autonomy gives the District what every other local government in the United States enjoys: lower borrowing costs on Wall Street. Imagine having to do what the District has to do: pay a penalty because your budget has to come to a Congress that knows nothing of your city or your budget, and they get to vote on it even though your own Member does not. D.C. will also have improved agency operations, and in D.C.’s case, the removal of the threat of Federal Government shutdowns, shutting down the entire D.C. government just because Members of Congress can’t figure out what to do about the Federal Government. The Federal Government has benefits, too. Congress would no longer waste time on a budget it never amends. So budget autonomy has no downside. I am trying to figure out why anybody would want to deal with my budget. Heavens. Don’t Members have enough to do? Congress maintains total legislative control over the District, with all the Federal financial controls in place. Congress has nothing to lose, can step in at anytime they don’t like it. We are not asking for very much. It is for some loosening of Congressional control. So, for example, we would not have to pay more when we borrow on Wall Street because we are seen as involved in a twostep budgetary process; one, I might add, that is far more problematic, the Federal process, than the other, the local process. It also is ironic to note that Congress granted D.C. budget autonomy during its early years. Yesterday the Committee on Rules prevented my amendment to make the text of the Budget Autonomy Act Federal law from getting a vote. Today the appropriations subcommittee passed an appropriation rider containing the text of the very bill that is before us on this floor right now. That makes 2 days, 2 identical provisions. Just in case—just in case anybody would think that Republicans don’t mean it, they are doing it twice. What do they need? An insurance policy of identical language in case, God forbid, the Senate does not pass this bill? I predict that the Senate won’t pass this bill. So it is on you, Members of the House of Representatives, the people’s House, to take the lead in denying for the people who live in your Nation’s Capital the same control over their local budget that you, yourselves, hold so dear. You can stand on what you do today, but you won’t stand up straight because what you do today, if you vote to take away our budget autonomy bill, will not be standing on principle. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), the chief sponsor of this bill. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Utah, Chairman CHAFFETZ , for his strong statement in support of H.R. 5233, the Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. As we begin debate on this important bill, I would like to first take the opportunity to reiterate that I firmly believe that the Local Budget Autonomy Act is, indeed, unlawful and null and void. The Home Rule Act clearly provides that the District’s budget shall pass through the Federal appropriations process, preserving Congress’ role in the passage of that budget. However, because of the precedent that allowing the District to usurp the congressional authority may set, and the potential negative consequences that the District government employees may face for enforcing the Local Budget Autonomy Act, I have introduced H.R. 5233. I would further say that my good friend, the Delegate from the District of Columbia, Ms. ELEANOR HOLMES  NORTON , indeed is a friend, and I appreciate her passionate way that she always represents her constituency. While we disagree on the debate and the merits of that debate, I can’t help but acknowledge my friendship with her and, truly, her passion for the people who she serves. H.R. 5233 will repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Act and reinforce Congress’ intended role in the budgetary process. As many of you know, Congress was granted that exclusive legislative authority over the District in Article 1, section 8, clause 17. This exclusive authority was explained further in the Federalist 43 as being a crucial component in keeping the Federal Government free from potential influence by any State housing the government’s seat. There was a distinct worry that placing the seat of the Federal Government in a territory where Congress was not the sole sovereign would, indeed, impact its integrity. Therefore, the Founding Fathers saw fit to authorize Congress to create the District and act as the sole legislative authority for the District. As seen in Federalist 43, the Founding Fathers believed that Congress would delegate some of those exclusive authorities to the District, specifically the power to deal with solely local matters. In 1973, Congress made a decision to enact such legislation when they passed the Home Rule Act. b1615 In that act, Congress provided the District with the authority to have the jurisdiction over legislative matters on a limited basis. But—and this is a critically important point—Congress reserved for itself, and prohibited the District from altering, the role of Congress in the budgetary process. There can be little doubt that Congress intended to reserve that power for itself. The language of the Home Rule Act itself is clear. Both the former and the current attorney general for the District, as well as the former Mayor, believe the Local Budget Autonomy Act to be unlawful and contrary to the Home Rule Act. Mr. Irvin Nathan, the former attorney general, testified before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform that numerous sections of the Home Rule Act prohibit the District’s action. Mr. Nathan, who supports the policy, as my good friend acknowledged, who actually supports the policy of budget autonomy, even stated that he believed the Federal District Court’s opinion invalidating the Local Budget Autonomy Act was, indeed, a correct opinion. Beyond the clear language, the legislative history makes it clear, Mr. Speaker, that Congress had no intent to delegate to the District the authority for the budgetary process. In fact, Mr. Jacques DePuy, who participated in the drafting of the Home Rule Act itself, made it clear in testimony before Congress that, indeed, Congress did not intend to delegate the appropriations powers to the District. The legislative record of the Home Rule Act supports Mr. DePuy. One such piece of the record is, indeed, the Diggs letter, which the chairman referenced earlier, that was issued by Chairman Charles Diggs. The letter describes how it was clarifying the intent of Congress by making several changes, including reserving Congress’ role in the budgetary process. The Diggs letter highlighted a pivotal aspect of the congressional intent in the Home Rule Act. It represents a compromise in response to the Senate’s Home Rule Act, which actually included a form of budget autonomy. The compromise does not indicate that Congress intended to grant the District budget autonomy. To the contrary, what the Diggs compromise represents is that there could be no Home Rule Act, absent an express reservation of the role of Congress in the District’s budget process. I believe there can be no stronger statement that Congress intended to reserve its appropriation role than the fact that the Home Rule Act would have failed, absent that reservation. Importantly, both of these men, Mr. Irvin and Mr. DePuy, who support budget autonomy further believe that the District’s action is illegal and, therefore, null and void. I want to be clear on this. We are not here today to make a power grab against the District, as some would suggest. We are here, Mr. Speaker, to uphold the rule of law. At the committee’s hearing, even the chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia was forced to acknowledge that it was clear that the majority of the Members of Congress who passed the Home Rule Act intended to reserve the complete appropriations for Congress. Again, another individual who supports budget autonomy recognizes the intent of Congress. So, in moving ahead with the Local Budget Autonomy Act, the District government is usurping congressional authority, and inaction would undermine not only this institution, but all organs of government across this Nation. To suggest that any city council’s action, whether it be here in the District or in any other city in the country, could unilaterally overturn the intent of Congress would set a bad precedent. Regardless of the precedent, however, such action by local government is a blatant violation of the Supremacy Clause and, therefore, unconstitutional. Moreover, as a result of the unlawful way in which the budget autonomy is purported to have been achieved, District government employees are now at risk of the Antideficiency Act and the sanctions therein. Under the Antideficiency Act, absent a congressional appropriation, the District may not expend or obligate funds. Doing so will result in potential criminal or administrative penalties for not only the District’s elected officials, but the line level employees charged with purchasing items for the District. The GAO testified that they maintain that the Local Budget Autonomy Act violates the Home Rule Act and the Antideficiency Act, despite the superior court’s decision. H.R. 5233 would repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Act and prevent the District government employees from having to worry that the purchases they make on behalf of the District may indeed violate the law. H.R. 5233 will also augment the already clear prohibitions on the District in altering the role of Congress in the budget process, ensuring that Congress’ intent and constitutional authority, Mr. Speaker, remains in place. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) the Democratic Whip and my good friend from a neighboring jurisdiction. (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for outlining his position. We are a nation of laws. The gentleman has indicated a court has ruled on this issue—an opinion with which he disagrees—and we have a mechanism for overturning or clarifying or changing such a ruling, and that is the court system. That case may well reach the Supreme Court. I rise in opposition to this piece of legislation, which, in my opinion, is an exercise in hypocrisy. Why do I say that? That can be a harsh word. We are witnessing the party that proclaims itself to be the champion of local autonomy and less Federal Government 
involvement in local affairs—we hear that all the time—bring to this floor legislation that would do exactly the opposite. The District of Columbia’s over 700,000 American citizens deserve a form of home rule not characterized by constant and intrusive micromanaging by congressional Republicans or Democrats. Now, if I were to ask unanimous consent that we substitute the District of Columbia and perhaps include Milwaukee, Wisconsin—now, I am not going to ask for that—I am sure I would get objection. Or, if I might ask that Salt Lake City be substituted or perhaps even Baltimore, Maryland, my own city in my State, or maybe even Charlotte, North Carolina, those of us who represent those four cities would stand and say: This is not your role, Congress of the United States. Speaker RYAN just released a statement in which he said: ‘‘The current D.C. government needs to be reined in.’’ From where? From balanced budgets? From surpluses in their budgets? Reined in? They are a model, I would suggest, of fiscal responsibility. Not always, but today. But then again, none of our jurisdictions have always been such a model. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. I would say to the Speaker, in response, quite the opposite. The government and the people of the District of Columbia need to be allowed to chart their own course, which is what I think most of you say on a regular basis. It is a mystery to me—and ought to be a mystery to every American who believes in the premise that people ought to govern themselves—why House Republicans are determined to strip that ability from the 700,000 Americans who live in our Nation’s Capital. They pay taxes. They pay taxes to their local government. And we want to make that decision. I understand what the court has said and that courts may rule that way, but shouldn’t we have the patience to let the court system decide whether or not this referendum of the people of the District of Columbia is adjudged to be appropriate? The locally raised revenues from taxes and fees do not originate from the Federal Government, but from the hardworking residents of Washington. The District of Columbia has proven Congress’ wisdom in enacting the 1973 D.C. Home Rule Act time and again by managing its affairs in a fiscally responsible, democratic way. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. HOYER. The gentleman is very generous, and I appreciate it. I would say to my friends, the District of Columbia deserves the same respect that any of our governments deserve and that, in fact, we demand for them. And I always lament how the District is demeaned. When I was the majority leader, I made sure that Ms. NORTON had a vote on the floor of this House and that the Virgin Islands’ Representative had a vote on the floor of this House. One of the first things you did when you took the majority was take that away. It was not a vote that made a difference. It was a vote that was symbolic. But it gave them the opportunity to have their name as our equals, as Americans, on that board and express their opinion. Let us not take this degree of autonomy away from them. Let us respect these local citizens as you would want your local citizens respected. I urge the defeat of this legislation. If the courts tell us that they could not do this, so be it, but let us let the system work its will. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill, which is an exercise in Republican hypocrisy. We are witnessing the party that proclaims itself to be a champion of local autonomy and less Federal Government involvement in local affairs bring to this floor legislation that would do exactly the opposite. The District of Columbia deserves a form of home rule not characterized by constant and intrusive micromanaging by congressional Republicans. Speaker Ryan just released a statement in which he said—and I quote: ‘‘The current D.C. Government needs to be reined in.’’ I would say to the Speaker in response: Quite the opposite; the government and people of the District of Columbia need to be allowed to chart their own course. It is a mystery to me—and ought to be a mystery to every American who believes in the premise that people ought to govern themselves—Why House Republicans are determined to strip that ability away from the 670,000 Americans who live in our Nation’s Capital. The locally raised revenues from taxes and fees do not originate from the Federal Government but from hardworking residents of Washington. The District of Columbia has proven Congress’s wisdom in enacting the 1973 D.C. Home Rule Act time and again by managing its affairs in a fiscally responsible, democratic way. That is what this bill is, Mr. Speaker—a reminder to the people of this city that they remain unrepresented in this House and a Federal colony within a nation dedicated to democracy and fair representation. When Democrats were in the majority, we worked to give District of Columbia residents a greater voice in the Committee of the Whole. And when Republicans took the majority, one of the first acts was taking this small but important democratic tool and indication of respect away from the District’s representative and the other representatives of our U.S. territories. Now Republicans want to erode the District of Columbia’s hardearned right to govern itself. I thank my friend the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. HOLMES NORTON , for her impassioned defense of Washingtonians’ unalienable right to have a say. And I will continue to stand with her to demand that right be recognized—and in seeking for the District of Columbia the real budget autonomy, home rule, and representation in Congress that its people deserve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time does each side have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 8 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 1 minute remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ), my very good friend. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, and I thank all of the speakers here today for expressing their opinions. Today, I rise in support of retaining local budget autonomy for the District of Columbia and to express my strong opposition to H.R. 5233, Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. Now, this partisan bill would repeal a District of Columbia referendum that allowed the District to implement its own local budget without affirmative congressional approval. While this bill passed the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on a partyline vote of 22–14, I would remind this body that the committee’s last four chairmen—including Republican Chairmen, Representatives Tom Davis and DARRELL ISSA, who have studied and had substantial oversight over the D.C. government—each worked to give the District of Columbia budget autonomy. Now, some of my colleagues here may argue that the District of Columbia will loose its financial discipline under budget autonomy; however, this could not be further from the truth. Budget autonomy actually improves the operations and finances for the District of Columbia government because the District would employ financial budget experts who are focused solely on the economic growth, fiscal soundness, and stability of the District, not Members of Congress intent on ideological posturing or voting on budgets of constituencies that are not their own, with Members of those districts or those jurisdictions prohibited from voting on those measures. 
b1630 Autonomy would, in fact, lower borrowing costs, allow more accurate revenue and expenditure forecasts, improve agency operations and the removal of the threat that the Federal Government shutdowns would also shut down the District of Columbia’s government. Congress also loses no authority under budget autonomy because this body can use expedited procedures during the 30day review period or other measures that are in there. The U.S. Constitution also provides for Congress to retain authority to legislate any D.C. matter, including its local budget, at any time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. NORTON. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. PLASKETT. Now, I fear, when we leave the wellbeing of the District of Columbia to this body, this body seems to lack the will or fortitude to make equitable decisions for everyday people of this country or, more particularly, the historically disenfranchised people. This Congress seems intent on stripping away what little power those who don’t have a vote on this floor have been able to wring from the hands of the majority. It is my belief that Congress should stop wasting its time debating legislation that continues to subjugate the District of Columbia to its authority and work on passing a Federal budget that would boost the economy of the entire American people. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Before I recognize the ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, I cannot help but note, when I listen to my friend, Ms. PLASKETT , speak up for the District of Columbia, she, who comes from what is known as a territory, the Virgin Islands—isn’t it interesting—and I know she must understand it—that the Virgin Islands does not have to submit a budget to the Congress of the United States. I never have had to debate the gentlewoman’s budget here. I have never had to debate the gentlewoman’s legislation here. There is a unique denial here in the District of Columbia. That is one reason it is so roundly resented. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ), my good friend, the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. CUMMINGS. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose this bill, which would repeal the District of Columbia’s Local Budget Autonomy Act and prohibit D.C. from passing such laws in the future. I do not believe there is a Member of Congress who would stand for the Federal Government dictating the local budget of a city in his or her district, and D.C. should be treated no differently. Granting D.C. local budget autonomy is not only the right thing to do, it would also have significant financial benefits for the District, such as lowering borrowing costs. It would also mean an end to the threat of a cutoff of D.C. municipal services in the event of a Federal Government shutdown. I also want to express my disappointment that some Members have threatened jail for D.C. employees who implement the Autonomy Act. The threat is backwards. The only court ruling in effect on this law upheld it and ordered all District employees to implement it. House Republicans have taken a regrettable turn in their approach to D.C. home rule. The last four chairmen of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, including Republicans Tom Davis and DARRELL ISSA, sought to give the District more home rule and more budget autonomy, not less. Yet, in this Congress, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee has passed legislation to overturn a District law that prohibits employment discriminating based on reproductive health decisions and launched an investigation into the District’s marijuana legalization initiative. This bill is not only unprincipled. It is simply bad policy. The former counsel for the District of Columbia Committee and the majority’s own hearing witness said this: ‘‘It is the duly elected representatives for the citizens of the District of Columbia who should determine how taxpayer money is spent.’’ We hear a lot of rhetoric about devolving authority to local governments. Yet, this bill tramples on local government and the will of their local citizens. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to reject this bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to be clear about my motives and intentions. I find it curious when other Members try to prescribe my feelings and my approach to this issue. It is my belief, and support of this legislation is based on the Constitution. It is that simple to me. Article I, section 8, clause 17, says: ‘‘To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District,’’ and it continues on. The District of Columbia is more than just a local jurisdiction. It is more than just a local city. It is our Nation’s Capital. I think what the founders were intending to do was to understand and allow participation for Members all over this country in the affairs of the city. That was the intention, and that is what is in the Constitution. Don’t be confused or misled or allow anybody else to prescribe my motives and my motivation, my belief, in the District of Columbia because it is rooted, first and foremost, in the Constitution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains on both sides, please? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 13 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Just as lawyers have disagreed about whether or not the District could proceed with budget autonomy, lawyers have disagreed from the beginning of our Nation on what the Constitution says. I would take at his word what James Madison said in speaking of the District of Columbia: ‘‘A municipal legislature for local purposes, derived from their own suffrages, will of course be allowed to them.’’ That is what, according to Madison, the Constitution said. Now, my friends have cited all manner of lawyers and their own views on whether this matter is legal or constitutional. They have even cited the interpretation of staff who helped draft the Home Rule Act. Well, we stand this afternoon on the only authoritative opinion, the opinion of the Superior Court and its court order. And I leave with you that order. 
Ordered that all members of the Council of the District of Columbia, Mayor Muriel E. Bowser, Chief Financial Officer, Jeffrey S. DeWitt, their successors in office, and all officers, agents, servants, employees, and all persons in active concert or participation with the Government of the District of Columbia shall forthwith enforce all provisions of the Local Budget Autonomy Act of 2012. 
That is the law. Respect the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of H.R. 5233. I am proud of the fact that, in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, we had a hearing, we had a proper markup, and we are bringing it here to the floor today for all Members to vote on. I would urge my colleagues to adhere to the Constitution. Do what the Constitution says and support the bill, H.R. 5233. I want to thank again Mr. MEADOWS  for his work and leadership on this and getting us to this point. I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 5233, the Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. The legislation seeks to overturn a local statute in Washington, D.C., the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, a measure that was passed by the Washington, D.C. 
City Council, approved by the Mayor, and subsequently ratified by D.C. voters by ballot initiative with an overwhelming 83 percent of the vote. The Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, the BAA, gave the District of Columbia authority to determine its own budget without getting approval from Congress. H.R. 5233 removes this authority and prohibits D.C. from passing any budget autonomy legislation in the future. Washington, D.C. voters want budget autonomy. Washington D.C. voters deserve budget autonomy. They have already voted for it, passed it, and ratified it. When it was challenged by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and the D.C. Superior Court upheld its validity. This should be a done deal. But instead of focusing on the critical issues facing this body—passing a budget for instance, which we were required by law to do last month—the House of Representatives has decided to focus on this. I remind those here today and watching at home that Washington D.C. is a Federal District. Congress maintains the power to overturn laws approved by the D.C. Council and can vote to impose laws on the district, as it is trying to do right with this particular measure. Washington D.C.’s Delegate to the House of Representatives, my good friend ELEANOR  HOLMES NORTON , who has served in this body for 24 years, is not permitted to vote on final passage of any legislation, let alone legislation directly intended to govern the jurisdiction which she was elected to serve. Congresswoman NORTON described the measure in question as ‘‘the most significant abuse of congressional authority over the District of Columbia since passage of the Home Rule Act in 1973.’’ One might hope that Congress would consider the wishes of the sole Representative of Washington, D.C. and the nearly 700,000 residents of the District. But, as we see today, that simply isn’t the case. Congress is currently undergoing its own appropriations process, and I need not remind everyone here that Republicans haven’t even passed a budget. We have missed deadline after deadline and are now moving ahead without setting a budget at all. How can anyone tell me that the District of Columbia should yield to the budgetary wisdom of the House Majority when they can’t even get their own act together to pass a budget? The issue of Home Rule has come up before in this body. In recent years, House Republicans have challenged the District of Columbia on issues ranging from the legalization of marijuana, access to reproductive health care, and charter schools, in all three instances forcing their will over the desires of the residents of D.C. This needs to stop. Given the numerous pressing and timesensitive matters facing this body, I can’t help but feel bewildered as to why we are spending our time on this measure. What is more confusing is our current efforts to undo a measure that was passed by an overwhelming majority of D.C. residents and subsequently upheld in the courts. Meanwhile, Republicans continue to ignore our nation’s crumbling infrastructure, income inequality, the need for jobs, immigration reform, and sensible gun control, not to mention the Federal budget, yet we are debating a measure that would further rollback the clock on the rights of D.C. residents. Where are our priorities? Let me put it another way—why should Congressional dysfunction keep the District government from using tax revenues paid by District residents to pick up trash? Why should Congressional dysfunction keep the District from spending its own money on its own priorities? I will note that Representatives Tom Davis and DARRELL ISSA, both members of the Majority and former Chairmen of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform each supported the idea of budget autonomy for Washington, D.C. Budget autonomy means lower borrowing costs and more accurate revenue and expenditure forecasts. It means improved government operations and removing the threat of government shutdown for Washington, D.C.’s local government. It means streamlining Congressional operations. Most importantly, it means giving residents of Washington, D.C., the right to make decisions for themselves. These are all things we should all be overwhelmingly support of. We should move on and focus on the real issues before us. It is past time for Congress to get out of the way of the will of the residents of D.C. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following: 
MAY25, 2016. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives. Hon. HARRY REID, Democratic Leader, U.S. Senate. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives. DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , DEMOCRATIC LEADER REID, SPEAKER RYAN, 
ANDDEMOCRATIC LEADER PELOSI : This week, the House of Representatives is voting on H.R. 5233, the Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016. I strongly oppose this legislation as well as any effort to overturn the District of Columbia’s budget autonomy law with a rider to any appropriations bill. Budget autonomy was approved by the voters and upheld in the courts. I have proposed our 21st consecutive balanced budget in accordance with the prevailing law and I expect the Council of the District of Columbia to do the same. As is the case with all DC laws, the approved 2017 DC budget will be submitted to Congress for passive review. The American people expect their congressional representatives to focus on the issues affecting our nation—safety and security, fair wages, and growing the middle class— not on the local budget of DC. The District has a strong track record of administering our government finances responsibly. We have passed and implemented a balanced budget every year for the last 21 years and our General Fund balance—which currently stands at $2.17 billion—is the envy of other jurisdictions. Our bond rating is AA by S&P and Fitch and Aa1 by Moody’s as a result of the District’s strong, institutionalized and disciplined financial management and long track record of balanced budgets and clean audits. Our debt obligations remain within the 12 percent limit of total General Fund expenditures and the District’s pension and Other PostEmployment Benefit Plan (OPEB) remain wellfunded. The vast majority of the District of Columbia’s budget is locallygenerated revenue (such as property and sales taxes) or federal grant funds received in the same manner as any other state. In fact, the vast majority of our $13.4 billion budget is raised locally. In recent years, only about one percent, or about $130 million, has been a direct federal payment to the District, and that amount remains subject to active appropriation by Congress. About 25 percent of our budget, or $3.3 billion, is federal grants and Medicaid payments that are made to every other state. The District of Columbia operates as a state, county, and city, administering federal block grant programs, health and human services programs, transportation infrastructure, homeland security services, and other governmental duties typically overseen by governors. It is time that Congress recognizes the District’s financial maturity and responsibility and allows us to approve our own budget without first seeking a congressional appropriation. Budget autonomy also supports good government by helping the District of Columbia plan its finances more efficiently. For instance, tying our budgeting process to the congressional appropriations process requires us to rely on outdated revenue and uncertain expenditure projections, which in turn results in more uncertainty and budget reprogramming. Also, Congress has not completed its appropriations process on time since 1996. Without budget autonomy, each time congressional appropriations are delayed, the finalization of the District’s budget is also delayed. If the District cannot spend its own locallyraised revenue (as occurred in 2013) by the start of the fiscal year, the operations of the District and the well being of its residents are put at risk. Budget autonomy relieves us of this inefficiency and uncertainty. Budget autonomy will also improve our already excellent bond ratings. The rating agencies are keenly interested in predictability. Tying the District’s budget to the congressional appropriations process hurts our credit rating which unjustly punishes District taxpayers who have no voting representation in either the U.S. House of Representatives or the U.S. Senate. Further, it is important to note that budget autonomy does not exclude Congress from the District’s budget approval process. Each annual budget for the District of Columbia will be submitted to Congress for a 30day period of review under the Home Rule Act. During that time period (and, for that matter, even after that time period), Congress is able to reject the District’s budget or modify it as Congress sees fit. Budget autonomy does not mean that Congress no longer has a say in the District’s budget. It just means that we have a more efficient and productive way of passing our budget and thus a more efficient and productive way to serve the residents, visitors, and businesses in the District. With the move to pass H.R. 5233, Congress is unnecessarily restricting local government control and further denying democracy to the residents of the District of Columbia. I ask for your support in putting aside any attempts to overturn local control of our budget and our ability to operate our government more efficiently. Sincerely, MURIEL BOWSER , Mayor. 
SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF  COLUMBIA CIVILDIVISION  Council of the District of Columbia, Plaintiff, and Muriel E. Bowser, in her official capacity as Mayor of the District of Columbia, IntervenorPlaintiff, v. Jeffrey S. DeWitt, in 
his official capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia, Defendant. Case No. 2014 CA 2371 B, Calendar 12, Judge Brian F. Holeman. 
ORDER OF JUDGMENT  Upon consideration of the Omnibus Order of March 18, 2016, it is on this 18th day of March 2016, hereby ORDERED, that Judgment is entered in favor of Plaintiff Council of the District of Columbia and IntervenorPlaintiff Muriel E. Bowser, in her official capacity as Mayor of the District of Columbia and against Defendant Jeffrey S. DeWitt, in his official capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia; and it is further ORDERED, that all members of the Council of the District of Columbia, Mayor Muriel E. Bowser, Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. DeWitt, their successors in office, and all officers, agents, servants, employees, and all persons in active concert or participation with the Government of the District of Columbia SHALL FORTHWITH enforce all provisions of the Local Budget Autonomy Act of 2012. BRIAN F. H OLEMAN , Judge. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 744, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. CONNOLLY. I am in its current form. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I have listened with great, rapt attention this afternoon to my friends, Mr. CHAFFETZ  and Mr. MEADOWS , who have gone on eloquently about protecting the Constitution of the United States at, of course, the collateral expense of the people of the District of Columbia. They cite the Constitution as if the Constitution and the Founders who wrote it were fully cognizant of the evolution that was going to take place in the District of Columbia when we know, as a historical fact, the Constitution was actually written before there was a District of Columbia, let alone almost 700,000 American citizens still denied voting representation in this body today. In fact, that very Constitution my friends cite protected slavery, decided that certain people of color were only worth threefifths of the normal mortal, but allowed the South to count them for the purposes of representation in this body. The same Constitution. We changed it. We took cognizance of changes in reality. The fact that you exercise your will over an entire city just because you can does not make it right or noble. In fact, if we follow the logic of my friends on the other side of the aisle, why not just take over the daytoday mechanics of running the government of the city? So let’s do rezoning. Let’s do emergency preparedness. Let’s run the police department. Let’s run the EMT and the fire department. Let’s take over mental health facilities and human services. Why go only halfway? Why go only halfway? I am curious. What is it about the budget that is so sacred? All the rest you are going to let go. This final amendment, Mr. Speaker, will preserve a small modicum of the District’s control over local taxpayer dollars to prevent and treat the emerging threat of Zika. If adopted, we can move to immediate final passage of the bill. Although we may disagree—and do— on the underlying purpose of the bill, surely we can agree on the seriousness of the Zika threat. There have already been 4 reported cases of travelassociated Zika here in the District, 15 in the Commonwealth of Virginia, my home State, and 17 in Maryland. It may seem foreign to some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but in the National Capital Region, the two States, D.C., and the region’s local governments actually have a rich tradition of working together, including in public health. Working through the Council of Governments, which I used to chair, our local and State partners regularly come together. The District of Columbia needs to be a full partner in those regional efforts so that it cannot be placed in a position of having to come to Congress to actually ask for permission before spending its own local dollars on Zika prevention and education. b1645 I might add, it is not just the people of the District of Columbia who will be at risk if we are not addressing Zika in an efficacious way; it is the 12 million constituents, the people my friend from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) represents and that I represent who come to this city every year to visit the Nation’s Capital. Will we protect them? Or will we dither here in Congress? There is irony in that, isn’t there? Because we can’t get our own budget together. We can’t pass our own appropriations bills, but we are going to secondguess the local government here in the District of Columbia because somehow we do it better? I don’t think there is a neutral observer who would conclude that. But we are going to do it cloaked in the respectability of a constitutional argument that is, I believe, false and antiquated—not because the Constitution is antiquated, but because what was known in the late 18th century at the time of the writing of the Constitution is different today. Are we going to return to the plantation mentality Congress used to have with respect to the District of Columbia? Or are we actually going to act on principle here, not ideology? We are not going to fire up our base or the rightwing radio talk show hosts. We are actually going to do the right thing—the right thing for 700,000 fellow citizens—and let them have an ounce of decency with respect to their own self determination. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, my friend opposite—and I say that in the most authentic and complete terms because, indeed, the gentleman is my friend—raises a point of debate about the Constitution and the fact that explicitly in the Constitution, our Founding Fathers reserved this particular authority in Article I, section 8, clause 17, which shows the wisdom of our Founding Fathers to anticipate what, indeed, we are debating here today. For many of the other arguments that my good friend has made in terms of what we need to change, there is the appropriate place for those changes to be made, and that is exactly what this debate has been about. It is about the rule of law; it is about the Constitution; and it is about this institution being the proper place to make those determinations on behalf of the will of We the People. Now, the motion to recommit talks about Zika funding. And I might remind the gentleman that, indeed, in this very body within the last few days, 
we have already passed funding to address the Zika virus’ potential healthcare concern; and, indeed, this is the correct body for us to do that. It is not the District of Columbia or any other municipality across the country. It is, indeed, this body, the role for this particular body that has been reserved constitutionally; and it has been that way since the very founding of this great country we all call home. I would also add that, as we start to look at this, the debate has been over local control. And when we start to see the debate that continues to play out, this particular issue was reserved in the Constitution, and it was solely that of Congress to have all legislative power over the District. Now, is that somehow inconsistent with the fact that we want to make sure that all control is local? It is not. Because as we look at that, we must, indeed, make sure that we stand up. And I would ask all of my colleagues to look at the very foundation of who we are as an institution, as Members of Congress. To allow the Budget Autonomy Act to stand in place would not only usurp the authority—the congressional authority—that has been given to us in our Constitution but, indeed, it would undermine it for future Congresses to come. So it is with great humility, but also with great passion, that I would urge my colleagues to defeat the motion to recommit, knowing that we have already addressed the particular funding requirement that the gentleman from Virginia brings up—defeat the motion to recommit, and support the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15minute vote on adoption of the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; adoption of the motion to commit on S. 2012; and passage of S. 2012, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 179, nays 239, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NAYS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Bustos Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Mooney (WV) O’Rourke Rice (NY) Speier Takai Yarmuth 
b1711 Messrs. NEUGEBAUER and FITZPATRICK changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. VARGAS, COHEN, PRICE of North Carolina, and POCAN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Ms. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, on the Legislative Day of May 25, 2016, a series of votes was held. Had I been present for these rollcall votes, I would have cast the following vote: Rollcall 247—I vote ‘‘yes.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 179, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Grothman Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Mooney (WV) O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 248, I was in a very important meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to commit on the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes, offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the motion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to commit. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 178, nays 239, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NAYS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barletta Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Kaptur Mooney (WV) O’Rourke Rice (NY) Scott, David Takai Yarmuth 
b1723 So the motion to commit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 241, noes 178, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOES—178 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zeldin NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) McDermott Mooney (WV) O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b1731 Mr. FRANKS of Arizona changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote No. 250 on S. 2012, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
REPORT ON H.R. 5325, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–594) on the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE ON S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 744, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Barton moves that the House insist on its amendment to S. 2012 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ) is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I won’t take nearly that much time. This motion authorizes a conference on S. 2012. This is a bill that will update our national energy policy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON). The motion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Grijalva moves that the managers on the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the House amendment to the bill S. 2012 (an Act to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes) be instructed to insist on inclusion of section 5002 of S. 2012. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) and the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, the Democratic motion would instruct House conferees to insist that section 5002 of S. 2012 be included in the final conference report on this energy package. Section 5002 of the Senate bill would permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund and make other minor changes to the program. The Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 is based on a simple idea. If we are going to allow Big Oil to make huge profits from drilling off our coasts, then a small percentage of those profits should be set aside for parks and recreational opportunities onshore. The oil and gas on the Outer Continental Shelf belongs to all our constituents, so it is only right that all of our constituents should see the same benefit when Big Oil develops these resources. Fifty years later, the program has been a huge success. More than $36 billion has accrued to the fund. Millions of acres have been conserved and projects have been funded in every State in the Union. Meanwhile, the companies paying into the fund have become some of the most profitable multinational conglomerates in human history. Over the same five decades, States with large amounts of public land have developed robust tourism and recreation economies, with job and economic opportunities and a quality of life attractive enough to make them among the fastest growing communities in the country. By investing and expanding recreational opportunities, Congress gets a significant return on its investment as outdoor recreation generates $646 billion in spending each year, supports 6.1 million jobs, and $39.9 billion in tax revenue. The Land and Water Conservation Fund benefits people. It benefits the environment. It benefits companies and allows them to drill off our shores. It benefits the Federal budget. It benefits those mainly western States with lots of public land. It is a winwinwin. Our colleagues in the Senate saw fit to include permanent reauthorization for LWCF in the Senatepassed energy bill, a bill which received overwhelming support, including most Republicans. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is pretty popular here in the House as well. My legislation to permanently reauthorize the program, H.R. 1814, has 207 bipartisan cosponsors. There is no doubt that many of the provisions in the House and Senate energy bills are controversial. It is, frankly, difficult to see a path toward a bipartisan conference report. In such a contentious conference situation, a provision reauthorizing a program as widely popular as LWCF would play a constructive role in moving toward consensus. Section 5002 from the Senate bill should be absolutely included in the conference report. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to the motion. I appreciate that this is a nonbinding resolution, so I have to appreciate the fact that—hopefully, I think I will be one of the conferees—the instructions tell me to do what I already can do. At this time, we are looking at a program that does not necessarily fit with the goal of the rest of the bill. Look, everything that we are doing in this entire bill that we just passed was to support Houseendorsed programs. This now asks us to do something that has never been endorsed by the House. In fact, it is quite the opposite. So, when the Land and Water Conservation Fund was first established back in 1965, the goal was that 60 percent of all the revenue that is generated would go to local governments to build what they call the state assistance grant program. That program is widely popular. In fact, unfortunately, most people think that that 60 percent, as originally intended, is the entire Land and Water Conservation Fund. The sad part is that, over the years, that 60 percent has dwindled away and is no longer a statutory mandate. It dwindled down to like 16 percent of all that money was going to those stateside widely popular programs to help local governments come up with recreation opportunities for their citizens. That part that everyone supports had dwindled from 60 down to 16 percent. The rest of the money went for the Federal Government to acquire more property. Now, if you think about this rationally for a second, we are putting more money into the Federal Government to acquire more property when the Federal Government already has a $20 billion backlog in the maintenance of what we already have. Park Service alone has a $12 billion backlog in the maintenance of the programs we already have. So what we are basically trying to do in this motion to instruct is to tell us to go in there and fight for money to go to a program to get more land when we can’t actually manage what we want. If the program was to go and say it would be mandatory for local governments to be able to pick and choose their recreation opportunity, then you have got something that makes sense, but that is not what the Senate has tried to do in their appropriations. Now, last December, the House did vote on this issue when it reauthorized the Land and Water Conservation Fund for 3 more years. But what they did in that process is do, at least, the first step of the reform by saying, if you are going to do it for 3 more years, at least, at least as a minimum 50 percent has to go to the States, and then you can spend the other 50 percent for this quixotic effort to control all the land in America. But at least do that. Now, unfortunately, that, at least, is a reform to make the process better. But this motion to instruct would tell us to even go back from that and would not even put that modest type of reform into the program. At the minimum, that should be the way. It should not be a process where we try and walk back from what we have already done. It should not be a process where we forget what the original intent of this program is. It should not be a process in which we add to the Federal estate when we can’t manage what we already have. It should not be a process that basically has been abused from the intent of 1965. So, with that, I appreciate the offer to instruct me to do what I can already do. I appreciate that this is still nonbinding. It is a nice concept, nice spirit. There is a better way. We did a better way before. We can come up with a better way now. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. Let’s move this stuff along as quickly as we can. I already said what we are supposed to do. If we are really serious about these instructions, let’s do an instruction that actually moves us forward. I know that they are still just simply nonbinding issues. It is kind of cute, but it doesn’t move the body forward and it certainly does not support House backed positions. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Some of the claims that the Land and Water Conservation Fund is some kind of a slush fund are completely false. All LWCF expenditures are approved by Congress through the appropriations process. The proposed land acquisitions are developed over many years after a public land management 
planning process. This is a far more responsible and transparent process than many Federal expenditures, and it is opposite of a slush fund. The allegation that the Land and Water Conservation Fund has drifted from its original intent is also false. The purpose of the program is to provide balance. As we allow oil companies to reap massive profits from Federal oil reserves, we should set some of the revenue aside for conservation purposes, and that is still what LWCF does today. Funding for State matching grants has fluctuated over the years, but that is not a drift. That is the result of previous Congress’ appropriations decisions, many of which were made during Republican Congresses. b1745 The truth is, LWCF is under attack precisely because for 50 years it has not drifted from its conservation goals. We do not need to rob LWCF in order to pay the maintenance costs. Federal land management agencies have maintenance backlogs because Congress refuses to give them the funding they deserve and need. Any Member concerned about backlogged maintenance should contact the Committee on Appropriations immediately and express support for an increase in maintenance budgets. You can do this without gutting LWCF. Finally, LWCF is not a Federal land grab. At least 40 percent of LWCF money goes to States in the form of matching grants. The Federal funding is targeted at inholdings, already surrounded by Federal land. Acquiring an inholding does not increase the size of the Federal footprint. Buying inholdings can provide access to parcels that are closed because there is no public access route. These purchases are from willing sellers. These are people who want to sell their land. Those who oppose this motion to instruct or oppose LWCF are part of a larger campaign to hand over all remaining open space to private development. Oil and gas companies, mining conglomerates, timber companies, real estate developers, and large scale agribusinesses would love to get their hands on the open space in the West. Some in Congress want to help them, and they see LWCF standing in the way because it conserves open space for public and not private use. Congress should reauthorize and strengthen this program. We face more habitat fragmentation, greater urban sprawl, and more severe climate change than ever before. It is time to double down on the promise of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, not fold so developers can cash out. The energy bill is the place to do that, and I urge the adoption of the motion to instruct. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CULBERSON ). Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to instruct. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 5055, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Idaho? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 743 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5055. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1849 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) had been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 80, line 12. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the request for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) be withdrawn to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). The amendment was rejected. AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . PITTENGER  
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in full support of this very critical amendment. The objective of this amendment is to prohibit the President of the United States from restricting funds to go to North Carolina. The President’s emissaries have stated through the Department of Transportation, Department of Education, Department of Justice, Department of Housing and Urban Development, and, yes, through Valerie Jarrett and through his press secretary, Josh Earnest, that funds should not be dispensed to North Carolina until North Carolina is coerced into complying with the legal beliefs of the President and his political views. We believe that this is an egregious abuse of executive power and that the State of North Carolina should not be required to comply with the President’s wishes. The President is not a monarch; he is not a dictator; he doesn’t issue fiats. We are a constitutional divided government. This amendment I am offering today stops the President from bullying States, stops the President from bullying North Carolina. What he seeks to do in North Carolina, he has sought to do around the country. He has sent letters to the Departments of Education in every State giving them guidelines. Already 11 States in the country have sued the Federal Government over the abuse of these egregious powers. This is not a fight about a city ordinance with wording that was poorly edited or about a legislature. This is about a constitutional divided government. To that end, I would submit to our colleagues in the House of Representatives that it is critical that we address this and we rein in this President, who has time and again used his authority and abused his power; that we must submit to the President and to the will of the people that we are a country of the people, by the people, and for the people, and this is a constitutionally divided government. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in support of this amendment. 
President Obama and his administration are threatening to remove Federal funding to North Carolina’s educators, law enforcement, and critical infrastructure as punishment for its passage of the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act. This is despite the fact that this administration’s lawsuit against North Carolina is still pending and unresolved. Simply put, our courts have not yet found North Carolina in violation of the law. To punish or to threaten to punish North Carolina before our courts have properly ruled on the case violates our Constitution. It is for our courts, not President Obama, to adjudicate whether someone has violated the law. Further, our Nation was founded on the strength of diverse values. During this time of heated rhetoric, we must focus on maintaining a civil society where the government does not punish people for what they believe, but allows an open discourse to all where all are free to follow their beliefs. This is why this amendment is necessary—to protect North Carolinians from President Obama’s executive overreach and maintain our constitutional system. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I submit to my colleagues in the House of Representatives that now is the time that we must stand. We cannot allow the President of the United States to continue to bully. We must wait on the adjudication by this court action with the Department of Justice. We must wait and allow the people to decide and make these determinations through its constitutionally divided government. I thank my colleagues, and I thank Mr. SIMPSON for his leadership on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I would like to assure the Members that the following amendment is the one that we are debating: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this act may be used to revoke funding previously awarded to or within the State of North Carolina.’’ Is this the amendment that the gentleman is offering? The Acting CHAIR. Amendment No. 34, as printed in the CONGRESSIONAL  RECORD , is pending. Ms. KAPTUR. Okay. I thank the Chair so very much. In such case, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment which ties the hands of several departments—certainly the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Reclamation, all of our independent agencies that are contained in the bill, like Denali and Northern Border—from making responsible financial decisions and basic oversight of Federal dollars going into North Carolina. I find it interesting that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle support this amendment, as they normally are such strong supporters of fiscal responsibility and government accountability and fiscal oversight. Prohibiting the Federal Government from being able to withhold or revoke funding in a particular State would abandon that principle. How do we know that contractors are meeting their obligations? How do we know that criminal activity is not occurring inside the State of North Carolina related to Federal expenditures in that State? If this amendment were accepted, the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers—these are huge contracting departments—would be prohibited from conducting investigations of performance issues related to contracts or financial assistance awards. The departments could not terminate financial assistance agreements for material noncompliance. I don’t think that the gentleman wishes to promote irresponsibility, but I think that is what his amendment actually does. If an award winner wanted to terminate their relationship with one of the departments or agencies under our bill for whatever reason, the Federal Government could not accept that termination. This throws a wrench into every Federal project inside of your State. I don’t think the gentleman really wants to do that. If an organization which receives funding, for example, from the Department of Energy commits fraud, the Department of Energy has no recourse. They can’t report on the performance of the organization because it could prevent them from winning future awards. I can think of no greater irresponsible or unjust system than building on restrictions that deny the American people a proper functioning oversight by the Federal Government, including the literally billions of dollars that go into the State of North Carolina. Those don’t only come from our committee or our subcommittee, but they are significant. I must oppose this amendment. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON). b1800 Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I actually support this amendment, and I don’t think it was as drastic as was just characterized by the ranking member. The fact is you can still have oversight; you can still do what is necessary to make sure that contractors at various sites are doing their job; it doesn’t mean that you just have to pay them no matter what. The reality is that this administration, as we all know, is using its pen and phone to execute executive orders, and they are punishing the State of North Carolina because they don’t like something that North Carolina did. It is in a court. And the Federal Government should not have the ability to come in and prejudge the outcome of that determination by the court by withholding funds from the State of North Carolina simply because it doesn’t like what North Carolina did. So this is a good amendment, and I compliment the gentleman for bringing it forward. We have got numerous provisions in this bill to stop the administration and their efforts to impose policies without regard to current law or the support of the Congress. I compliment the gentleman. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I submit this is a good amendment. I do believe that what we do with this amendment is prevent the egregious abuse of power by our President and allow the adjudication of this process to be completed by the Justice Department. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). The gentleman will avoid inappropriate references to the President. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have remaining, please? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I hate to disagree with the chairman of our subcommittee. But let me just say that the amendment actually reads: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this act may be used to revoke funding previously awarded.’’ ‘‘None of the funds.’’ That means there can be no oversight. If criminal activity is occurring, none of the funds may be used to revoke funding previously awarded. What kind of an amendment is this? This is a very irresponsible amendment, and it shouldn’t be on this bill. If the gentleman has got some problem down there he wants to solve, we will be happy to work with him on that on. But I think to tie the hands of our government in making sure that every taxpayer dollar is properly managed and has oversight is really wrongheaded. Again, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Pittenger amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. About an hour ago, this House of Representatives kicked off a new quarter in the ongoing California water war. This House passed a piece of legislation that will ultimately gut the Endangered Species Act; the Clean Water Act; the biological opinions protecting salmon and smelt; the health of the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere, the San Francisco Bay; and salmon up and down the Pacific Coast. This amendment is designed to stop the ultimate threat to the California SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta and San Francisco Bay. The ultimate threat is the twin tunnels that are being proposed by the Brown administration, tunnels that are sized at 15,000 cubicfeetpersecond capacity, tunnels that have the capability to take half or take all of the water out of the Sacramento River. Six months of the year, the Sacramento River flows somewhere between 12,000 and 18,000 cubic feet per second. These tunnels, if ever built, will be capable of literally sucking the Sacramento River dry and destroying the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. This amendment is designed to protect the delta by denying the State of California the opportunity to use the Federal Government to build such a destructive system. We don’t need that system. There are solutions to the delta problem. There are solutions that are capable of addressing the water issues of California. They have been proposed for many, many years. But this particular proposal that has been on the books for, now, nearly half a decade is the ultimate vampire ditch that will suck the Sacramento River dry and destroy the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. It is not needed. It is, at a minimum, a $15 billion boondoggle that will not create 1 gallon of new water. It will only destroy. It will be the ultimate death. Some day, what was proved here in the House of Representatives not more than an hour ago, some day the votes will be there both in the House of Representatives and in the Senate and a bill will be sent to the President that will not be able to be vetoed. We will see the death of the largest estuary, the most important estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere from Alaska to Chile. There is no other place like this. The solutions are known. They have been proposed. They have been out there. Build the infrastructure. I have introduced a bill that would provide the Federal Government to work with the State government, in proposition 1 at the State level, to bring into harmony reservoirs, underground aquifers, conservation, recycling, desalinization, community water supplies. It is in the legislation. It is available to us today. All of that, without destroying the delta and also operating it in such a manner that we let science determine what to do—not legislation, not legislation here, not the desire of the Governor of California, but, rather, science. Where are the fish? Are they going to be harmed? Ramp the pumps down. If they are not going to be harmed, then turn the pumps on—very simple. But the solution that passed the House today doesn’t do that. Oh, it gives some bypassing words to the Endangered Species Act, to the biological opinions. But, in reality, what it does, it says turn the dam pumps on anyway. Let them rip. Let them destroy the delta. This bill speaks to the second threat to the delta—not the legislation that was passed today, but the issue that is before the California voters in November, the issue that is before the California Legislature and others today— and that issue is: Should the tunnels be built? The tunnels must never be built. They must never be built because they are the ultimate existential threat to the delta. With their size, 15,000 cubic feet per second, they are perfectly capable of taking all of the water out of the Sacramento River half of the year. Don’t ever build something that is so destructive. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I really wish on this floor that there was a requirement that we had to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Mr. Chairman, the amendment that is being offered here, there is a huge exaggeration that is going on now. There were periods this past year alone, just in the last few months, that there were 150,000 cubic feet per second flowing through that delta. Now, these tunnels, I do not believe are the ultimate solution for the delta and for the valley, but I do believe that taking more options off the table and an option that, actually, the Governor of California—a close friend of the person that offered this amendment—does support, and making sure that we have an honest debate as we go forward to solve the problems of the delta, that we have to have all options on the table. I have looked for every opportunity to have an honest dialogue across the aisle. We have had those conversations. Those who were in the room with us walked away and told the press they never existed or were never a part of them. Now they are coming back and asking for those same private conversations again, and we are not going to play that game anymore. We want to make sure we have an honest dialogue. In conference, as this bill moves forward and as long as language is there, we have the opportunity to have that dialogue and keep those options on the table that the Governor of California actually supports. Anybody who supports this amendment is actually closing more opportunities for us to have that open dialogue, so I rise in opposition to this. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, here we go. This last winter, as the gentleman pointed out, actually upwards of 200,000 cubic feet per second were moving through the delta. On days like that, we were pumping 2,300 cubic feet per second at the pumps. Now, the Governor believes—and many believe—that the solution, because they were afraid it was going to reverse flow, the delta, when 200,000 cubic feet are moving through the delta, is to build these tunnels. And now, if these tunnels are built, we are saying we are going to suck dry the Sacramento River. Come on. That couldn’t happen. We can’t even pump up to the biological opinion. We are not talking about eviscerating the Endangered Species Act. We are talking about pumping water up to the biological opinion of 5,000 cubic feet per second. We all know that those pumps are capable of pumping up to 11,000 cubic feet per second. They couldn’t even pump 15,000 cubic feet per second, because they can only go up to 11,000 cubic feet. Saying that, this is a solution that is on the table. It has been thought out. It costs a lot of money. I know there are some questions that have to be answered. But the solution that the gentleman keeps bringing up is a solution that nobody can agree to. So we are doing the best we can in the majority to make sure that we 
have water for the people in the Central Valley—and, by the way, for southern California, where our economy is suffering because of this; certainly, the Central Valley is suffering because of this—and to come up with solutions that can work. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, again, I have to rise in opposition to this. I think we have to have an open dialogue on water legislation going forward, and it obviously needs to be transparent and open for the world to see. We have tried working quietly with some folks and, obviously, that didn’t produce anything. This is the next best option: having that option to have an open dialogue with all options on the table. We already have the option that is being performed today, where my district is suffering, unemployment is through the roof, and people are truly suffering, and that needs to be fixed. We are asking for a simple solution to this. Legislation has been introduced. It has been part of a couple pieces of legislation now. I think it is a very reasonable request, and I strongly recommend a ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). The amendment was rejected. b1815 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. GOSAR (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense amendment that will protect American jobs and our economy by prohibiting funds from being used to implement the Obama administration’s flawed social cost of carbon valuation. This job killing and unlawful guidance sneakily attempts to pave the way for capandtradelike mandates. Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected capandtrade proposals. Knowing that he can’t lawfully enact a carbon tax plan, President Obama is attempting to circumvent Congress by playing loose and fast with the Clean Air Act and unilaterally implementing this unlawful new requirement under the guise of guidance. The committee was wise to raise concern about the administration’s abuse of the social cost of carbon valuation in the report. My amendment explicitly prohibits funds from being used to implement this deeply flawed guidance in the bill text. The House voted in favor of similar measures to reject the social cost of carbon four times last Congress and multiple times over the past couple of years. Roger Martella, a selfdescribed, lifelong environmentalist and career environmental lawyer, testified at the May 2015 House Natural Resources Committee hearing on the revised guidance and the flaws associated with the social cost of carbon model, stating that the social cost of carbon estimates suffer from a number of significant flaws that should exclude them from the NEPA process. Among these flaws are: One: The projected costs of carbon emissions can be manipulated by changing key parameters, such as timeframes, discount rates, and other values that have no relation to a given project undergoing review. Two: OMB and other Federal agencies developed the draft social cost of carbon estimates without any known peer review or opportunity for public comment during the developmental process. Three: OMB’s draft social cost of carbon estimates are based primarily on global rather than domestic costs and benefits. Four: There is still considerable uncertainty in many of the assumptions and data elements used to create the draft social cost of carbon estimates, such as the damage functions and the modeled time horizons. Mr. Martella’s testimony was spot on. Congress, not Washington bureaucrats, at the behest of the President should dictate our country’s climate change policy. The sweeping changes that the White House is utilizing did not go through the normal regulatory process, and there was no public comment. Unfortunately, this administration just doesn’t get it and continues to try to circumvent Congress to impose an extremist environmental agenda that is not based on the best available science. Worse yet, the model utilized to predict the social cost of carbon can be easily manipulated to arrive at the desired outcome. For instance, the administration recently attempted to justify the EPA’s methane rule using the social cost of carbon. Using this flawed metric, they claim that the EPA’s methane rule will yield climate benefits of $690 million in 2025 and that those benefits will outweigh the $530 million that the rule will cost businesses and job creators that year alone. Clearly, the social cost of carbon is the administration’s latest unconstitutional tool to deceive the American people and to enact jobkilling regulations. The House voted in favor of similar measures to reject the social cost of carbon four times last Congress and multiple times over the last couple of years. This amendment is supported by the Americans for Limited Government, Americans for Tax Reform, Arch Coal, the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, FreedomWorks, the National Taxpayers Union, the Taxpayers Protection Alliance, and the Gila County Cattle Growers Association. I ask that all Members join me once again in rejecting this flawed proposal and in protecting job rights here in America. I commend the chairman and the committee for their efforts on this legislation and for recognizing that the NEPA process is in desperate need of reform. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman and Members, this amendment tells the Department of Energy to ignore the latest climate change science. Even worse, the amendment denies that carbon pollution is harmful. According to this amendment, the cost of carbon pollution is zero. That is science denial at its worst, and, frankly, it is just simply wrong. Tell homeowners in Arizona or those who live up in Canada, where the wildfires have just raged and who have seen their homes ravaged by drought stoked wildfires, that there are no costs from climate change. If you are a gardener, like I am, even the backs of seed packets have changed, because what used to be a 
Tennessee tomato, now we grow it in Ohio. The climate zones are moving north. It is getting warmer. Tell that to the firefighters who have to put everything else on the line to fight those fires that rage in California and points west or north. Tell that to the children and the elderly that will be plagued by heat stress and vulnerable to increased disease. Tell that to the people evacuated from the Isle de Jean Charles in Louisiana who will lose homes as their island vanishes under the rising sea. Or how about Houston, Texas, with the flash flooding? That is one of the most recent. These people are looking to us to protect America and to protect them, and they are looking to the Republicans to finally be reasonable. The truth is that no one will escape the effects of unmitigated climate change. It will have an impact on all of us, and, frankly, it is having an impact on all of us. But this amendment waves a magic wand and decrees that climate change imposes no costs at all. House Republicans can vote for this amendment. They can try to block the Department from recognizing the damage caused by climate change and the potential damage, but they cannot overturn the laws of nature. They are powerful. We should be heeding the warnings of the climate scientists, not denying reality. Thank God we have them. We don’t have to operate in ignorance. Recently, our Nation’s leading climate scientists released the National Climate Assessment, which continues to show evidence confirming the ongoing impacts of climate change. Leading scientists around the world, not just here, agree the evidence is unambiguous. This amendment tells the Department to ignore some of the wisest people in the world. The latest science shows that climate change is expected to exacerbate heat waves—those have been felt around the country—droughts—look at Lake Mead in Las Vegas. Look at the rings going down. Look at millions and millions of acres now enduring wildfires. Look at the added floods, water and vector borne diseases, which will be greater risks to human health and lives around the world. The security of our food supply will diminish, resulting in reductions in production and increases in prices. According to a leading climate science body, the IPCC, increasing global temperatures and drastic changes in water availability, which we have just heard about on this floor, in California, for heaven’s sake, combined with an increase in food demand poses large risks to food security globally and regionally. When I was born, there were 146 million people in this country. By 2050, we will have 500 million. It takes more animals, it takes more machines, it takes more energy, to feed that population, and it takes much more to feed the global population. Human beings and our way of life do have an impact on what happens on this very, very suspended planet in the Milky Way galaxy. This amendment tells the Department to ignore these and many other impacts, and, frankly, I view that as irresponsible. Federal agencies have a responsibility to calculate the costs of climate change and take them into account. It is plain common sense, and it is a life anddeath matter. That is exactly what the Obama administration is doing. An interagency task force worked over the course of several years to estimate the costs of the harm from carbon pollution. The cost calculation was first issued in 2010 and updated in 2014 and continues to be refined by incorporating new scientific and technical information and soliciting input from leading experts. This was a very constructive calculation and a conservative one at that, with the full costs of climate change almost certainly being higher. But it is better than the previous estimate and much, much better than assuming the costs are nothing. Unfortunately, that is what this amendment would require the government to assume: zero harm, zero costs, zero danger, from carbon pollution and climate change. The truth is that unchecked climate change would have a catastrophic economic and human impact here and across the world. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, if I could inquire from the Chair how much time I have. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the Earth’s climate has been changing since the beginning of time, and that is something on which I think we can all agree. MIT researchers have looked at a massive extinction some 252 million years ago as a result of a massive buildup of carbon dioxide. Funny, man wasn’t around. The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service estimates that the administration squandered $77 billion, with a B, between fiscal year 2008 and fiscal year 2013 in trying to study all this. Now, if the President, the emperor himself, would like to bypass Congress, that is fine. But Congress has a fiduciary duty and a responsibility legislatively to actually pass something that the agency should enforce. We talked about wildfires. Well, there we go again. It has been mismanagement of our forests that have created these catastrophic wildfires. Take it from somebody in Arizona who should know. So I ask all of my colleagues to vote for this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I have amendment No. 29 at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I believe this is known as amendment 116. I think most of us should be aware that we are well into the first quarter of a new nuclear arms race this time with not only Russia, but with China. And perhaps there are some others out there that would like to build nuclear weapons and armaments. This amendment goes directly to one of the critical parts of that arms race, which is the development of what is essentially a new nuclear bomb. Some would like to say it is simply a refurbishment of an older weapon, and I guess you can get away with that if you stretch the words a bit. But this is the W80–4 nuclear bomb. It is the warhead that will go on the new cruise missile, sometimes called the LSRO. It is a very expensive proposition. This particular budget calls for $240 million to be spent this year on the 
early stages of the refurbishment. We are probably looking at twice that level of funding over the next decade to develop a few hundred of these weapons or these bombs. We need to wake up. We need to be paying attention to this trilliondollar enterprise. Over the next 25 years, we will be spending $1 trillion on a new nuclear arms race. To what effect? Well, some would say that what we have is old and we ought to have something that is new. Well, what is old actually continues to work for many, many years. So it is not just the nuclear bombs that will be refurbished or rebuilt or lifeextended or whatever words you want to use, but they are new and are extraordinary expensive and, obviously, extraordinarily dangerous. b1830 We are going to develop an entire new array of delivery systems. Discussed on the House floor not so long ago in debate was the question of whether we ought to have new intercontinental ballistic missiles in the silos in the upper Midwest. It was an interesting debate. The result of the debate was, well, we ought to build new ICBMs for those silos without paying too much attention to the cost, and we ought to have a whole new array of nucleararmed submarines, a new Stealth Bomber, and a new cruise missile. So what are we talking about here? A trillion dollars. At the same time, we debate on the floor whether we have any money for Zika. Apparently, we don’t; although that is a real threat, and it is real today. We talk about our community water systems, and we don’t have any money for those either. I will tell you where the money is. It is in this nuclear arms race. It is not about disarmament. Nobody is suggesting that. It is about are we going to spend all this money and perpetuate what is already underway without giving thought to the impact it is going to have on the things that we know we must do—educate our children, provide the infrastructure for our communities, our water, our sanitation systems, and our transportation systems—or are we going to go about building new nuclear bombs. Apparently, that is what we are going to do because there is $240 million right here, money that we didn’t have available for Zika, money that we don’t have for the water systems of Flint, Michigan, or our own State of California. But it is here. The W80—keep that number in mind, ladies and gentlemen. You are going to see that coming back before you as we appropriate more and more dollars for not only this new nuclear bomb, but for many others. So I draw your attention to this issue. I ask that we move about $100 million of this money out of this nuclear bomb that we really don’t need for another decade. We don’t need it tomorrow. We may never need it. It won’t be on any piece of equipment for at least a decade. So why don’t we spend this money on our communities? Why don’t we spend it on Flint, Michigan? Why don’t we spend it on the communities in Central Valley, California, that we have heard so much about? There are communities that don’t have water systems, communities in the San Joaquin Valley that we heard so much about just a moment ago where the children have to take their water out of a horse water trough, not out of a tap. No, we are going to spend our money building a new nuclear bomb. I think that is wrong. I think it is not necessary. In fact, I know it is not necessary. But that is what we are going to do. So I ask you to make a choice, to make a choice to spend our money on what we need today: clean water systems, transportation, and education, not on a new nuclear bomb. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I respect the gentleman’s comments, and I respect the gentleman. He mentioned many of the functions that are necessary for the government that we should be doing. The one he didn’t mention was defending the security of the United States. That is one of the fundamental purposes of the Federal Government. What this amendment would do is take money out of the program to continue the life extension program of the W80 warhead, the only cruise missile in the U.S. nuclear arsenal. The gentleman says we don’t need it now, so let’s spend the money somewhere else; and if we need it next year, I guess we can just spend the money next year. But you can’t develop this, and you don’t do these lifeextension programs in just a year. These are longterm investments. The life extension program will replace the nonnuclear and other components to support the Air Force’s plan to develop the longrange standoff cruise missile, or the LRSO. If the gentleman believes the LRSO is not necessary, I would point him at the Air Force, whose leadership has testified on numerous occasions before Congress that we need to sustain our nuclear capabilities and we need to make these investments. We must do the work that is needed to extend the life of this warhead as long as there is a clear defense requirement for maintaining a nuclear cruise missile capability. While the LRSO is still at an early stage of development, these warheads are very complex, and there is a considerable amount of work to accomplish between now and then. Performing development work earlier in the schedule will allow the NNSA to reduce technical risks and limit any cost growth by validating the military requirements at an early stage. The gentleman’s amendment will not stop the program but would only add additional risks into the schedule and raise the cost for modernizing the warhead down the line. I should point out also that the gentleman’s amendment also proposes to move defense funding to nondefense without any regard to the firewalls negotiated in previous budget deals. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to vote against this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). The amendment was rejected. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, Gosar 221. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to save taxpayer money, help the Department of Energy avoid duplicative programs, and ensure the agency’s limited resources are focused on programs directly related to its mission to ensure energy security for the United States. This simple amendment would prohibit the use of funds for the Climate Model Development and Validation program within the Department of Energy. This exact same amendment passed this body in fiscal year 2015 and 2016. This year, this amendment is even more important because, despite this amendment getting approval from this body multiple years in a row and being denied funding from the bipartisan Appropriations Committee multiple years in a row, the President was given access to about half of what he requested previously to create this new duplicitous and wasteful program. With our Nation more than $19 trillion in debt, the question must be asked: Why would Congress give millions of dollars to the President for new computergenerated climate models? The administration is already manipulating the social cost of carbon models to deceive the American people and to enact jobkilling regulations. For example, the administration recently attempted to justify the EPA’s methane rule using the social cost of carbon valuation model. Using this flawed metric, they claimed that the EPA’s methane rule will yield climate benefits of $690 million in 2025 and that those benefits will outweigh the $530 
million that the rule would cost businesses and job creators that year alone. If funded, the Climate Model Development and Validation program will be yet another addition to the President’s evergrowing list of duplicative global warming, research, and modeling programs currently being hijacked by the EPA to manufacture alleged climate benefits and force new regulations like the EPA’s Clean Power Plan and WOTUS down the throats of the American people. The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service estimates this administration has already squandered $77 billion from fiscal year 2008 through fiscal year 2013 studying and trying to develop global climate change regulations. This amendment is about fiscal responsibility and priorities. While research and modeling of the Earth’s climate—including how and why Earth’s climate is changing—can be of value, it is not central to the department’s mission and is already being done by dozens of government, academic, business, and nonprofit organizations around the world. With more than 50 universities and academic institutions around the globe engaged in climate modeling, this particular issue is being addressed very well by the academic and nonprofit sector with much greater efficiency and speed than any government bureaucracy can offer. Further, the research and models utilized by our universities are not being manipulated to impose a partisan agenda. Regardless of your opinion on climate change, I feel strongly that the House of Representatives must continue its firm position that we should not be wasting precious taxpayer resources on programs that are duplicitous in nature and compete with programs funded by private investment. The wastefulness of the Climate Model and Validation program has been recognized by several outside spending and watchdog groups. This amendment proposal has been supported in the past by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, the American Conservative Union, Eagle Forum, and the Taxpayers Protection Alliance. The House of Representatives has wisely declined to fund this program in fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016. Considering the extensive work being done to research, model, and forecast climate change trends by other areas in government, the private sector, and internationally, funding for this specific piece of President Obama’s climate agenda is not only redundant, but inefficient. Considering the Nation’s $19 trillion in debt, it is also irresponsible I thank the chairman, ranking member, and committee for their work. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, years ago, there were people that served in this body that denied that America should pass a Clean Water Act. Today, in many places in our country when we turn on the tap, we trust what we drink. We had to change our way of life. Yes, we had to make investments, but we produced a stronger country. There were those who fought against the Clean Air Act. You can go back and read the RECORD . There are always those folks who have difficulty embracing the future. This amendment blocks funding for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. This is climate science denial at its worst. It used to be that people said, well, it is okay that industry dumps in the water. It kind of washes everything out somewhere. Well, when the bald eagle became an endangered species, it became pretty clear that all of that pollution was causing longterm damage. Now the world’s top scientists are telling us that we have a rapidly closing window to reduce our carbon pollution before the catastrophic impacts of climate change cannot be avoided. So far, the world has already warmed by 0.9 degrees Celsius, and we are already seeing the effects of climate change. Most scientists agree that 2 degrees Celsius is the maximum amount we can warm without really dangerous tipping points, although many scientists now believe that even 2 degrees is far too much, given the effects we are already experiencing all around the world. But absent dramatic action, we are on track to warm 4 to 6 degrees Celsius by midcentury. That is more than 10 degrees Fahrenheit. Even with the pledges to reduce carbon emissions as part of COP 21, we are still in danger of experiencing the drastic consequences of climate change, including increased frequency and intensity of extreme weather events and drought. The International Energy Agency has concluded that increased efforts are still needed—in addition to existing pledges—to stay within the 2 degree limit. We are already seeing the devastation from climate change, including, recently, the evacuation of climate refugees from the Isle de Jean Charles near New Orleans. So you sort of think to the world you knew versus the world of the future, and you have to embrace the future, and you have to help those who are going to follow us. There are multiple lines of evidence, including direct measurements, that life is changing. The projections that these models anticipate are critical as they provide the guideposts to understanding how quickly and how steeply the world needs to cut carbon pollution in order to avoid the worst effects of climate change. The goal of the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program is to further improve the reliability of climate models and equip policymakers and citizens with tools to predict the current and future effects of climate change, such as sea level rise, extreme weather events, and drought. This amendment scraps this program. It says ‘‘no’’ to enhancing the reliability of our climate models. Who wouldn’t want that? It says ‘‘no’’ to investing in the security of the people of this Nation and the Nation’s assets themselves. It says ‘‘no’’ to improving our understanding of how the climate is changing, and it says ‘‘no’’ to informing policymakers about the consequences of unmitigated climate change. That is absolutely irresponsible and an outcome this Nation cannot afford. It is interesting. There is an author, Richard Louv, who has written a book, ‘‘Last Child in the Woods.’’ What it talks about is how America has become so technologically sophisticated that most people have lost a real connection to nature, especially our children, who spend 8 hours in front of a blue screen. But perhaps it is because of that technological advancement and lack of connection to nature that we do not have a population—including, perhaps, some who serve in this Chamber—that observe what nature is actually doing in her powerful force. I would urge our colleagues to read that book and to think a little bit about reconnecting to nature, paying attention to what the temperature is of the lake near you or the ocean near you. Pay attention to what is happening in our coastal communities. Pay attention to what is happening in agriculture and our ability to produce food for the future because of changes in weather. What is happening with rainfall? There is a lot going on. What happens to clouds in your region of the country? How close do they come to the Earth? When the rain falls, how severe are those weather events? These events are happening around our country and around our world. Mr. Chairman, I have to rise in opposition, obviously, to this amendment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment because I don’t think it leads us into the future. I think it takes us back into the past, to a world that does not exist anymore. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b1845 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, could I inquire how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is not about making a statement about climate change or the validity of science. This amendment is about fiscal responsibility and efficiency. More than 50 universities and institutions around the globe are engaged in 
climate modeling. This particular issue is being addressed very well by the academic and nonprofit sector, with much greater efficiency and speed than government bureaucracy can offer. Can I remind you of the VA? The government doesn’t do anything very well at all, and we need to start looking at this. When we talk about responsibility, $19 trillion in debt, there are some apples that we need to start coming to look at. When we start looking at institutions that are actually doing this, they are hardly secondtier institutions—the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MIT for short; the University of California, Berkeley. There are some really good people out there doing this work on our behalf. When we start looking at efficacies and effectiveness, we need to look no further than the private sector and the universities that are already doing this. This is something we don’t need to be duplicitous in and be partisan in our outcomes. I ask my colleagues to vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, as a preamble to my amendment, please allow me to thank the chairman, Mr. SIMPSON , for his courtesies. I would also like to thank the ranking member, Ms. KAPTUR , for her courtesies. Mr. Chairman, if you live in Houston, Texas, you monitor the weather. You monitor the weather, Mr. Chairman, because, over the last year, Houston, Texas, has been declared a disaster area not once, but twice. If you live in Houston, Texas, you monitor the weather because, in the last year, we have spent billions in recovery damages. If you live in Houston, Texas, you monitor the weather because, in the last year, we have lost 17 lives to flooding. Houston has a problem. But there is a solution. This amendment—which is based upon H.R. 5025, an emergency supplemental bill—would accord $311 million that will eventually be spent. This is not money that will not be spent in Houston, Texas, but money that will be spent on projects that are already authorized. The projects are authorized. The money is going to be spent. However, we can take a piecemeal approach and do some now, some later, and spend billions more in recovery efforts, which is what we are doing. We are spending billions after floods when we could spend millions before and save money, save lives, and give Houston, Texas, and the citizens therein some degree of comfort. Mr. Chairman, I believe that my friends in this House have a great deal of sympathy and a good deal of empathy for Houston, Texas, as is evidenced by the fact that over 70 Members have signed onto the bill, H.R. 5025. And we have bipartisan support. We have Republicans at the committee level who are doing what they can within the committee. We also have Democrats who are working to try to help Houston, Texas. So I am honored tonight to stand in the well of the House to make this request, that Houston, Texas, be made a priority and that the Corps of Engineers, when they do assess the needs of the Nation, that Houston be given some degree of preference because money is being spent that need not be spent. But, more importantly, Mr. Chairman and Madam Ranking Member, lives are being lost. Houston, Texas, has what are captioned as flash floods. You can find yourself in a circumstance from which you cannot extricate yourself, and you may lose your life when we have one of these inclement, adverse weather conditions. They happen more often than prognosticated some years ago. It can be debated as to whether we are having 100year floods or 500year floods. That is debatable. But what is not debatable is the fact that we are having billion dollar floods—billiondollar floods—in Houston, Texas, a major American city declared a disaster area not once, but twice in the last year. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, on April 18th the City of Houston and Harris County, Texas were subjected to paralyzing flooding which claimed the lives of seven of our citizens and required the rescue of 1,200 more. Approximately 2,000 housing units were flooded and we are currently working to figure out where to house the folks who cannot return to their homes. This is the second major flooding disaster Houston has experienced in the last six months and the City is expecting additional rain and thunderstorms on Friday and Saturday of this week. Residents in our congressional district as well as other Member’s districts have been severely affected and we must do something to stop the needless loss of life. The President has recognized the significance of the catastrophe and a fulfilled a request for a disaster declaration. Now it’s the job of Congress to help our constituents. I have worked closely with my neighbor and friend, Rep. ALGREEN to offer this amendment to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. The amendment would provide $311 million dollars to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the construction, and in most cases, completion of our bayous and flood control projects. Flooding is not new in Houston but we’ve learned how to control it. Our bayou system has saved countless lives and millions of dollars of damage since creation. Unfortunately, due to consistent budget pressure, the Army Corps of Engineers cannot adequately fund these projects. This amendment would ensure that our federal, state, and local authorities have the resources necessary to expedite the flood control projects we know protect people and property. Mr. Chair, we can help the victims in our neighborhoods and we must help them. I urge this body to pass this emergency funding legislation and do so quickly. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. SIMPSON. I make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ The amendment includes an emergency designation and, as such, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I would like to be heard, if I may. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized on the point of order. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Would Chairman SIMPSON allow me to give my closing comments before we receive the ruling from the Chair, which will be just a few seconds more, I believe? How much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining on the amendment. 
Does the gentleman wish to be heard on the point of order? Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Well, yes, on the point of order, if so, in so doing, I may speak to the flooding in Houston, Texas. I want to be appropriate as I do this, and I will yield to the wisdom of the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will rule. The Chair finds that this amendment includes an emergency designation. The amendment, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment is not in order. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the fine gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member KAPTUR. Please allow me to continue with just a brief commentary. I have a colleague who is not here, the Honorable GENE GREEN . He has asked that his statement with reference to this amendment be placed in the RECORD . I would also add this. A good deal of my comments have emanated from, as I indicated, H.R. 5025. This bill has bipartisan support. I see in the Chamber my good friend and colleague, the Honorable TEDPOE, who is one of the cosponsors of the legislation. Some of my other colleagues who are cosponsoring from Texas would include the Honorable JOHN CULBERSON , the Honorable RANDY WEBER , the Honorable SHEILA JACKSON LEE, also the Honorable GENE GREEN whom I have mentioned. There are others as well. This is bipartisan. This is a recognition that we are going to have problems that we can solve that will create greater circumstances than we should have to endure. There is little reason for us to be back here a year or so from now indicating that we have had another flood, a billiondollar flood—maybe less, maybe more—and that we may have lost lives in that future event. My hope is that, while this amendment is not in order—and I accept the ruling of the Chair—my hope is that we will find a means by which we will do sooner that which we will do later, spend the $311 million after we have had additional billiondollar floods. This amendment makes good sense. It is a commonsense solution. I thank the ranking member for her very kind words and the opportunity that she has accorded me. I thank you, Mr. SIMPSON , for being so generous as well. Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s passion with this and his obvious concern and interest. I will tell you that there is a great deal of support for what the gentleman is proposing. Congressman POE, Congressman C ULBERSON , as well as Members on your side of the aisle, have talked to us repeatedly about the issues that you address here. While this amendment is out of order, I will promise to the gentleman that we will work with him to try to address this problem of one of America’s great cities. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman. As he knows, I believe his word is as good as gold. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simply a commonsense measure to help reduce the size of outof control Federal departments that continue to grow annually unchecked, increasing both scope, size, and increasing our spending, both discretionary and mandatory. Our Nation is over $19 trillion in debt—let me repeat that—$19 trillion in debt. This Chamber, us, we, the people, in government, or Members of the people’s House in charge of the taxpayers’ purse strings, must start taking action to actively reduce our expenditures. I appreciate the chairman and ranking member for their hard work on this bill. But I am concerned that the cost it will place on the American people is too great. We can do better and we must do better. This amendment is offered as a modest solution and establishes a 5 percent acrosstheboard cut to the Department of Energy’s total employees. In the private sector, when scrambling to cover your costs, you have to make decisions, including sometimes the elimination of positions that are not essential to the overall purpose and mission of the organization, or you simply can’t afford it. Not only is reducing the current size of the Department’s fulltime staff essential, but I think it also should be accompanied by a 1year hiring freeze. In 2013, when the government was shut down—and I want to remind people that the government shut down over money, and it wasn’t from an excess; it was from a lack of it—the Department of Energy was faced with this very dilemma and made a decision to furlough 69 percent of its workforce. These workers were deemed nonessential. I understand the circumstances were extraordinary, but the Department was still able to target areas within it that were not deemed essential to maintaining its most necessary functions. My amendment is only requiring the Department to reduce its fulltime employees by 5 percent, which in the scheme of things is nominal, but essential, in getting our country back on track fiscally, and it is the right thing to do. For our Nation to remain prosperous and to keep the American Dream alive for generations to come, we must make these decisions now. We must scale back Federal spending. One cannot have personal freedom without financial freedom. That same philosophy also applies to nations if they wish to pass on to their future generations the blessings of our past and our current posterity, liberties, and freedoms. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. b1900 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. POEof Texas). The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I understand the desire for an efficient and effective Federal Government with an appropriately sized workforce. In fact, if the gentleman has specific programs or offices that he believes are currently overstaffed, I would be happy to work with him to see if that is the case and to figure out a way to address any problems we may find; but this amendment doesn’t look at specific details and make targeted reductions. It requires the Department of Energy to furlough 5 percent of its employees on October 1. It doesn’t allow the Department time to review whether it might need more people to carry out its national security responsibilities, for instance, or fewer people to carry out other programs whose work is ramping down or is being reduced by this bill. That is not good government. That is putting almost 800 people across the country out of work for no good reason. The underlying bill, on the other hand, includes reasonable and targeted reductions to funding levels for the Department’s administrative accounts. The departmental administration account was $36 million below the President’s budget request in the bill that was brought to the floor, and amendments already passed by the House have resulted in further cuts to the departmental administration. Federal 
salaries and expenses for the National Nuclear Security Administration are $30 million below the President’s request. The funding levels in this bill send a clear message about growth in the Federal workforce. Requiring an automatic 5 percent cut across the board is a step too far. As I said, it is not good government. For these reasons, I oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote against it. I would also note that when the gentleman said that during the government shutdown, it furloughed 60some odd percent of its employees, remember, we are talking 16 days here, and these employees were labeled as ‘‘nonessential.’’ The same thing happened in Congress. At least I know in my office—and I would suspect in the gentleman’s office—we had to declare which employees were nonessential. Those employees now work for me again and have been rehired. I would suspect they have been in the gentleman’s office, too. Just because they were furloughed during a 16day government shutdown doesn’t mean they are, essentially, nonessential. I don’t think this is a wellthought out amendment. I oppose it, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, I join the chairman in opposing this amendment. It is, truly, a blunt cut—5 percent to the Department of Energy from its current level with no analysis, no consultation, no consideration of impact. It is just a blunt cut. It would actually mean about 700 people who would be fired at headquarters, at field offices, even at our Power Marketing Administrations across the West. Layoffs of this magnitude would profoundly impede the Department of Energy’s ability to oversee its nuclear security responsibilities, its science and energy and environmental cleanup mandates. I strenuously oppose this amendment and urge the gentleman to bring back a more thoughtful amendment at some point if he wishes, but I don’t support the blunt cut. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman and ranking member’s opposition. I would like to remind them that this amendment is a necessary step in reducing the size and scope of the Federal Government. We are approaching $20 trillion in debt. That approximates to about $60,000 for every man, woman, and child in America. When we talked about nonessential employees, I didn’t have any in my office. Everybody in my office was essential, so we didn’t lay anybody off. We didn’t put them off. The gentleman laughs, which is fine. The executive departments and agencies have gradually taken on the personification of the 1958 horror flick, ‘‘The Blob.’’ Departments like the DOE are consuming everything in their path and increasing their own presence in the private sector. At what point do we say enough is enough? At what point do we say we are going to get our spending under control? This is a small, 5 percent incremental change to the Department of Energy. It is not specific because it gives the flexibility to the Department to come up with the changes that it wants, keeping in mind that our Federal Government’s number one task is national security; so the people who are tasked to run the Department of Energy can make the commonsense and the needed reforms that they need to. Again, in the private sector, you see the major companies changing and laying off people as they need to. Government continues to grow, and it adds not just to the discretionary spending, but also to the mandatory spending that goes into Social Security and retirement. We have a responsibility to the American people and to future generations to fix the problems at hand instead of giving rhetoric and saying: Well, it is not specific enough. We need to stand up and say: The time is now. If we start now with small, incremental changes, we can change the direction of our Nation’s debt while we still have the option because the day will come when we will not have that option with our outofcontrol spending. I am telling my colleagues, if they really want to change the debt structure in this country and get a handle on it, it is time we start now and stop talking about it. I urge people to support this. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). The amendment was rejected. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I offer an amendment on behalf of me and my colleague, Congressman SCOTT GARRETT , who is my Republican co chair of the Payer State Caucus, which is a group of Members opposed to the massive transfer of wealth between one set of States to another. This amendment is a very simple one that would prohibit any of the funds in this bill from being used in the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research, otherwise known as EPSCoR. EPSCoR was started in 1978 as an experimental program in the hopes of strengthening research infrastructure in areas of the country that receive less than their fair share, however defined. As a scientist and as an American, I think this goal is commendable, but the implementation of this program— and, in particular, the formulas used to earmark grants to a specific set of States—is absurd. The ability to participate in EPSCoR opportunities is based solely on whether or not a State has received less than 0.75 percent of the NSF research funding in the previous 3 years. Let me reiterate that. The Department of Energy’s EPSCoR eligibility is determined by how much NSF research funding a given State has received in the previous 3 years. There is no rational basis for earmarking a grant program in one area of spending based on the spending in another unrelated program. Moreover, because EPSCoR considers the funding on a perState basis rather than on a per capita basis, it has devolved into just another one of the many programs that steers money into States that already get far more than their fair share of Federal spending. EPSCoR is emblematic of a larger problem we have in this country. Every year, hundreds of billions of dollars are transferred out of States that pay far more in Federal taxes than they receive back in Federal spending—the payer States—and into States that receive a lot more Federal spending than they pay back in taxes—the taker States. In the case of Illinois, our economy loses $40 billion a year because we pay far more in Federal taxes than we receive back in Federal spending. As for my colleague from New Jersey, his State on a per capita basis has it even worse. This alone is responsible for the fiscal stress in both of our States. This is an enormous and unjustifiable redistribution of wealth between the States. This amendment takes a first small step to begin rolling back these taker State preferences by eliminating one of the many—but one of the most unjustifiable of them—the EPSCoR program. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I appreciate my colleague’s passion for the Office of Science. I am a strong supporter of the Office of Science and the work that they do. As the Nation’s largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences, the Office of Science directs important research funding to the national laboratories and universities across this 
country. The EPSCoR program extends this even further by supporting research in areas where there has historically been less Federal funding. The program has been successful in laying the foundation and in expanding research programs in the basic sciences across the Nation. Taking away this funding puts existing grants and partnerships in jeopardy at the many universities that receive EPSCoR grants. Therefore, I must oppose this amendment and urge other Members to do the same. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment, which would eliminate funding for the Department of Energy’s EPSCoR program. For more than 40 years, the Department of Energy has provided academic research funding to colleges and universities around the Nation, and it has been critical to ongoing research that is essential to maintaining our competitive edge in energy advancement. The DOE’s Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research, commonly known as EPSCoR, is a science driven, meritbased program, whose mission is to help balance the allocation of DOE and other Federal research and development funding to avoid an undue concentration of money to only a few States. This successful program has had a profound impact on my home State of Rhode Island by allowing our academic institutions to increase research capacity, to enrich the experiences of their students, and to contribute to important advances in a variety of fields. Currently, 24 States, including Rhode Island, and three jurisdictions account for only about 6 percent of all DOE funding despite the fact that these States account for 20 percent of the U.S. population. EPSCoR has helped to stabilize this imbalance in funding, and it should continue to do so in the 2017 fiscal year and beyond. In order to ensure robust academic research and outcomes across the country, geographic diversity in funding should be considered to ensure that we are taking advantage of the particular experiences, knowledge, and perspectives of academic institutions from every State. This amendment to eliminate this successful program would be a step backward for the United States’ commitment to research and development. Investments in critical programs, such as EPSCoR, are essential to creating jobs, innovating for the future, and maintaining our competitive edge in scientific research and a global economy. I urge my colleagues to join me in strongly opposing this amendment. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, first off, I would like to emphasize that this does not take away funding from the Office of Science. It eliminates a very poorly designed setaside that is based on spending that is completely unrelated to the actual Office of Science. If the goal of this program were to equalize the funding in the Office of Science, then it should be based on the actual expenditures of the Office of Science so that States that are underrepresented there would, presumably, be able to qualify for these. It does not do that. If it were designed to equalize the spending between States that receive a lot more Federal funding than those that don’t, then you would see a very different set of States in this. Particularly the fact that it is not based on a per capita basis is the fundamental flaw in this thing. If you look at those States, the single distinguishing characteristic is not that they are poor or rural or anything else; it is that they have small populations, which means that they are overrepresented in the Senate. One of the main mechanisms for transferring wealth out of large States like New Jersey, like Illinois, like California, and a large number of other States into smaller States are spending formulas that have, frankly, been cooked up in the Senate, where small States are overrepresented and the formulas steer large amounts of money into them. If this were based on a per capita basis, it would, at least, be rational. If the Office of Science’s funding were based on actual expenditures, at least in the Department of Energy, it would be rational. What we see are States receiving EPSCoR funds that get far more than their share both in Federal funding and in Department of Energy funding overall. A rational program would, first off, collect all research funding in all areas and base the set asides on that. Secondly, it would do it on a per capita basis. These are fundamental flaws, and at this point it is preferable to just eliminate the entire program and start over if people think it is a useful thing. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b1915 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s arguments. It sounds like we are back at the Constitutional Convention: Should we have the legislative branch of government be represented by the population, or should it be represented by the States? I know. Let’s compromise. Let’s have two bodies, one that represents the States with an equal number from each State, and one that represents the population. We will call one the House of Representatives, and we will call one the Senate. That is how it works out. We are one Nation, and we try to make sure that funds go to all States. Some of them have a disadvantage just by the sheer size. And if you look at Idaho, we are the 12th largest State, and, I suspect, populationwise, we are down there substantially. Montana is probably even worse off than we are. So it is almost impossible for the universities and so forth to compete with some of the larger States. So we can argue about whether the formulas are correct or absolutely correct or if they shouldn’t be modified or anything else like that, and I am more than willing to do that, but to eliminate the program I think is just an entire mistake. I would urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, sanctuary cities flaunt our laws and put our citizens at risk. We need only to look at the tragic 2015 murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco to see the grave danger of allowing cities to ignore the Federal immigration policy. We cannot allow this to stand. That is why I am introducing this amendment to the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations bill that would ban funding to any State or city that refuses to comply with our immigration laws. Mr. Chair, I recognize that some of my colleagues may say that an amendment like this is better suited on the Homeland Security or the Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill; and, indeed, I joined my colleague, Congressman GOSAR , on a letter to the subcommittees asking that similar language be attached to their bills as well. But the truth is, Mr. Chairman, amnesty for lawbreakers impacts every aspect of our society: our jobs, our security, and, in the case of Ms. Steinle, a young innocent woman’s life. 
I believe the crisis of sanctuary cities demands a multipronged response, and this amendment can be a piece of that effort. If cities choose to put their citizens at risk in defiance of Federal law—yes, in defiance of Federal law— there is no reason to continue spending Federal money on their energy and water projects. It is really that simple. I urge my colleagues to take a vote for your constituents and support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, the Black amendment would prohibit financial assistance to any State or political subdivision that is acting in contravention of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act. But this is an energy and water bill. This isn’t a part of our bill. I rise in opposition to the amendment because it is, frankly, nongermane. The Department of Energy isn’t involved. The Army Corps of Engineers or the Bureau of Reclamation or the regional independent agencies that are under the jurisdiction of this bill have nothing to do with the concern that the gentlewoman raises. Why are we debating immigration policy on an Energy and Water Appropriations bill? It doesn’t make any sense. Frankly, the amendment would prohibit funding for State and local governments that have policies against the sharing of information related to immigration status, but State and local law enforcement routinely and automatically share biometric information with ICE that is used to determine immigration status. They do so through the same electronic system that shares these biometrics with the FBI for checks against the criminal databases. So even if this amendment were germane, I don’t think the amendment is necessary or would do what the gentlewoman believes that it would do. Even more to the point, if the premise of the amendment is that local law enforcement agencies aren’t notifying ICE prior to releasing from custody individuals who fit ICE immigration enforcement priorities, then the amendment is misguided because the Department of Homeland Security has established a priority enforcement program, known as the PEP, designed to better work with State and local law enforcement to take custody of criminal aliens who pose a danger in public safety before they are released into our communities. Prior to that program’s establishment, 377 jurisdictions refused to honor some or all of ICE detainers. But as of early this year, 277 of those jurisdictions, or 73 percent, have now signed up to participate in that program by responding to ICE requests for notification, honoring detainer requests, or both. So the Department of Homeland Security is making good progress in soliciting the participation of State and local law enforcement in the PEP program, and we should support them in those efforts and avoid muddling the issue and reject this amendment. The Department of Homeland Security is not a part of the Appropriations Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee; and it is doubtful that this amendment would have any effect, even if it were germane to the bill and not subject to a point of order. Because this biometric sharing system is in effect across the country, no jurisdiction currently refuses to share information about immigration with ICE. So, as a result, it is difficult to see how this amendment would have any effect whatsoever, even if it were offered on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Committee or the Department of Homeland Security bills. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Frankly, it is not germane to this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, it really is ironic that this amendment is even necessary. It would not be necessary if the executive branch and the Department of Justice and Homeland Security were all doing their job and applying the law to each one of these sanctuary cities. I do want to point to the fact that, back in February of this year, Attorney General Loretta Lynch testified before the House Appropriations Committee. It was in that committee that she talked about cracking down on what is happening in these sanctuary cities. I want to read what was in The Washington Times that came as a result of that testimony: ‘‘The Obama administration is preparing to crack down on sanctuary cities, Attorney General Loretta Lynch told Congress on Wednesday, saying she would try to stop Federal grant money from going to jurisdictions that actively thwart agents seeking to deport illegal immigrants.’’ It goes on to say that there was a followup in a letter to Mr. CULBERSON  that week that the Justice Department said that if it determined that a city or a county receiving Federal grants is refusing to cooperate with ICE agents, they could lose money and face criminal prosecution. So, hopefully, we will see the administration crack down on what really is unlawful, and that is for these sanctuary cities to be in operation at all. They should not be receiving any Federal funds in each one of these appropriation bills, and that is exactly what this amendment does. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. M CNERNEY (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment be considered read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I would object to waiving the reading. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, California, like much of the West, has been enduring a devastating drought. This affects the livelihoods of families, farmers, and small businesses throughout the State. California’s Governor now wants to move forward with something called WaterFix tunnels plan, which will build two massive tunnels to divert water from one part of the State to another. I agree with every other Californian that we need longterm, statewide solutions to our State’s water needs. I agree that there needs to be some level of certainty for the families, farmers, and small businesses about our water supply. To do that, we need to focus on conservation, recycling, reuse, storage, and leak detection and fixing. The WaterFix tunnels do none of these things. It creates no new water at all. California voters and the State legislature haven’t agreed on whether or not to fund this project, which is expected to exceed at least $25 billion, and that cost keeps rising. In addition, the Federal Government is expected to contribute $4 billion. The cost of this plan is an even more important issue now that the Department of the Interior inspector general has opened an investigation into the possible illegal use of millions of dollars by the California Department of Water Resources in preparing environmental documents for the WaterFix tunnels plan. Instead of funding important habitat improvements, the State 
administration may be using Federal funds for the tunnel plan that will harm critical habitat for at least five endangered and threatened species. California needs a water solution for the entire State, not one that is too expensive, doesn’t create water, and is potentially the source of misappropriated funds. We have to use the funding for projects that make sense for California, that make California resilient and regionally selfsufficient. My amendment will ban the government from funding tunnels taking our water, especially while subject to Federal investigation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ The amendment imposes additional duties. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this amendment requires a new determination on the Federal officials covered by the bill with regard to investigations of the Department of the Interior. The amendment, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment is not in order. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment has been ruled out and is no longer pending. b1930 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would allow for a number of important Army Corps of Engineers projects in my home district of coastal Alabama to move forward. In many areas, our Nation’s waterways are the lifeblood of the economy. Being from a port city, I certainly understand this and appreciate the work the Army Corps of Engineers does to keep our waterways well maintained. I know the Army Corps works hard in tandem with Congress to prioritize projects to keep our waterways and ports open for commerce. Unfortunately, at times, it seems like smaller projects in our more rural areas get ignored or forgotten altogether. While they may not include a major waterway, these projects are vital to many of our local communities and have a significant economic impact from commercial and recreational fishing as well as tourism in general. My amendment seeks to prioritize some projects in southwest Alabama that are long overdue. These include a project to dredge Fly Creek in Baldwin County, where depths need restoring after severe flooding in 2014. Another project would allow for Dog and Fowl Rivers to be dredged to help accommodate commercial and recreational fishing. This project hasn’t been touched since 2009. Yet another project that needs attention is Bayou Coden, which is an important area for local shipbuilding. I must thank the Army Corps of Engineers for their attention to a few projects in coastal Alabama, such as dredging Perdido Pass and the Bon Secour River. These are critical projects, but more work remains. Mr. Chairman, I understand that my amendment may not be allowed under House rules, but I believe it is important to have this debate and remind the Committee on Appropriations as well as the Army Corps of Engineers about the importance of these smaller projects that really make a huge difference in communities across the United States. In these tight budget times, I know it can be difficult to balance the need for major Army Corps projects with smaller projects like the one I have mentioned, but I hope the Army Corps will work with Congress to seek a proper balance that ensures our smaller waterways receive the maintenance and attention they deserve. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve my point of order. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I do understand the gentleman’s concern. In fact, this is an issue we hear about from quite a few Members. The administration’s insistence on budgeting on tonnage alone with no other consideration is shortsighted. That is why this bill provides additional funding specifically for small navigation projects, and the report encourages the administration to correct its budget criteria. Unfortunately, the gentleman’s amendment would establish priority in funding for specific projects. That is not something I can support, particularly in light of the House prohibition on congressional earmarks. I would urge my colleague to withdraw his amendment and instead continue to work with the committee to show the administration the importance of small navigation projects. Mr. BYRNE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s words. He is a man of his word. I appreciate his understanding the importance of these projects. Having heard his words, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is being raised to raise awareness of a very unjust situation. My amendment would ban Federal funding for debt forgiveness to any entity that has been subject to an order finding a violation of the Securities Act of 1933. This is timely because there was a hearing yesterday in the Committee on Natural Resources that included two bills that would affirm a drainage settlement between the United States and Westlands Water District. This settlement would award Federal forgiveness 
to Westlands, which has violated such an SEC order. These agreements matter because they will result in a $300 million taxpayer giveaway. They also fail to address or solve the extreme water pollution these irrigation districts discharge into the San Joaquin River and California delta estuary. These settlement agreements do not require enough land retirements and provide more access to water, further draining the delta, and there are no real performance standards or oversight if pollution runoff is mismanaged. Considering recent news of the SEC fining Westlands due to its conduct in misleading investors about its financial health, the lack of specific performance standards and enforcement tools makes the current settlement terms even more questionable. My amendment will ban the government from funding the debt forgiveness of these agreements not only because these agreements are bad for California, but no entity should have Federal debt forgiveness when they have violated Federal laws. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit any funding from going to the Energy Information Administration, which under this bill is set to receive $122 million in taxpayer money. Mr. Chairman, rule XXI of the House rules prohibits funding programs that are not authorized under law. The authorization process is so important because it gives Congress the ability to set each agency’s agenda, provide proper oversight, and ensure the agency is fulfilling the mission it was designed by Congress to meet. Nearly onethird of the Federal discretionary spending goes to programs whose mandate to exist has expired. In this bill, we will fund 28 programs that have expired authorizations, many which expired in the 1980s. One program that we are funding has existed since the 1970s, but has never been authorized by Congress. The Energy Information Administration, which this amendment would block funding for, is one of the worst offenders. Its authorization expired in 1984, over 30 years ago. That means that the last time this agency received proper congressional instructions, oversight, and review, the Los Angeles Raiders had won the Super Bowl, Ronald Reagan was in the White House, and ‘‘Ghostbusters’’ was in the theaters. The Energy Information Administration has seen its fair share of challenges since it was last authorized. In fact, a few years ago The Wall Street Journal wrote an article about how errors by the EIA caused a significant jump in oil prices. The same story noted that the agency was vulnerable to hacking and that information could be easily compromised, yet this body has not acted on an authorization. Mr. Chairman, I don’t question that there may be some important functions performed by this agency, but at some point we must have accountability in the authorization process. If my amendment is approved, we can send a message as a House that we are serious about fiscal discipline and demand that, if a program is worthy to receive taxpayer funds, it should be authorized by the Congress. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, this is kind of a hard one because I have to tell you, in all honesty, I agree with the gentleman. There are too many programs that are not authorized. Unfortunately, it is not the Committee on Appropriations’ responsibility. It is the authorizing committees that haven’t been doing their job. It is not the EIA’s fault that they are not reauthorized. It is that Congress has not done their job in reauthorizing them. As the gentleman has stated, there are many, many programs throughout. I think the whole Department of State is up for reauthorization and hasn’t been reauthorized. The gentleman is absolutely right. We need to do something about that. We have been debating and discussing how exactly you do that. We have had various proposals. In fact, members of our Conference are looking at it now. I know Mr. MCCLINTOCK is very interested in doing this. We have talked about it several times. We are trying to find some way to force the authorizing committees to actually do their job and do the reauthorizations that are necessary. But I rise to oppose this amendment. The amendment proposes to eliminate funding for the Energy Information Administration, a semiindependent agency that collects, analyzes, and disseminates impartial energy statistics and information to the Nation. The EIA performs essential work for understanding the electricity generation and energy consumption in the complex energy markets that make up our Nation. The EIA provides a statistical and informational service to the private sector that the private sector would not. Eliminating this funding would immediately impact the ability to perform energy policy and would remove essential reports on the energy market. Eliminating the EIA would have virtually no effect on the total spending in this bill, but would negatively impact our ability to make energy policies. I must oppose this amendment, although I sympathize with what the gentleman is trying to do. I would be willing to work with him and any others who are willing to work with a way to force the authorizing committees to do the authorizations that should be being redone or the reauthorizations that should being redone. The reason things expire and the reason they need to be reauthorized is because you need to look to see if they are doing what we intended when we enacted them. Sometimes they are. Sometimes they are not. Sometimes they need be modified. Sometimes they need to be amended. But if we don’t get back to reauthorizing them, that never happens, and that is our fault, Congress’ fault. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. I appreciate the chairman yielding to me. I agree with his opposition to this amendment. Why blame one of the best parts of our government, in my opinion, for Congress not doing its job? I am always impressed with the Energy Information Administration. Their data is stellar. They are professionally run. The business community looks to them. Frankly, the global energy community looks to them. I think the amendment is shortsighted and would eliminate one of the best, most important sources of information that guides all of our decisions. They are so precise. The data that they present also can be easily understood. They have maps. They have charts. They have continuous data over a number of years. I think the gentleman wants to solve a problem, but I think that one could say that this amendment might be penny wise and pound foolish because, if you have had any experience with the Energy Information Administration, you know how excellent they really are and their work is. We depend on it in order to make solid decisions to save money or to make decisions that are sound rather than unsound. Don’t rip the heart out 
of one of the most important administrations that we have at the Federal level on the energy front. I thank the chairman for yielding. I would urge that this amendment be defeated. Mr. SIMPSON. Let me just explain that this is something that I have been trying to find a solution to for a number of years. When I was chairman of the Interior, Environment and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee—this has been like 4 years ago—the Endangered Species Act had not been reauthorized for 23 years at the time. It is like 27 years now that it has not been reauthorized. We brought down the Interior appropriation bill, and we put no money in it for endangered species listing or for critical habitat designation, and the intent was to force the Committee on Natural Resources to do a reauthorization of the Endangered Species Act. b1945 The individual who was supporting me the most was the thenchairman of the Natural Resources Committee. Well, of course, we lost an amendment because nobody wants to eliminate all the funding for the Endangered Species Act. But the gentleman that supported me the most was the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee at the time, who had the ability and authority to go do a reauthorization of the Endangered Species Act, but didn’t do it. And it still hasn’t been done. It is frustrating. I want to work with anybody in this body that is willing to try to find a way to put pressure on the committees to do their job. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s remarks. I accept his offer. I look forward to working with him. We have got to start somewhere, and this is a good place to start. I heard the gentlewoman’s remarks. The Wall Street Journal reported that this agency caused an increase in oil prices by one of its malfunctions. So I don’t think it is quite a perfect agency as she made it out to be. This is a point that we need to make. And I intend to continue to make this point as we go through the appropriations process. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The amendment was rejected. 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
When my daughter finishes her active military service, she will enter the civilian workforce—perhaps for a government contractor, as so many vets do. Will they be able to fire her, even though she and I are both veterans? 
Mr. Chairman, does Edie’s service in combat count for anything here? Does her daughter’s service right now to this country count for anything here? Her daughter isn’t alone. There are 71,000 Active Duty LGBT servicemen and women right now and over 1 million LGBT veterans. Making it easier to fire LGBT Americans, even LGBT veterans, isn’t honoring our values. It is sacrificing them to preserve a worn out and dying prejudice that weakens our Nation rather than strengthening it. So, today, I want to thank Speaker RYAN for allowing an open process so that I can offer my amendment again. It is through this open process that we can give our colleagues another chance—a second chance—to do the right thing and to stand for equality. Let us this time ensure that no taxpayer dollars will be used to discriminate against hardworking Americans simply because of who they are, simply because of who they love. And we will also reaffirm legitimate religious exemptions that the President also included in his executive orders on this subject. Discrimination has no place in our law. It does not make our water cleaner. It does not power our homes. It doesn’t defeat ISIS. It doesn’t support our veterans. Every American deserves the right to work, support a family, and achieve the American Dream, regardless of who they are or who they love. 
I urge my colleagues to stand up to discrimination and adopt my amendment to the bill. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PITTS TO AMEND MENT OFFERED BY MR . SEAN PATRICK MALO NEY OF NEW YORK  
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment to the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
In the section proposed to be added, insert before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except as required by the First Amendment, the Fourteenth Amendment, and Article I of the Constitution’’. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes on the amendment to the amendment. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to offer this perfecting amendment to my colleague’s amendment. This is amendment is very simple. It would merely state that, as the Federal Government spends money with regard to contracting, the administration must not run afoul of the First Amendment, the 14th Amendment, or Article I of the Constitution. The President’s executive order referred to in the Maloney amendment defines a law that was never defined by Congress. It violates the equal protection rights of individuals who are merely seeking work from the government. With this amendment, this Congress can help ensure that, while funds may be going out the door to implement this policy, he must respect Congress’ authority to write the law, respect an individual’s right to exercise his or her religion, and respect their rights to work. Does anyone in this Chamber seriously oppose Article I of the Constitution, the First Amendment, or the 14th Amendment? I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Constitution and limiting the damaging effects of this executive order. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, may I have the amendment read back? Does it include only the First Amendment, the 14th Amendment, and the Equal Protection Clause? The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the amendment to the amendment will be reported. There was no objection. The Clerk reported the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I would like to ask my colleague what is meant by Article I of the Constitution, if he could clarify that for us. No one who supports my amendment—certainly, not I—has any problem with the First Amendment, the 14th Amendment, particularly the Equal Protection Clause, or with Article I of the Constitution, I assure the gentleman. I also, however, would note—and I am sure the gentleman would appreciate—that many times throughout American history, Presidents, under their authority under the Constitution, have acted in the area of workplace discrimination, particularly in the executive branch. For example, would the gentleman oppose President Truman’s action to integrate the armed services? Perhaps he would like that order to be circumscribed in some way, if he thinks that violates Article I of the Constitution, the 14th Amendment, or the First Amendment to the Constitution? In other words, the President has, throughout American history, under his constitutional authority, taken actions to widen the circle of opportunity and to end discrimination in the executive branch. Nothing in my amendment is in any way at odds with the Constitution of the United States or the amendments thereto, but it should not be allowed to go unchallenged on the floor of this House to suggest that President Obama, in his executive action in 2014, ran afoul of any of those things either. Indeed, I am unaware of any legal challenge to the President’s action in those executive orders of 2014. It is pretty clear to me that, if there was something illegal or unconstitutional about them, there would have been a challenge. I don’t think anybody seriously contests the President’s authority to do what he did in 2014, and many Americans welcome it as one of the signature equal protection actions by a Commander in Chief or by a President of the United States. So, far from being concerned about reconciling our activities with the Constitution, we believe they are perfectly consistent. Therefore, I would ask the gentleman if he would be willing to also include, since we are so fond of the Constitution, Article II of the Constitution which specifies the powers of the President? If the gentleman would answer that question. In other words, if we are so fond of the Constitution, what do you say we follow the whole thing, including the Civil War amendments, including some of the things about equal protection and due process. You might have heard something about that. We had a little bit dispute about that in the mid19th century. What do you say we abide by the whole Constitution; the part that tries to make it more progressive, more inclusive of people like me, of people of color, of women, of people who are shut out when it was written? How about we include the whole Constitution? Can we do that? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will address his remarks to the Chair. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, how about we include the whole Constitution? Can we do that? Hearing no objection, I assume we are including the entire Constitution, including the powers of the President under Article II. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has yielded back his time. Therefore, the gentleman from New York is recognized on the amendment to the amendment. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Well, then, let me just say again, the point of today’s vote is to redo a mistake that was made in this House. b2000 But of course it wasn’t really a mistake, was it? It was an effort to change the outcome of a bipartisan majority supporting an amendment to end discrimination in Federal contracting. So today, what we are doing is getting a second bite at that apple, giving Members a chance to vote their conscience, to do the right thing, free from any pressure, free from any vote swapping or switching, free from a clock being held open long after it should have closed. The American people want to know if their government is on the level, so let’s have this vote on the level. We know there is a bipartisan majority for equality in this House, and, if allowed a fair vote, we know what the outcome will be. I look forward to that vote, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order on the amendment to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to say that I associate myself with Congressman MALONEY ’s remarks. Workplace discrimination is a crime that we, as lawmakers, have long sought to mitigate. 
I have to say I admire him for his courage, for his eloquence, and for being here this evening. I yield to the gentleman from New York in order to complete his statement. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 4
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I want to make it perfectly clear that we stand here as servants of the Constitution, all of us, and all of the actions we take here are subject to that beautiful document, as amended. So there is nothing about the gentleman’s amendment, to the extent that it simply restates what is obvious which is that all of our actions are subject to the Constitution, that we would object to. My only point is simply that we need to read it as a whole document. We don’t need to read anything into it. We can read the text. We can understand the history of the text. We can understand the global and expansive nature of the language written into the Constitution after the searing experience of the Civil War around equal protection, around due process. We don’t fear the Constitution; we welcome it. We embrace it. We claim it as our own when we come to this floor and ask that the circle of opportunity be widened for others who have been excluded before. We think that is in the best tradition of the American Constitution. We believe the Constitution provides a series of promises that, as King said, it is a promissory note and that a check was written; we are coming to cash it so we will all be treated equally, so we will all be treated fairly, that we all count. Regardless of who we love, regardless of the color of our skin, whether we walk in or roll in, we believe we all count. And we believe that the Constitution enshrines those values in the most beautiful way in all of human history. So, far from being concerned in any way by the gentleman’s amendment, we welcome it. But let it not detract from the fact that what happened in this House was an effort to enshrine and rationalize discrimination under Federal law. And despite the success we had in defeating that with a bipartisan majority, there were those here who wanted to perpetuate discrimination at the expense of equality. That is inconsistent with the Constitution, Mr. Chairman. And let that be the final word on this. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 1
1⁄4minutes remaining. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, let me just end by saying, this country has a long and storied history of supporting civil rights and worker rights, and that spirit was clearly violated last week during the vote on the spending bill. We know that businesses should operate under strict rules of fairness and equality, and, certainly, the Federal Government should. I am just grateful that we could all be here this evening and try to find a way to move America forward and to make progress, not just for the people of this country, but for humankind. This amendment will ensure that we are able to achieve a fully equitable workplace and society. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time having expired on the amendment to the amendment, does any Member seek time in opposition to the firstdegree amendment offered by Representative MALONEY ? If not, the Chair will put the question on the amendment to the amendment. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) to the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY ). The amendment to the amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY ), as amended. The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York, as amended, will be postponed. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, unlike our European forebears, the Framers made clear that our Nation would have no state church. Instead, under the First Amendment, all will be protected in the free exercise of the religion of their choosing, and we have a proud tradition of conservatives and liberals, Republicans and Democrats, working together to protect this free exercise right. In the 1963 case of Sherbert v. Verner, the liberal Justice William Brennan mandated that any government intrusion into one’s free exercise must meet the most stringent standard of judicial review, strict scrutiny. It was actually the conservative Justice Antonin Scalia who wrote the 1990 opinion in Employment Division v. Smith that rolled back the protections of Sherbert. Fortunately, 3 years later, a Democrat Congress and a Democrat President, Bill Clinton, rallied large, bipartisan majorities to legislatively overturn Smith in the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, otherwise known as RFRA, and restores strict scrutiny when the government seeks to invade the free exercise of religion. RFRA had 170 cosponsors. The gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) were original cosponsors. It passed by a voice vote in the House and 97–3 in the Senate. On July 21, 2014, President Obama signed Executive Order 11478 banning Federal contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity in hiring. Unfortunately, despite our broad history of working together to protect the free exercise right, the President refused to provide conscience protections for religiousbased organizations who engage in government contracting. This amendment would clarify that existing religious freedom protection already in law under the RFRA, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and President Bush’s Executive Order 13279 would apply, irrespective of the amendment offered by Mr. MALONEY . We can debate the merits of Executive Order 11478; however, we should have no problem ensuring that religious entities still enjoy the protections of the free exercise of religion. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I don’t have a copy of the amendment in front of me, but from what I have listened to the gentleman, it sounds like discrimination in the guise of religious freedom, and I would hope that isn’t what the gentleman intends. I have just been given language: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in contravention of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.’’ I don’t have full confidence that the equal protection of the laws for the 
faithbased community are fully considered in this amendment, and I would have to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I want to make very clear that my amendment says not one single thing about discrimination. It talks about religious freedom. We treat religious freedom sometimes in this country like it is a secondary right. It is not. It is a fundamental right. And what my amendment does is make sure that people of religious conscience still have that freedom. So, far from being discrimination, it makes sure that we have freedoms for people that they have had for over 200 years; under the 1964 Civil Rights Act, for over 50 years; under the Americans with Disabilities Act, for over 25 years; and under RFRA, for over 20 years. This is not new. This is not novel. This is settled law. We are making sure we protect people here. This has nothing to do with discrimination. I know that some people would like to wipe out the effect of church, the effect of religion, the effect of faith in the public square in America. But that is not what our Constitution is about, and I think this House should stand up for religious freedom for everybody. So I ask that everybody in this House vote for this very important amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. b2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member KAPTUR for their work on this bill. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit the shipment of dangerous, highly radioactive liquid nuclear waste, which the Department of Energy plans to begin shipping by truck later this year in a series of over 100 shipments from Ontario, Canada, to South Carolina. The department wants to transport this liquid waste, which is far more radioactive than spent nuclear fuel, across the northern border at the Peace Bridge and through downtown Buffalo. In contrast to spent nuclear fuel in solid form, which has a history of being shipped by land, this would constitute the first ever shipment of liquid nuclear waste by truck in a transportation cask that was never certified for this purpose. Its liquid form, if spilled, could make containment nearly impossible. The route crosses the Great Lakes, across the busiest passenger crossing at the northern border, and through a highdensity metropolitan area. In the event of an attack or an accident, the consequences could be devastating. In spite of these concerns, the Department of Energy failed to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act by not commencing with a new Environmental Impact Statement, instead, relying on old, outdated information. The evolving threat picture since 9/11 requires that the Department of Energy reassess the manner in which it ships such dangerous materials. Proceeding with the shipments would also ignore the will of the House, which unanimously passed legislation requiring the Department of Homeland Security perform a terrorism threat assessment regarding the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear and radiological materials through the United States. To reiterate, my bill would only impact one type of nuclear waste shipment, and other shipments of spent nuclear fuel would not be affected. I urge support for my amendment, which would prohibit these shipments until the Department of Energy performs a full and thorough review process. Proceeding without doing so would seriously compromise public safety. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. HIGGINS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is identical to other amendments that have been inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill considered under an open rule during the 113th and 114th Congresses. The amendment simply expands the list of parties with whom the Federal Government is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of the contractors. I hope that this amendment remains noncontroversial. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of my amendment to 
prohibit any contracts or Federal assistance to the Islamic Republic of Iran from being funded in this Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill. As a result of this recent nuclear deal, Iran is now cleared to receive up to $150 billion in assets that should have never made its way back to the Ayatollahs. Iran is the world’s leading State sponsor of terrorism. Any dollar sent to Iran’s government is a dollar sent to a brutal, apocalyptic, and dangerous regime that routinely flouts international norms, threatens to wipe Israel off the map, captures and humiliates our U.S. sailors, flagrantly violating Geneva Convention rules, and is responsible for the murders of hundreds of United States soldiers. Passage of this amendment will wipe the slate clean of any potential for money from the hardworking taxpayers in my district and from across the United States of America to go to Iran. No money for contracts to buy their heavy water, no money for their socalled civilian nuclear power program. Let’s not get fooled again like we did with North Korea. The Iran deal was only given an ‘‘aye’’ vote by 162 Members of this House—a very small total. The President may have lifted the sanctions that Congress passed in 2010, but there is no reason that we cannot take this step to show Iran and the world that we are serious about putting them back in place for their flagrant violations. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment and want to begin by saying that ideological riders have no place on appropriation bills, certainly on this bill, and, frankly, I don’t believe that this is even germane to the Energy and Water Development bill. This amendment is just the first of many possible attempts to tie the hands of the administration from implementing an extremely important international agreement that will result in exactly the opposite of what the gentleman infers. The plan of action that was agreed to by several countries, P5+1, closed the four pathways through which Iran could get to a nuclear weapon in less than a year. We do not gain anything by putting limitations on United States’ ability to engage or monitor Iran’s compliance with the agreement. The President has repeatedly said that he will continue to take aggressive steps to counter any activities in violation of existing sanctions, and this includes restrictions on certain nuclear related transfers, conventional arms, and ballistic missile items, certain asset freezes and travel bans, as well as cargo inspections. Today, international inspectors are on the ground, and Iran is being subjected to the most comprehensive, intrusive inspection regime ever negotiated to monitor a nuclear program. Inspectors will remain to monitor Iran’s key nuclear facilities 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. For decades to come, inspectors will have access to Iran’s entire nuclear supply chain. That is an incredible achievement. The Department of Energy’s vast expertise in the nuclear fuel cycle, nuclear safeguards and security, and nuclear materials plays a critical role in informing and ensuring that Iran is meeting its nuclear commitments. To date, experts at the Department of Energy headquarters, seven national laboratories, and two Department of Energy nuclear sites have been actively involved in reaching and now implementing the agreement. These experts will continue to support the International Atomic Energy Agency’s monitoring and verification activities worldwide and are vital as the United States works with our P5+1 and European Union partners to ensure viability into Iran’s nuclear program. Why would we proactively cut off our nonproliferation program and experts from working to prevent Iran to achieve nuclear weapons? Isn’t that counter to our own national security interests? In other words, if Iran tries to cheat, if they try to build a bomb covertly, we will catch them, the world will catch them, unless we here in Congress undo these efforts and adopt amendments such as the one we are discussing now. The bottom line is this: Iran was steadily expanding its nuclear program. The agreement has now cut off every single path to build a bomb. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this harmful amendment and encourage my colleagues to oppose as well. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I, along with Representatives CICILLINE , FARR, LANGEVIN , KEATING , BEYER , and PETERS have introduced an amendment to clarify that the National Ocean Policy is a critical multiagency action that should be implemented. Mr. Chair, my district is a poster child for the need for ocean coordination and information sharing between local, State, and Federal Governments, and the military, ports, shippers, energy developers, recreational users, and other stakeholders. I know firsthand that we can have a thriving ocean economy and at the same time protect and conserve our precious ocean resources. For example, the Port of Long Beach is the second busiest port in the United States in my district, moving $140 billion in goods, supporting 1.4 million jobs in the United States. Offshore oil platforms extract crude oil in San Pedro Bay less than a mile from my front door. San Clemente Island in my district has a Navy training ground and a shiptoshore firing range. Nearby waters are home to seabirds, fisheries, and migrating whales. Sea level rise and extreme weather threaten neighborhoods and businesses all along my district and the entire coast of California. With so much activity happening, it simply makes sense to have the Navy at the table when NOAA is working on siting of a new aquaculture installation. It makes sense to have the fishery management council weigh in when oil rigs are being decommissioned, and it is a nobrainer that NOAA, the Coast Guard, and the ports all work together to get these massive ships in and out of port safely. We want these collaborations to happen because we want to have a sustainable ocean economy, and by developing regional plans and having a framework for multistakeholder involvement, we can streamline this process and promote a robust ocean economy that also conserves our precious ocean resources. The country and my district need a comprehensive approach to our ocean resources, which the National Ocean Policy provides. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, while there may be instances in which greater coordination would be helpful in ensuring our ocean and coastal resources are available to future generations, any such coordination must be done carefully to protect against Federal overreach. b2030 As we have seen recently with the proposed rule to redefine waters of the United States, strong congressional oversight is needed to ensure that we protect private property rights. Unfortunately, the way the administration developed its National Ocean 
Policy, it increases the opportunities for overreach. The implementation plan is so broad and so sweeping, that it may allow the Federal Government to effect agricultural practices, mining, energy producers, fishermen, and anyone else whose actions may have an impact on the oceans. The fact is the administration did not work with Congress to develop this plan and has even refused to provide relevant information to Congress, so we can’t be sure how sweeping it actually will be. That is why I support the language in the underlying bill and, therefore, oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, there is an agreement among all of us that there needs to be more coordination among all of the stakeholders to make smart decisions about our ocean resources. However, many on the other side of the aisle oppose the National Ocean Policy on the grounds that, as we have just heard, it is overreach, which is authorized by an executive order of a President that they don’t like. To me, this seems petty. National Ocean Policy is not a failed policy like some suggest, nor is it an instance of executive overreach. It is merely a commonsense way to facilitate multistakeholder collaboration on complex ocean issues, and it promotes economic opportunity, national security, and environmental protection. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). The amendment was rejected. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I will be brief. The night is getting long, and the committee has done some great work on the underlying bill. This amendment is a commonsense amendment, one meant to provide transparency as it relates to the Army Corps of Engineers and the awarding of contracts. When they actually award a technically acceptable lowest bid, the rationale and the other transparency documents would actually be reported that no funds could be extended except for those express purposes. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member, Ms. KAPTUR , her staff, and the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. SIMPSON, and staff and others because they have been working hard. I want to emphasize that this is an amendment that was approved and adopted in an identical form on April 29, 2015, during the 114th Congress, as an amendment to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. I do this amendment because I do believe it is extremely important. If you travel around this country, whether it is Silicon Valley, whether it is NASA, whether it is dealing with energy resources, renewable and otherwise, you realize the importance of science, technology, engineering, and math. Twenty years ago, Mr. Chairman, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing Federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and lowincome populations. The Department of Energy seeks to provide equal access to these opportunities for underrepresented groups in STEM, including minorities, Native Americans, and women. We need professionals in these areas to be able to assess the various impacts, environmental impacts, on the minority community. But, more importantly, we also need our organizations, such as Historically Black Colleges and other colleges, to make sure to include opportunities for minority and women students. They make up 70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM professionals. As the Nation’s demographics change, I think it is imperative that we emphasize in the various Federal agencies that we need to provide and extend opportunities for minorities in science, technology, engineering, and math. Earlier today, I had the opportunity to visit with Scott Kelly. One would call him the miracle astronaut, spending over 300 days on the International Space Station. The International Space Station was the entity built some years ago when I was on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. But to realize that a human being tested himself to stay, an American making history. I believe science, technology, engineering, and math commemorates and celebrates the giant work of Scott Kelly, but it produces more Scott Kellys. I applaud Energy Secretary Moniz’s commitment, which will increase the Nation’s economic competitiveness and enable more of our people to realize their full potential. I would ask my colleagues to support this amendment, as it has been supported in the past, to again, through this legislation, emphasize the importance of science, technology, engineering, and math. I ask support for the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to describe my amendment, which simply provides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Science’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.).’’ This amendment was approved and adopted in identical form on April 29, 2015, during the 114th Congress as an amendment to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Resources Appropriations Act of 2016. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR for their stewardship in bringing this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. Mr. Chair, twenty years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and lowincome populations. The Department of Energy seeks to provide equal access in these opportunities for underrepresented groups in STEM, including minorities, Native Americans, and women. Mr. Chair, women and minorities make up 70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM professionals. As the nation’s demographics are shifting and now most children under the age of one are minorities, it is critical that we close the 
gap in the number of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. I applaud the Energy Secretary Moniz’s commitment which will increase the nation’s economic competitiveness and enable more of our people to realize their full potential. Mr. Chair, there are still a great many scientific riddles left to be solved—and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biologist will comeup with some of the solutions. The larger point is that we need more STEM educators and more minorities to qualify for them. The energy and science education programs funded in part by this bill will help ensure that members of underrepresented communities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustainability, preservation, and health. Through education about the importance of environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. Through community education efforts, teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. The Department of Energy places interns and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy programs. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. With the continuation of this kind of funding, we can increase diversity, provide clean energy options to our most underserved communities, and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. But most importantly businesses will have more consumers to whom they may engage in related commercial activities. My amendment will help ensure that underrepresented communities are able to participate and contribute equitably in the energy and scientific future. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which would prohibit the Department of Energy funding from being used for the Cape Wind offshore wind generation project in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. I offered this amendment in last year’s appropriation, and it was adopted by a voice vote, so I believe it should be fairly noncontroversial. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Nearly 2 years ago, the Department of Energy offered conditional commitments for the Cape Wind project of a $150 million loan guarantee. Since that time, the project has been plagued by setbacks amid concerns about its impact on the environment, disruptions of safety for passenger aircraft, or just the high cost of electricity produced by the proposed facility. Last year, two of the State’s utilities terminated contracts to purchase power from the wind farm, jeopardizing the viability of the project. I believe we should encourage the development of all forms of energy. Renewable sources like wind power are important for our Nation’s energy portfolio. But this project, in particular, has a troubled history. This amendment seeks to ensure that the American taxpayers do not have to foot the bill if the project fails. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, allow me again to thank Mr. SIMPSON  and Ms. KAPTUR for their work on this energy and water bill that is so very important, and emphasize the importance of this legislation to many and all regions of the United States of America. My amendment speaks to the need for robust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers investigations account. Let me be very clear. It speaks to the general need for robust funding for the investigations account, and it speaks to it in terminology of redirecting $3 million for increased funding for postdisaster watershed assessment studies, like the one that is being contemplated for the Houston/Harris County metropolitan area. It does this to emphasize the importance of the investigations account, not to single out a particular project, but for describing a project, which I will take time to do. I am pleased that H.R. 5055 provides $120 million for the investigations account. This is very important to the Army Corps of Engineers. As a Federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the Nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home State of Texas and the 18th Congressional District. Over the last 2 years, Mr. Chairman, 2 years around the exact same time, we didn’t have something called a hurricane. We had a heavy rain in AprilMay of 2015 and April of 2016. 2016 had 20 inches of rain, which was enormous. The damage was unbelievable. Let me cite for you the words from the Greater Houston Partnership that supports this amendment: ‘‘Perhaps the most telling statistic of all: based on the 7,021 calls the United Way of Greater Houston has received through its 2–11 line, 1,937 calls have been requests for ‘food replacement.’’’ The amount of money that was lost was $1.9 billion in damage during the weeks that followed the storm, which includes damage to homes, cars, schools, parks, churches, roadways, and other important elements of our infrastructure. This is what we faced in Houston, Texas. I am recounting that and indicating that we believe this investigations account is so very important. It will have the opportunity, through a $3 million study, to deal with the bayous that are located in the larger Houston/Harris County area: Sims Bayou, Greens Bayou, Brays Bayou, White Oak Bayou, Hunting Bayou, and Clear Creek. Again, let me be very clear. As the Army Corps of Engineers works through their work study program, this investigations account will be enormously important. We have also received a letter from Members of the United States Congress supporting the study of all of the bayous in our community. We want to ensure that the account is robust to provide that possible opportunity. Let me indicate to my colleagues again, the investigations account is $120 million. We rise to support it. We also rise to acknowledge the need for the utilization of those funds all over America, and certainly in Houston/Harris County, Texas, and the surrounding counties, which will help us, through a study, have a better pathway to how we fix this, how do we not have this be Houston next year in 2017. 
Let me thank my colleagues. I reserve the balance of my time. b2045 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, first, let me assure my colleague that I understand her interest in addressing the flooding risks in her district in Houston. Besides the fact that the fiscal year 2017 Energy and Water bill includes a total of $13.3 million above the budget request for flood and storm damage reduction studies, the bill also allows for several new studies to be initiated, and the Corps could choose the study of interest to the gentlewoman as one of them. Since this amendment does not change the funding levels within the bill, I do not oppose the amendment. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, Congresswoman SHEILA  JACKSON LEEhas been absolutely unrelenting in her representation of Houston and of the serious situation that is faced there by the citizenry and leaders because of the flooding. What a tremendous voice she is for the people whom she represents. There isn’t a time that I see her in the elevators or walking around that she doesn’t ask me about this bill and about wanting to come down and amend it to make sure that it is sensitive to the needs of Houston. I just wanted to put that on the record. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the distinguished gentleman and the distinguished gentlewoman for their courtesies. I want the chairman to know that I have acknowledged in my written statement the funds that he has placed in the legislation. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment as a very fine statement that contributes to this bill, to the people of the Nation, but also to the people of Texas and Houston. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment speaks to the need for robust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ‘‘Investigations’’ account by redirecting $3 million for increases funding for postdisaster watershed assessment studies, like the one that is being contemplated for the Houston/Harris County metropolitan area. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that H.R. 5055 provides $120 million for the Investigations account. As the federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineer plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home state of Texas and the Eighteenth Congressional District that I represent. The Army Corps of Engineers has been working with the Harris County I Flood Control District since 1937 to reduce the risk of flooding within Harris County. Current projects include 6 federal flood risk management projects: 1. Sims Bayou 2. Greens Bayou 3. Brays Bayou 4. White Oak Bayou 5. Hunting Bayou, and 6. Clear Creek In addition to these ongoing projects, the Army Corps of Engineers operates and maintains the Addicks and Barker (A&B) Detention Dams in northwest Harris County. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that the bill provides that the Secretary of the Army may initiate up to six new study starts during fiscal year 2017, and that five of those studies are to consist studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from flood and storm damage reduction or from navigation transportation savings. I am optimistic that one of those new study starts will be the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment Flood Risk Management Feasibility study. Such a study is certainly needed given the frequency and severity of historiclevel flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The areas that experienced these historic rain falls were west of 1–45, north of I–10, and Greens Bayou. Additionally, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. The purpose of the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment is to identify risk reduction measures and optimize performance from a multiobjective systems performance perspective of the regional network of nested and intermingled watersheds, reservoir dams, flood flow conveyance channels, storm water detention basins, and related Flood Risk Management (FRM) infrastructure. Special emphasis of the study, which covers 22 primary watersheds within Harris County’s 1,756 square miles, will be placed on extreme flood events that exceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/functions and loss of life. Mr. Chair, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and 8 persons died; during the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and 8 deaths recorded. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion; the 2016 estimate is being compiled and is estimated to be well above $2 billion. Mr. Chair, minimizing the risk of flood damage to the Houston and Harris County metropolitan area, the nation’s 4th largest, is a matter of national significance because the region is one of the nation’s major technology, energy, finance, export and medical centers: 1. Port of Houston is the largest bulk port in the world; 2. Texas Medical Center is a world renowned teaching, research and treatment center; 3. Houston is home to the largest conglomeration of foreign bank representation and second only to New York City as home to the most Fortune 500 companies; and 4. The Houston Watershed Assessment study area sits within major Hurricane Evacuation arteries for the larger Galveston Gulf Coast region. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment for the Environmental Justice Program. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. GREATER HOUSTON PARTNERSHIP , May 26, 2016. Hon. SHEILA JACKSON LEE, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE JACKSON LEE, as you know, on April 18, 2016, the Houston region experienced unprecedented rain and flooding. According to an estimate prepared by BBVA Compass, Houston experienced over $1.9 billion in damage during the weeks that followed the storm, which includes damage to homes, cars, schools, parks, churches, roadways and other important elements of our infrastructure. For many, the recent storms have affected every aspect of their quality of life. Perhaps the most telling statistic of all: based on the 7,021 calls the United Way of Greater Houston has received through its 2–1–1 line, 1,937 calls have been requests for ‘‘food replacement.’’ We greatly appreciate your leadership ensuring the Houston area receives appropriate federal funding to help Houston heal and make it more resilient in the future. To that end, we are supportive of the requested $3 million for a study by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to investigate flood risk management opportunities in the Houston metropolitan area by analyzing the watersheds as a system of systems. Sincerely, BOBHARVEY , President and CEO. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 26, 2016. Hon. HALROGERS , Chairman, House Committee on Appropriations, Washington, DC. Hon. NITALOWEY , Ranking Member, House Committee on Appropriations, Washington DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROGERS AND RANKING  MEMBER LOWEY : We write to the Committee on Appropriations to allocate $3 million in the FY 2016 supplemental funding for a 3 year study to be conducted by the Army Corps of Engineers that will investigate flood risk management opportunities in the Houston metropolitan area by analyzing the watersheds as a system of systems. This request for funding is based upon the frequency and severity of flood events in and around the Houston metropolitan area. 
An estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeded the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The records are based upon time period of rain fall, the location of the rain fall, and the duration of the event over a watershed. The areas that experienced these historic rain falls were west of 1–45, north of I–10, and Greens Bayou. Further, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. The study we seek funding will identify risk reduction measures and optimize performance from a multiobjective systems performance perspective of the regional network of nested and intermingled watersheds, reservoir dams, flood flow conveyance channels, storm water detention basins, and related Flood Risk Management (FRM) infrastructure. Special emphasis will be placed on extreme flood events that exceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/functions and loss of life. The study area includes 22 primary watersheds within the county’s 1,756 square miles, each having unique flooding problems. These include SpringCreek, Little Cypress Creek, Willow Creek, Cypress Creek, Addicks, Barker, Buffalo Bayou, Clear Creek, Sims Bayou, Brays Bayou, White Oak Bayou, Greens Bayou, Hunting Bayou, Vince Bayou, Armand Bayou, Carpenters Bayou, San Jacinto River, Jackson Bayou, Luce Bayou, Cedar Bayou, Spring Gully and Goose Creek, and San Jacinto and Galveston Bay Estuaries. The flooding problems in the watershed are frequent, widespread, and severe, with projects to reduce flood risks in place that are valued at several billion dollars. Recent historical flooding in the region was documented in 1979, 1980, 1983, 1989, 1993, 1994, 1997, 2001 (Tropical Storm Allison), 2006, 2007, 2008 (Hurricane Ike), 2015 and was most recently demonstrated during the significant flooding, widespread damages, and losses of life during the 12 hour flood event from April 17– 18, 2016. The study will involve coordination with local, state and federal stakeholders to comprehensively evaluate the life safety, economic, and environmental impacts of potential regional flooding, as well as land use that is managed by local entities so future regional development is regulated to avoid individual and cumulative impacts of the broad pattern and rapid pace of development that contribute to poor FRM systems performance. Thank you for your careful consideration of this request is appreciated. If you have questions contact Glenn Rushing glenn.rushing@mail.house.gov in Congresswoman Jackson Lee’s office. Sheila Jackson Lee (TX–18), Rube ´n Hinojosa (TX–15), Filemon Vela (TX–34), Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX–30), Marc Veasey (TX–33), Randy K. Weber (TX– 14), Michael McCaul (TX–10), Blake Farenthold (TX–27), Pete Olson (TX– 22), Gene Green (TX–29), Al Green (TX– 09), Dan Kildee (MI–05), Joaquin Castro (TX–20), Henry Cuellar (TX–28), Members of Congress. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, I offer an amendment to protect Americans from the costly regulations this administration or future administrations may try to issue before the President leaves office. My amendment would prohibit funds from being used to propose or to finalize any major regulation from November 8 to January 20 of next year. In the past, we have seen administrations issue politically motivated regulations between the day of the election and the day the new President takes office. In 2000 and in 2008, the number of midnight regulations issued was nearly double the average of nonmidnight regulations. We expect this administration to maintain this practice, and with the nature of the regulations we have seen from the Federal agencies over the past 8 years, this amendment is more important than ever. I would like to briefly thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) for leading on this issue in the House. Let’s hold the executive branch in check in its remaining days so that families and businesses across the country don’t fall victim to unnecessary, burdensome regulations. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, this amendment is actually costly, inefficient, and it rolls back progress in a department that has really been experiencing tremendous leadership under Dr. Ernest Moniz. The Mullin amendment would stop the Department of Energy from proposing or finalizing any rule that may cost more than $100 million annually, the Congressman says. Mr. Chair, this is just another attempt to ensure that agencies are unable to enact important rules and regulations that protect consumers and benefit our Nation. What if that had been done back when the Clean Water Act was first passed? We would have had communities across this country pumping sewage into their kitchens. At the DOE alone, the Mullin amendment would stall 14 rules that are currently in progress, a third of which are consensus agreements that the DOE has worked with industry to finalize. The amendment would also waste valuable manpower and resources for both the DOE and the industries involved in these consensus agreements. This makes no sense. We need to move on with the business of America. Taking a myopic view of our Nation’s regulatory practices is nothing new for this majority. Time and again, we have seen appropriation riders and authorizing legislation that only looks at the costs that are associated with agency rules and that completely ignores the associated benefits to our country. This amendment is no different. These proposals overlook the extensive review process that already exists for rules. For example, every new rule is already scrutinized up and down by numerous Federal agencies as well as by key stakeholders and the public through very, very extensive input that agencies seek. Let me explain. For economically significant rules, an agency must provide the Office of Management and Budget with an assessment and, to the extent possible, with a quantification of the benefits as well as of the costs of a proposed rule. In accordance with Executive Order No. 12866, the agency has to justify the costs associated with the rule, and these costs are justified with benefits, which is something the Mullin amendment appears to think doesn’t exist, but that is simply false. For example, in his 2015 analysis of the estimated costs and benefits of significant Federal regulations, the OMB estimated that, over the last decade, the benefits of these rules outweighed the economic costs by nine to one—and that is OMB. These benefits have translated into real money for the American taxpayer. As a result of standards established by the DOE, a typical American household already saves over $200 a year on its energy bill. That comes in different forms. Whether it is a more efficient refrigerator or whether it is light bulbs or whether it is insulation, we all know the benefits. Besides economic benefits, these standards provide benefits to our environment and the wellbeing of our communities. The 40 new or updated standards issued by the DOE will assist in reducing carbon emissions by over 2 million metric tons through 2030, and will help this Nation curb climate change, which we all know threatens the health of our environment as well as of our communities. Republicans should stop trying to undermine the rulemaking process. They should stop ignoring the realworld benefits of these rules to society and the progress that we are making as a country. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, with respect to my colleague, I do want to point out that the Clean Water Act had absolutely nothing to do with pumping sewage into someone’s house. It had to do 
with the direct discharge into navigable waters, like in Mississippi. It has nothing to do with what we are talking about or with what the gentlewoman brought up. Second of all, when the gentlewoman starts talking about its being costly, the last time I checked, the cost of living has skyrocketed due to the regulations, due to the amount of inflation that has been brought on by regulations and from the costs of doing business. As a businessowner, I well understand the costs. Through rulemaking, the legislators lose the ability to legislate, which is what our Founding Fathers had decided to do when they set up the legislative branch. We surrender that when we allow the executive branch to go crazy towards the end of the year to clean the slate of their last year in office. Let me give you some numbers. Under the Carter administration— this is how far I am going to go back, and don’t think that this is a Republican thing or a Democrat thing. During the midnight hours of regulations, which is considered to be November 8 to January 20, the Carter administration issued 24,531 pages of midnight regulations. The Reagan administration issued 14,584 pages of midnight regulations. The Bush administration issued 20,148 pages of midnight regulations. The Clinton administration issued 26,542 pages of midnight regulations. Mind you, this is between the election in November until he leaves office in January. Bush: 21,251 pages. All I am saying is let’s be the legislators our Founding Fathers set up, and let’s not allow the executive branch to allow rulemaking to go on and bypass the legislative branch. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment so we can hold this administration accountable. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, my previous amendment dealt with the Investigations account, which is the predecessor to the Construction account. Before I begin the discussion, let me say that I took to the floor of the House in May, after the floods occurred in Houston, and had a moment of silence for the eight people who had died in those floods. Mr. Chair, this was not a hurricane, and it was not a tornado. It was hard rain that caused individuals in their cars to drown. It was very, very tragic. Some going to work, some nurses, some students who were drowning in their cars. This is what it looked like in my district. It looked the same way in 2015 and again in 2016. The Construction account, for which I want to thank Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. SIMPSON , has $1.94 billion. I believe the Construction account is very important to Members across the Nation. Certainly, it is important to the HoustonHarris County region, with other counties around. As the Federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor flood and storm damage and shore protection, this is important construction money that will be vital to preventing this kind of catastrophe—first a study, then the construction. The areas that may be impacted by the Army Corps’ resources include Sims Bayou, Greens Bayou, Brays Bayou, White Oak Bayou, Hunting Bayou, and Clear Creek Bayou. These are the areas that spilt over and caused the enormous damage. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500year flood event. That is why these construction dollars are so important. The areas that experienced these historic rainfalls were west of I–45, north of I–10 and Greens Bayou—my congressional district, among others. Finally, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,000 homes were flooded, and eight people died. During the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded, and, again, eight deaths were recorded. As for my previous numbers, April 15, 2016, was when they had this constant rain—240 billion gallons. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion. This Construction account is so very important. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, which is the broader view of how these dollars can be utilized to save lives, in particular in regions that I happen to live in, which is the HoustonHarris County area. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment speaks to the need for robust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ‘‘Construction’’ account by redirecting $100 million for increased funding for critical construction projects, like those current and future projects proposed for the Houston/Harris County metropolitan area. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that H.R. 5055 provides $1.945 billion for the Construction account. As the federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home state of Texas and the Eighteenth Congressional District that I represent. The Army Corps of Engineers has been working with the Harris County Flood Control District since 1937 to reduce the risk of flooding within Harris County. Current projects include 6 federal flood risk management projects: 1. Sims Bayou 2. Greens Bayou 3. Brays Bayou 4. White Oak Bayou 5. Hunting Bayou, and 6. Clear Creek In addition to these ongoing projects, the Army Corps of Engineers operates and maintains the Addicks and Barker (A&B) Detention Dams in northwest Harris County. Such a study is certainly needed given the frequency and severity of historiclevel flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area. It is clear that much more needs to be done to minimize the vulnerability of the nation’s 4th largest metropolitan area and economic engine from the flood damage. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The areas that experienced these historic rainfalls were west of 1–45, north of I 10, and Greens Bayou. Additionally, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. Mr. Chair, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and 8 persons died; during the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and 8 deaths recorded. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion; the 2016 estimate is being compiled and is estimated to be well above $2 billion. Mr. Chair, minimizing the risk of flood damage to the Houston and Harris County metropolitan area, the nation’s 4th largest, is a matter of national significance because the region is one of the nation’s major technology, energy, finance, export and medical centers: 1. Port of Houston is the largest bulk port in the world; 
2. Texas Medical Center is a world renowned teaching, research and treatment center; 3. Houston is home to the largest conglomeration of foreign bank representation and second only to New York City as home to the most Fortune 500 companies; and 4. The Houston Watershed Assessment study area sits within major Hurricane Evacuation arteries for the larger Galveston Gulf Coast region. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment. I thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member KAPTUR for their work in shepherding this bill to the floor. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b2100 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, first let me assure my colleague that I understand the issue prompting this amendment. Seeing our communities flood and our constituents struggling to deal with the aftermath of flooding, especially when there are projects already planned to prevent such flooding, can be extremely frustrating. That is why the energy and water bills over the past several years have included significant funding above the budget request for the Corps of Engineers flood and storm damage reduction mission. In fact, the fiscal year 2017 energy and water bill more than doubles the budget requested from the administration for construction of these projects. It is an increase of 113 percent, or $457 million. More specifically, the bill includes $392 million in additional funding, for which the Houston area projects could compete. That amount is $82 million more than the amount provided in the fiscal year 2016 act. Additionally, the committee report directs the Corps to consider the severity of risks of flooding or the frequency with which an area has experienced flooding when deciding how to allocate the additional funding provided. The bill provides strong support for addressing flood risks. Because the amendment does not actually change funding levels and, so, does not upset the balance of priorities within this bill, I will not oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, again I thank Mr. SIMPSON for recounting that information and Ms. KAPTUR for the leadership that she has given and the understanding of the plight that we are in. Flood control is critical to dams and harbors, and it is most critical of all as infrastructure. That is what the construction funding will do. We understand that this now will give us the opportunity for long overdue projects that are dealing with major flooding. The previous amendment giving us a work plan through the Army Corps of Engineers will again be instructive and helpful to saving lives and reducing the enormity of loss and the enormity of damage that has been caused to these areas. I ask for support of the Jackson Lee amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment which will prevent the administration from causing unnecessary delays and blocking important information from being released to the general public under the Freedom of Information Act. In 2009, the White House released a secret memo to every executive department and agency urging them to consult with counsel at the White House before releasing any documents or fulfilling any requests that may involve ‘‘White House equities.’’ Last year the Department of Energy, Office of Inspector General, released a special report titled The Department of Energy’s Freedom of Information Act Process. In this report, Federal investigators determined that, in numerous cases where the Department of Energy’s general counsel had provided their FOIA response to the White House, ‘‘the FOIA case file was incomplete and did not contain all of the documents related to the FOIA response.’’ What does that mean, Mr. Chairman? As the report tells us, incomplete documentation in these cases prevents us from being absolutely certain we know what changes or redactions were made when the White House reviewed the documents. Further, we don’t know how many records requests submitted to the Department of Energy were blocked by the White House. For an administration that once sought to be the most transparent administration in our Nation’s history, actions such as these do nothing to inspire trust or confidence amongst the American people. It took a FOIA request in 2014 to reveal that, out of more than 450 Department of the Interior inspector general requests, the Obama administration only allowed the IG to release three reports. While that stat is troubling, figures released by the Associated Press this year through their annual FOIA review are even more disturbing. The annual review covers Freedom of Information Act requests made to more than 100 different Federal agencies. Shockingly, the AP reported in March that, in 2015, the American people received censored responses or nothing in 77 percent of all FOIA requests, redacted releases or nothing in response to nearly 600,000 Freedom of Information Act requests. Absolutely shameful. Daniel Epstein, executive director of the nonprofit government watchdog Cause of Action, said it best when he stated: ‘‘Information seekers, whether they’re individuals, members of the news media or public interest groups, should be extremely troubled by the fact that this White House has been interfering with how Federal agencies comply with the Freedom of Information Act.’’ This amendment is supported by Americans for Tax Reform; the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; the National Taxpayers Union; the Taxpayers Protection Alliance; Concerned Citizens for America, Arizona Chapter; the Gila County Cattle Growers Association; and the Sulphur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative. Agency officials that want to comply with the law and respond to Freedom of Information Act requests in a timely manner should not be blocked from doing so because of an arbitrary memo from the White House. The Department of Energy IG and numerous government watchdog groups claim the memo that my amendment defunds is limiting public access under the Freedom of Information Act. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and defund this unlawful memo. I also want to thank the distinguished chair and ranking member for their work on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. POEof Texas). The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I am opposed to the amendment as the provision interferes with the standard practice spanning administrations of both parties and raises potential constitutional concerns. It is standard practice for agencies processing Freedom of Information Act 
requests to confer with other executive branch entities with equities, including the White House, prior to releasing documents. Agencies refer documents to the White House just as they refer documents to other agencies. The practice of agencies consulting with the White House prior to Freedom of Information Act requests regarding White House equities is longstanding, spanning administrations of both parties. The Reagan administration issued a memorandum in 1988 directing such consultation. Finally, the provision could interfere with the President’s ability to protect privileged information and thereby could raise constitutional concerns in some applications. This is just one more instance of the majority prioritizing message amendments rather than getting on with the hard work of legislating. I oppose this amendment. It has no place on an appropriations bill and should be defeated. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, once again I would like to just actually reiterate these responses. Seventyseven percent of all FOIA requests were not complied with. Redacted releases are nothing in response to nearly 600,000 Freedom of Information Act requests. Once again, smoke and mirrors. When are we going to get this? I would ask everybody to vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, on May 24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet performance that required all new lightduty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be alternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel. My amendment echoes the President’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new lightduty vehicles unless that purchase is made in accord with the President’s memorandum. I have submitted identical language to 20 different appropriations bills over the past few years, and every time it has been accepted by both the majority and the minority. I hope my amendment will receive similar support today. Global oil prices are down. We no longer pay $147 per barrel. But spikes in oil prices would still have profound repercussions for our economy. The primary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. We can change that with alternative technologies that exist today. The Federal Government operates the largest fleet of lightduty vehicles in America, over 640,000 vehicles. More than 55,000 of those vehicles are within the jurisdiction of this bill, being used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, and the Army Corps of Engineers. When I was in Brazil a few years ago, I saw how they diversified their fuel use. People there can drive to a gasoline station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gasoline or ethanol. They make their choice based on cost or whatever criteria they deem important. I want the same choice for American consumers. That is why I am proposing a bill in Congress, as I have done many times in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of or in addition to gasoline. It is less than $100 per vehicle. That is a separate issue, but I raise it because it is in conjunction with what I am proposing here. If they can do it in Brazil, we can do it here. So, in conclusion, expanding the role these alternative technologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreign governmentcontrolled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic security and protect consumers. Again, I have submitted this in different appropriations bills through the years, and it has always passed unanimously by both Democrats and Republicans. I hope it will be the same. I ask that my colleagues support the Engel amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment which will help prevent an unnecessary tax increase on hardworking families and send a strong message from the House of Representatives that we oppose the administration’s new mandatory climate change transportation program. In February, the Obama administration proposed creating a new program nicknamed the 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan that aims to spend $320 billion over the next 10 years and divert precious taxpayer funds to selfdriving cars, highspeed rail, and mass transit in the name of preserving the environment. In fact, $20 billion of the estimated $32 billion each year for this proposed program won’t go to roads or bridges, but instead will be squandered on inefficient programs that require significant taxpayer subsidies. To pay for the majority of this unlawful $320 billion program, the Obama administration has proposed a $10.25 tax on every barrel of oil. This new tax on crude oil and petroleum products will inevitably be passed on to hardworking Americans that can’t afford another new tax increase from the Obama administration. In fact, the $10.25 perbarrel tax is estimated to add an additional 25 cents to the cost of every gallon of gasoline. Millions of energyrelated jobs will be put at risk and lowincome families will be forced to bear larger financial burdens as a result of this unnecessary tax that is being proposed to pay for Obama’s flawed climate change transportation program. In the Department of Energy’s fiscal year 2017 budget, the agency requested $1.3 billion for this year and $11.3 billion over the next 10 years to fund the administration’s 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan. My amendment rejects the new $10.25 tax on every barrel of crude oil and prohibits funding in this bill for the administration’s flawed climate change transportation program. This amendment is supported by Americans for Limited Government; Americans for Tax Reform; the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; the National Taxpayer Union; the Taxpayers Protection Alliance; Concerned Citizens for America, Arizona Chapter; the Gila County Cattle Growers Association; and the Sulphur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative. I thank the distinguished chair and ranking member for their work on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. b2115 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman has hit a very soft spot with me here, the automotive and trucking industries, so vital to my area of the country and so vital to the whole economy. Actually, the manufacturing part of America, as it recovers, is lifting us to new heights with economic growth. I rise in strong opposition to this amendment because, again, it takes America backward, not forward. This amendment seeks to prohibit funding for the Department of Energy’s 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, which is a fantastic initiative which would set America on a long term path to achieving our economic and climate goals. I am telling you, when you see some of what is being done with new materials science, with new composites, with metals and plastics technologies, I can go from Ford’s Ecoboost engine, to Chrysler’s new vehicles, to Dana’s new axle plant being built in the Midwest, to General Motors and the wonderful work that they are doing at Brook Park. One plant after another, you can see the results of innovation where the Department of Energy, working with the private sector, is bringing the future to us every day. The 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan would scale up clean transportation research and development, critical for the clean transportation systems of the future. Did you know that in the internal combustion engine we still do not understand how fuel actually burns? The Department of Energy is doing wonderful research to try to help important companies like Cummins Engine figure out how fuel is actually used in those engines to make them more efficient. We have to talk about reducing the cost of batteries and developing low carbon fuels such as biofuels. We don’t have all the answers. Industry alone doesn’t do it alone because some of this is basic research. We also are involved in funding the development of regional lowcarbon fueling infrastructure, including charging stations for electric vehicles for those people who choose to purchase those and pumps for hydrogen fuel cell cars. Yes, we are inventing the future. You know what? It feels pretty good. Finally, it would investigate future mobility and intelligent transportation systems like vehicle connectivity and selfdriving cars. Last week the Motor & Equipment Manufacturers Association was up here, and I went over to the northeastern part of the city, drove a Peterbilt truck with Bendix technology and with the automatic braking systems that are just incredible in a vehicle that has a cubic ratio of about 480 cubic inches to that engine. What an incredible piece of engineering that is. The Department of Energy is always driving us into the future, and that is where we need to go. Our Nation has always been a leader on innovation. To sustain this pace, we must continue to invest in programs like the 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, which drives our economy forward. The automotive industry and all the related suppliers, including trucks, represent about one out of every seven jobs in this country. We are in stiff competition with markets that are closed, with markets that try to target our industry and snuff them out of existence. I think that we have to do everything possible. I cochair the House Automotive Caucus here along with Congressman MIKEKELLY of Pennsylvania, and I would have to say that the gentleman’s amendment does not take us forward, but backward. I would urge my colleagues to oppose it very, very strongly. Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s comments. Getting back to the amendment, I would remind the gentleman offering the amendment, A, that this is not the tax committee, that any $10 tax on a barrel of oil would come out of the Ways and Means Committee. I don’t see that coming out of the Ways and Means Committee, but it is not included in this bill. The other thing that I would remind the gentleman of is there is no—I repeat no—funding in this bill for the President’s 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, the mandatory funding that was proposed by the administration. There is no funding in this bill for it; so, this amendment does nothing. It strikes no funding because there is no funding in this bill. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I want to remind everybody that $20 billion of the estimated $32 billion each year for this proposed program won’t go to roads or bridges, but to these inefficient programs. I guess we are going to the future. We are $19 trillion in debt and soon to be $22 trillion and $23 trillion and $24 trillion in debt. Yes, I do understand, in the Department of Energy’s fiscal year 2017 budget, the agency requested $1.3 billion for this year and $11.3 billion over the next 10 years to fund the administration’s 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan. Now, while the budget request this year happened to be mandatory, next year it could be discretionary. The House has not taken action to date to reject the $10.25 tax on every barrel of oil and to this fundamentally flawed program. My amendment rejects that tax increase and the Obama administration’s new climate change transportation program. I urge adoption of this commonsense amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I think what I have before all of us is a commonsense amendment. It simply says that the advanced technology vehicle manufacturing loan program will continue to exist, but there can be no additional loans. The reason that I do so is, when I came and offered this amendment last year, I had a cutting amendment last year, but what was explained to me was that, if you cut the program, then you wouldn’t have money to administer the existing loans that were out there. So, as a result, I have altered this amendment so that it again leaves in place the appropriation, which is more than $5 million, so that you could continue to administer the existing loans that are in place, but there would be no additional loans. Now, why do I think that that is important? I think it is important for a couple different reasons. I think, from a Democratic standpoint, what we would say is that we all believe in equality and that there shouldn’t be subsidized loans for major corporations, global corporations, here in the United States while your cousin’s pizza business is struggling or your friend’s landscaping business is struggling. They don’t get subsidized loans. Why should a big business? So, from a Democratic standpoint, I think we would hold that belief. From a Republican standpoint, we would say we need to watch out for the taxpayer. If you look at the default rate on these loans, unfortunately, it has been relatively high. You would say: I don’t know if government is in the best spot to be making these kinds of loans to businesses. I think that ultimately is the role not of government, but of business. Let them do what they do. I think from both vantage points it is something that makes sense. I would add just a couple of additional thoughts and then I would yield. I would say, one, there have been only five loans made since 2007. This is 
not a huge program. This is a very limited program. Two, two out of the five loans made since 2007, in fact, have defaulted. That is a 40 percent default rate. I don’t think that that is the kind of thing that we would like to see in government. There have been no loans made since 2011. And then the GAO came in March of 2013 and said the costs outweigh the benefits of this program. They followed that up with another GAO report in March of 2014 and said: We recommend shutting down the program unless the Department of Energy can show real demand for the loans. Then they followed that up with a final GAO report in March of this year, and it said that there hadn’t been a sufficient level of demand. As a consequence, their words were this: Determining whether funds will be used is important, particularly in a constrained fiscal environment. This Congress should rescind unused appropriations or direct them to other government priorities. I think the simple issue with this loan program is that there could be other priorities where you take that $4 billion of loan authority and let other parts of government use it or turn it back to the private sector and use that money much more effectively. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I just want to state that I don’t want people who may be listening to this, other Members who may be listening to this, to get the impression that we are putting money in here for the Loan Guarantee Program. There is no money in the underlying bill for the ATVM additional new loans. The only money in there is to administer the existing loans. I understand what the gentleman is saying. I agree with the gentleman. I just don’t want Members to think that we are putting money into the program when we are not. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I very, very much appreciate what the chairman pointed out. Again, that is why I think it is so important to simply codify this notion that we won’t go forward. The money is in there for administration of existing loans. It is just saying that we are not going to go out and administer new ones, given the other needs that exist within both the public and the private sector for funds like this. Mr. Chair, I will reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. Any proposal to sunset the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Program or limit the pipeline of projects that may be eligible is shortsighted and should be rejected. Why? First, the program is a critical one for the American automotive industry and has supported its resurgence. They have issued more than $8 billion in loans to date, and these loans have resulted in the manufacture of more than 4 million fuelefficient advanced vehicles, supported approximately 35,000 direct jobs across eight States, including California, Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Kentucky, New York, and Tennessee, and saved more than 1.35 million gallons of gasoline. Not too bad. The success has been achieved with losses of only approximately 2 percent of a total portfolio of $32 billion for the loan programs office. That is a lower percent than most banks have on the loans that they make. What we are talking about here is higher level research, higher level investments in technologies that are yet being born. Why else should we reject this amendment? Instituting an arbitrary and immediate deadline for applications to this program would result in the Department losing billions of dollars in loan authority itself. The program currently has billions in loan requests in the pipeline from both automakers and component manufacturers for projects in 10 States. Thirdly, capping the program of eligible projects will hinder the Department’s ability to issue new loans to support domestic manufacturing of advanced vehicles especially at a time when we are asking the industry to meet rising fuel economy standards. It is really amazing what has been done just in the last 15 years. When we look at some of the vehicles coming out now, we are seeing vehicles like the Cruze, 33 miles a gallon. Some are going up to 40, some to 50. It is really amazing what has happened, the transformation that is happening in this industry that we are living through directly. I oppose the gentleman’s amendment because I really do believe innovation has always led us into the future. This is the kind of program that can provide the capital necessary to expand our domestic manufacturing when so much of it is being offshored. It is a major issue in the Presidential election this year in both political parties, how we are going to restore manufacturing in this country. We have to do it through innovation. We have to do it in sectors that are muscle sectors like the automotive and truck industry that are so vital and produce real wealth for this country, not imported wealth, but wealth that we produce ourselves through all the componentry, the thousands and thousands and thousands of components that go into these vehicles, and the fuel efficiency that makes them competitive in the marketplace of today. I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I would agree with much of what my colleague said just a moment ago. I think that innovation is, indeed, the gateway to the future, but I would argue that great innovation has been led by the private sector, not by loan guarantees to major corporations. You think about Steve Jobs and his partner opening up that business in basically what amounted to the basement of a house. That is not what we are talking about here. I think some of the great innovations will come from small businesses that don’t see this kind of financial advantage. Two, I would make the point that this is not about just helping American companies. One of the largest loans out there was to Mazda, which is not an American company. Ford is—that is one of the other big loans, but Mazda is not. I would put this in the larger classification of Reagan’s words: The closest thing to eternal life is a government program. This is one of those government programs that has not proved successful, and I think it is important that we wean government programs. We prune them where they don’t make sense. Forty percent is, in fact, the default rate. If you add up all the numbers, it amounts to 2 percent. But most people when they think of default and what the American Bankers Association would think of when they think of default is divided by the number of loans out there, what percent defaulted, and that number happens to be a real 40 percent, not 2 percent of the aggregate amount of the total loans out there. b2130 Finally, I would again go back to this simple point. I agree with my colleagues about what they have said on the need for innovation and for reform, but I don’t think it will be led through a loan program that has seen any number of defaults in the process. That money could be redeployed to education and a whole host of our primary needs in this country. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
propose, or finalize the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that was published by the Department of Energy on December 19, 2014, at 79 Fed. Reg. 76,142, titled, ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Dishwashers’’, the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that was published by the Department of Energy on August 13, 2015, at 80 Fed. Reg. 48,624, titled, ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’, or the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that was published by the Department of Energy on August 19, 2015, at 80 Fed. Reg. 50,462, titled, ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Refrigerated Bottled or Canned Vending Machines’’. 
Mr. BUCK (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to waive the reading. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, this amendment returns choice to consumers and keeps the price of products affordable. The Department of Energy’s energy conservation program issues efficiency regulations for everyday appliances like dishwashers and vending machines. The rules are based on a cost benefit analysis, but the analysis is vague and skewed to the desired outcome. Rather than improving the lives of consumers, these mandates drive up the cost of appliances. To address the rising costs and the crackdown on consumer choice, this amendment prohibits energy mandates on residential dishwashers, ceiling fan light kits, and vending machines. Individuals should have a choice of whether or not to buy these appliances. As consumer demand for efficiency increases, the market will find a way to produce appliances that save more energy. This amendment stops the administration from implementing their radical green energy agenda on the backs of American families. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. My colleague’s amendment would prohibit the use of funds at the Department of Energy to propose efficiency standards for ceiling fan light kits, residential dishwashers, and vending machines. Mr. Chairman, the law in question allows for executive overreach by prescribing what industry can and cannot sell and what consumers can and cannot buy. Industry has legitimate concerns about the government forcing a wholesale change to a market for something as common as a dishwasher. This amendment reins back this overreaching regulation, and I support this amendment and recommend my colleagues vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. It is just one more instance where the majority is saddling the consumer with everincreasing energy bills. We know how the standards have really saved consumers money over the years. I have some figures here that are very interesting. A typical household saves about $216 a year off their energy bills now as a result of renewed standards. As people replace their appliances with newer models, they can expect to save more than $453 annually by 2030. The cumulative utility bill savings to consumers from all standards in effect since 1987 are estimated to be nearly $1 trillion by 2020 and grow to nearly $2 trillion through 2030. Invention does matter. And the application of that to our daily life really matters. The efficiency standards have spurred innovation that dramatically expanded options for consumers. It is time to choose common sense over rigid ideology, and it is time to listen to the manufacturing companies, consumer groups, and efficiency advocates, who all agree this rider is harmful. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Buck amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). The amendment was agreed to. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I know that the committee has worked hard to get a bill that is going to come into the numbers. Unfortunately, I disagree with the $1.070 trillion number that is in the Bipartisan Budget Act. I like the Budget Control Act’s number of $1.040 trillion. A $30 billion difference doesn’t sounds like a lot when you are talking about trillions of dollars, but I tell you, to my constituents, with $19 trillion debt, it does make a difference. The funding level of this bill is $37.444 billion. I will be offering an amendment, which I offer every year to our spending bills, to cut 1 percent across the board. That would yield us $374 million in budget authority savings, and outlays savings of $222 million. I know it doesn’t sound like a lot, but it is simply taking one penny out of every dollar that is appropriated. And that, quite frankly, is the type of scrimping and saving that our constituents and American families are having to do all across this country in order to make their budgets work. I am fully aware of the strong opposition that many have to making those 1 percent acrosstheboard cuts. As I have offered these amendments, many times I am told that cuts of this magnitude go far too deep, that they would be very damaging to our Nation’s security, but I kind of agree with Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman MULLIN when he said the greatest threat to our Nation’s security is our Nation’s debt. I think we ought not to be putting future generations at risk, and we should be working toward reducing what our Federal outlays are every single year and working toward balancing the budget. It means yes, we have to go in and cut that penny out of a dollar and save it for our children and our grandchildren to get this Nation back on the right track. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I commend the gentlewoman for her consistency. She always has these amendments to cut 1 percent across the board out of the appropriations bills, and I appreciate her consistent work to protect the taxpayer dollars, but this is an approach that, frankly, I can’t support. While the President may have proposed a budget that exceeds this bill, the increases were paid for with proposals and gimmicks that would never be enacted. This bill makes the tough choices within an allocation that adheres to current law. You may not agree with current law, but it is the current law, and that is what we had to go with. Since there wasn’t a budget resolution passed, what we ended up with is current law; and that is the allocation that we have, and that is what we stayed within. I don’t think the Appropriations Committee gets enough credit over the last several years for the work we have been doing in reducing Federal spending. If you look at the total Federal budget and the amount of discretionary spending and mandatory spending, at one time it was about twothirds discretionary spending and onethird mandatory spending 30 or 40 years ago. Then, about 5 years ago, it was one third discretionary spending and two thirds mandatory spending. That is Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security entitlements. 
Since we have taken control the last 5 years, that onethird of the budget that is discretionary spending is about 28 percent now. As it continues to go down in relationship to the entire budget, we cut discretionary spending more and more. We have made difficult tradeoffs that had to be made in this bill to balance it with our needs. We prioritize funding for critical infrastructure and for our national defense. These tradeoffs were carefully weighed for their respective impacts and are responsible. Yet the gentlewoman’s amendment imposes an acrosstheboard cut on every one of these programs, even the national defense programs, which are vitally important. This makes no distinction between where we need to be spending to invest in our infrastructure, promote jobs, and meet our national security needs, like meeting the Ohioclass submarine dates so that we can get the Ohioclass submarine done, so that we can do the refurbishment of our nuclear stockpile, so that we can do the other things that are important on the national defense side of this budget. It makes no distinction between those and where we need to limit spending to meet our deficit reduction goals. Therefore, I must oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, indeed, the Appropriations Committee does deserve some credit. But also, passing the Budget Control Act with the 2 percent acrosstheboard spending reduction in discretionary spending deserves some credit also, because it shows the effectiveness of what those cuts can do. Governors use this, Democratic and Republican alike. They do it because their States have balanced budget amendments, and they can’t crank up the printing press and print the money. I would encourage my colleagues to take a step toward fiscal responsibility, get inside and cut one more penny out of a dollar. We can do that on every appropriation that we have. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Missouri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, in May of 2011, under the strong objections of numerous folks in southeast Missouri and my predecessor, the Army Corps of Engineers activated the Birds Point levee, which is the second time since 1937. This resulted in an extensive amount of damage: over $156 million worth of damage and flooding of over 130,000 acres. In that place, homes and communities were completely destroyed and crops were lost. After the water receded, many residents simply chose not to ever return home and back to their community. These are individuals that lived there for numerous generations. One community, a small town called Pinhook in Mississippi County, right in the boot heel, that no longer exists after the activation of that floodway. The amendment that I have today is quite simple, Mr. Chairman. It says, when an activation of the Birds Point levee occurs, we must build it back. Not anything else other than if there is an activation, the government must build it back. If they destroy a community by activating and blowing up a levee, they must build it back. The amendment is extremely simple. Had families in the Birds Point floodway had the assurance that a plan was already in place, perhaps they would have chosen to return back to their home for generations. When river levels rise, safety is always the number one concern. But the Corps of Engineers should never, under any circumstances, breach a levee without already having in place plans for its restoration, allowing for residents to return to their lives as soon as possible. b2145 I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and give assurance to Americans who live in floodways that their homes and livelihoods matter, and to remove any uncertainty that, should the worst happen, their lives can return to normal. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. First, let me assure the gentleman that I understand his concerns and appreciate his passion for protecting his constituents. I agree with him that, if the floodway is required to be operated in a major flood event, the levee should be restored as soon as possible after the flood event. In fact, the committee report on this bill makes that very point. Unfortunately, the amendment and the impacts of it are not clear. It is possible that the amendment would actually increase flood risks for other communities within the Mississippi River and tributaries project area. Without understanding the effects of the amendment, I must oppose it. Mr. BOST. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, I do stand in opposition, reluctant opposition. I have a tremendous respect for the gentleman from Missouri. I understand what he is trying to do, and that is that if the activation of the Birds Point levee does occur, that it should be built back. But when you read the language, the concern I have is that it would actually stop the activation of the levee in the first place. Understand, when these levees were first built, there were certain key points that were pressure release valves. The Birds Point was one of those. So as it rises, the Army Corps of Engineers has explained through a process of when to go in. And when we say crevasse, we mean we have to actually put explosive charges into the levee to relieve the pressure so that other areas—this is the way the system was built. It was designed by engineers to work this way originally. The concern that we have is not with the fact that it should be built back, because I agree with the gentleman it should be built back. But the way the language actually reads, we are not sure that it would actually stop the Army Corps of Engineers from doing what it is that they are required by law to do, and that is to use that pressure release valve in times of emergency. It is true, we have only had to use it twice since those systems have been put in place. It is a sad thing when it occurs. It floods a tremendous amount of crop land, and because it had not been operated in so long, people had built homes in there. Now, that was unfortunate that they built them in that situation, but we cannot endanger all other areas for putting language like this forward. I am more than willing to work with the gentleman on trying to make sure that this language is correct. We just couldn’t be able to do that at this time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, the language of the amendment is very clear, very clear. It does one simple thing. It means, if the activation of this levee ever occurs, that the Federal Government is obligated to rebuild it. 
It is a limiting amendment that is crystal clear. It provides that, if there is an activation, that the Federal Government is obligated to build it back, simple as it is, making sure the Federal Government is responsible for its actions. I ask the body to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
government that is $19 trillion in debt, and I applaud the gentleman from North Carolina for his conscientious, careful, thoughtful, reasoned amendment. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple. It simply rolls back or reduces unauthorized nondefense accounts to the 2016 levels. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, let me respond and tell the story again. We have already gone through this once tonight about authorizations. I don’t think we should fund any program that isn’t authorized. I don’t think we should flatfund it. I don’t think we should fund it. But that is, unfortunately, what the Appropriations Committee ends up doing because the authorizing committees aren’t doing their dang job. They are not getting out and reauthorizing the programs. One year—and I will tell the story again. I will tell it again and again, I suspect, as we go through all of this— when I was chairman of the Interior Committee, because the Endangered Species Act at that time had not been reauthorized for 23 years, 23 years, I took all funding for listing of endangered species and designation of critical habitat out of the bill, zero funded it. We brought the bill to the floor. The biggest supporter of my bill and opponent to the amendment to put funding in it for those purposes was the chairman of the Resources Committee. It is the Resources Committee’s responsibility to reauthorize the Endangered Species Act. But he supported my amendment. And after all of that, guess what? They still haven’t reauthorized the Endangered Species Act. Mrs. LUMMIS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentlewoman from Wyoming. Mrs. LUMMIS. This year, the Land and Water Conservation Fund expired in its authorization on September 30. In October, we began reauthorizing the Land and Water Conservation Fund and reforming it to get it back to its original intent. And before we could complete the process, the appropriators increased funding and reauthorized it for 3 years. We can’t get the reforms we need when appropriators continue to appropriate. The burden should be on the authorizers. Mr. SIMPSON. Yes, I agree with the gentlewoman. The burden should be on the authorizers, and they should do their job, and they should reauthorize the program. I still haven’t seen the reauthorization for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. That was last year. I still haven’t seen it. I haven’t seen the reauthorizations for any of the programs. The whole State Department is unauthorized. Where is the reauthorization? What do you want us to do? We would eliminate about twothirds of the Federal Government. Now, some people might like that. But we would eliminate about twothirds of the Federal Government if we just said we are not going to fund any of the Federal programs. So, I mean, it is a debate that goes on. I agree with Congressman MCCLINTOCK . We have to find a way around this. We have to find a way to address the reauthorization issue without screwing up the whole appropriation process. b2200 I think we can do that if reasonable people sit down and try to find a way around this. I actually think that every committee chairman ought to sit down with leadership at the start of a session and say: This is my 5year plan, and these are all of the programs that are unauthorized under my jurisdiction. This is my 5year plan to get them reauthorized. They ought to follow through on that work plan. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, to be clear, the JCPOA requires Iran to cap its stockpile of heavy water. It does not require the U.S. to subsidize or to purchase that heavy water. This is a simple funding limitation amendment to an appropriations bill. It is similar to language used throughout the bill. It is a matter clearly related to the use of appropriated funds. I listened to this debate in the Senate, and people said: Well, we have to spend U.S. tax dollars on getting heavy water; otherwise, Iran is going to sell it to North Korea. But understand, it is already against international law to ship heavy water to North Korea. So if Iran were to decide to do that and violate those sanctions, we have a way bigger policy issue than simply heavy water purchases, and it would call into question the entire Iran deal. So instead of suppressing illicit nuclear proliferation among rogue nations, continuing purchases of Iranian heavy water would subsidize Iran’s nuclear program and allow them to maintain the threshold capacity to make a dash for nuclear breakout. If we want to take heavy water, then we can take it, but we should not subsidize Iran’s nuclear program. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Really, this provision doesn’t belong on this appropriations bill. It is an issue best considered by the Foreign Affairs Committee. This amendment would prevent the Department from spending any fiscal 17 funds to purchase heavy water produced in Iran and would undermine the Iran deal. This transaction provides the United States industry with a critical product while enabling Iran to sell some of its excess heavy water as contemplated in the agreement and further ensuring that this product will not be used to develop a nuclear weapon, which is the objective that we all sought when we supported the agreement. Heavy water is needed here in our country. We stopped producing it in 1988 and now buy what we need from India and other countries. A portion of this heavy water will be used at the Spallation Neutron Source at Oak Ridge National Laboratory and by manufacturers for fiberoptic cable, MRI machines, and semiconductors. Most importantly, U.S. purchase of this heavy water prevents Iran from selling it to those who would choose to use it for the wrong reasons. Mr. Chairman, as I have stated, I object to this amendment as proposed. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the DeSantis amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESANTIS. It is interesting, Mr. Chair, people talk about the Iran deal, and what the administration has really been doing is they have even gone beyond the concessions that are in the Iran deal. If you look at getting access now to dollarized transactions, they said they weren’t going to have access to the American financial system, but effectively, Iran is going to have indirect 
access to the American dollar. That was never called for by the Iran deal. That is a concession. Nor does the deal require us to spend American taxpayer funds to essentially inject into the Iranian regime and subsidize the nuclear program. So, Mr. Chair, I think it is a good amendment. I think our Members should vote for it. I yield back the balance of time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment by Mr. WEBER of Texas. Amendment by Mr. ELLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 1 by Mr. FARR of California. Amendment by Mr. GARAMENDI of California. Amendment No. 34 by Mr. PITTENGER  of North Carolina. Amendment by Mr. GOSAR of Arizona. Amendment by Mr. FOSTER of Illinois. Amendment by Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, as amended. Amendment by Mr. BYRNE of Alabama. Amendment No. 14 by Mrs. BLACK BURN of Tennessee. Amendment by Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Amendment by Mr. WALKER of North Carolina. Amendment by Mr. DESANTIS of Florida. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 158, noes 260, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 251] AYES—158 
Abraham Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Comstock Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Latta Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—15 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Honda Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2228 Ms. TSONGAS, Messrs. POLIS, AGUILAR, Ms. PELOSI, Messrs. LOUDERMILK, and VELA changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. BILIRAKIS, WALBERG, GIBBS, FLEISCHMANN, LABRADOR, Mrs. ROBY, and Mr. BOST changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F OXX). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 174, noes 245, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2233 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . FARR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 228, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Keating Lamborn Meehan O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2236 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 126, noes 293, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Carney Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hinojosa Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Richmond Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—293 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia)(during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2239 Ms. WILSON of Florida changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . PITTENGER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 227, noes 192, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2243 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 230, noes 188, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—188 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn McHenry O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2246 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F OXX). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 206, noes 213, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Carter (GA) Cartwright Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Graves (GA) Green, Gene Griffith Gutie´rrez Hahn Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McDermott McHenry McSally Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moore Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Polis Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rigell Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Takano Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Veasey Vela Walberg Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Wenstrup Westmoreland Wittman Woodall Yoho Zeldin NOES—213 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Amodei Babin Barr Barton Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Cleaver Clyburn Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DelBene DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Edwards Ellison Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hill Huelskamp Hurd (TX) Jackson Lee Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Lee Lewis Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Matsui McCaul McCollum McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Payne Pearce Perlmutter Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ross RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2249 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY ), as amended, on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 223, noes 195, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Blumenauer Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2253 So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 233, noes 186, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz 
Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2256 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 158, noes 258, not voting 17, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOES—258 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Zeldin 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) LaMalfa Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Sanford Takai Waters, Maxine Yarmuth b2259 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 119, noes 300, not voting 14, as follows: 
Amodei Babin Barletta Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clay Cleaver Collins (GA) Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight LaMalfa Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McMorris Rodgers Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Palmer Pearce Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) RosLehtinen Ross Rouzer Russell Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tipton Wagner Walden Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Woodall Yoder Yoho Zinke 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2302 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 128, noes 291, not voting 14, as follows: 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Conaway Cook Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Stewart Stutzman Tiberi Tipton Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zinke 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2306 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 251, noes 168, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—168 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth 
b2309 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chairman, I move that the committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ) having assumed the chair, Ms. FOXX, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES ON S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to instruct on the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes, offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the motion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 205, nays 212, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zeldin Zinke 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Duffy Duncan (TN) Fattah Fincher Granger Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Yarmuth Young (AK) 
b2316 So the motion to instruct was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will appoint conferees on S. 2012 at a later time. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I was detained in my district on official business on May 24, 2016, and I missed the following rollcall votes: Rollcall vote No. 238, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall vote No. 237, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 236, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Rollcall vote No. 235, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 234, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 233, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 232, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Rollcall vote No. 231, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Madam Speaker, on Tuesday, May 24, 2016, I was attending to representational duties in my congressional district and was not present for Roll Call Votes 231 through 238. I ask the record to reflect that had I been present I would have voted as follows: 1. On Roll Call 238, I would have voted yes. (H.R. 2576—On Concurring in the Senate Amendment with an Amendment to Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act) 2. On Roll Call 237, I would have voted no. (H.R. 897—On Passage of the Zika Vector Control Act) 3. On Roll Call 236, I would have voted yes. (H.R. 897—On Motion to Recommit with Instructions the Zika Vector Control Act) 4. On Roll Call 235, I would have voted no. (H.R. 5077—On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017) 5. On Roll Call 234, I would have voted no. (H. Res. 742—On Agreeing to the Resolution Providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 897) Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act, and for other purposes) 6. On Roll Call 233, I would have voted no. (H. Res. 742—On Ordering the Previous Question Providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 897) Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act, and for other purposes) 7. On Roll Call 232, I would have voted no. (H. Res. 743—On Agreeing to the Resolution Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes) 8. On Roll Call 231, I would have voted no. (H. Res. 743—On Ordering the Previous Question Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes) REPORT ON RESOLUTION RELATING TO CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–595) on the resolution (H. Res. 751) relating to consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. COLE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. 
b2320 CELEBRATING 81ST BIRTHDAY OF FORMER CONGRESSMAN WILLIAM STUCKEY, JR. (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise today in recognition of former Congressman William S. Stuckey, Jr.’s 81st birthday today. Born in 1935 in Eastman, Georgia, he attended the Georgia Military Academy and then graduated from the University of Georgia in 1956. For Georgians, he is most known for his time spent in Congress from 1967 to 1977, serving the Eighth District of Georgia and later the Ninth District. He went to great lengths to pass legislation that aided coastal Georgia’s environmental heritage, including a bill that made Cumberland Island a national seashore by the United States National Park Service. Thanks to Mr. Stuckey, the island is an impressive, wellpreserved, and secluded maritime force that amazes visitors each year. Another environmental bill passed by Mr. Stuckey made the Okefenokee Swamp a federally protected wilderness and created trails that visitors walk along today. I want to thank Mr. Stuckey for his service to Georgia. I wish him a very happy birthday. 
ZIKA VIRUS CRISIS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, as we go home for the Memorial Day commemoration to honor the fallen in battle, as we go home to commemorate the next step in the lives of many of the graduates in our district, it is shameful that we have not completed our work on the full funding to fight the Zika virus crisis and respond to the President’s request for $1.9 billion. Before I left my district on Monday, we had a major press conference with the mayor, the county commissioner, doctors, and others expressing their apprehension and concern about the dangerousness of the Zika virus. We are trying to inform our constituents, but we are also pleading for resources to clean up sitting water and tires and to be able to continue the research for a vaccine. One of our experts indicated that they didn’t know how dangerous the Zika virus will be. Madam Speaker, it is important that we do our job. It is appropriate to take the President’s request and pass it— $1.9 billion—to do our job to fight the Zika virus. 
HOUSE AMENDMENTS TO S. 2012 (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, with the House amendments to S. 2012, California is moving in the direction of doing responsible management of California’s water resources. Since this House has taken action, it is now up to California’s Senators to no longer ignore the crisis facing our State. We have heard a lot about California’s water woes. Some falsely claim this bill prioritizes one area over another. But, also, it includes instead the strongest possible protections for northern California’s area of origin and senior water rights. It safeguards the most fundamental water right of all. Those who live where water originates will have access to it. Northern California water districts and farmers are strongly in support of this bill. This measure accelerates surface water storage infrastructure projects, such as Sites Reservoir, which this year would have saved 1 million acre feet of water had it been in place already. We can’t expect 40 million people to survive on infrastructure designed generations ago. We have heard wild claims about how this measure could cause harm to the Endangered Species Act. But, in reality, it lives within the Endangered Species Act and biological opinions. Wildlife agencies currently base orders to cut off water to people on hunches, not data. This bill would provide actual facts to end the arbitrary decisions we have seen in recent years. Finally, it allows more water to be stored and used during winter storms, when river flows are highest and there is no impact to fish populations. The delta outflows surpassed record numbers this year. As a result, very little water actually got saved and much was wasted, which could be in the San Luis Reservoir. We have to change these policies and save the people’s water for California with smarter management. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DUFFY (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today after 7:00 p.m. and for the balance of the week on account of the birth of his child. Mr. LAMBORN (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today after 7:00 p.m. and for the balance of the week on account of attending his son’s graduation from Harvard Law School. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 24, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 2814. To name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, May 26, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the second quarter of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ISRAEL, JORDAN, SAUDI ARABIA, EGYPT, AND GERMANY, EXPENDED BE TWEEN APR. 2 AND APR. 10, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ISRAEL, JORDAN, SAUDI ARABIA, EGYPT, AND GERMANY, EXPENDED BE TWEEN APR. 2 AND APR. 10, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. PAUL D. RYAN, May 10, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ITALY, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 15 AND APR. 18, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. NANCY PELOSI, May 17, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT . 1 AND DEC. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, May 10, 2016. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 5325. A bill making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–594). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 751. Resolution relating to consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–595). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Mr. RENACCI ): H.R. 5320. A bill to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Ms. LOFGREN ): H.R. 5321. A bill to prevent the proposed amendments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure from taking effect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. PIERLUISI , and Mr. S ERRANO ): H.R. 5322. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 5323. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. CULBER SON, and Mr. M EADOWS ): H.R. 5324. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the permissible use of health savings accounts to include health insurance payments and to increase the dollar limitation for contributions to health savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. GIBSON ): H.R. 5326. A bill to provide funding for fiscal year 2017 for the Office of Public Participation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 5327. A bill to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and substance use disorders; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5328. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require a general notice of proposed rule making for a major rule to include a costbenefit analysis of the proposed rule, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5329. A bill to require the National Telecommunications and Information Administration to extend the IANA functions contract unless it certifies that the United States Government has secured sole ownership of the .gov and .mil toplevel domains, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H.R. 5330. A bill to provide for a report on best practices for peersupport specialist programs, to authorize grants for behavioral health paraprofessional training and education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 5331. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for behavioral health infrastructure improvements under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. E NGEL ): H.R. 5332. A bill to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participation of women in mediation and negotiations processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5333. A bill to impose sanctions in relation to violations by Iran of the Geneva 
Convention (III) or the right under international law to conduct innocent passage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. HANNA , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. KATKO , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. BENISHEK , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. WALZ): H.R. 5334. A bill to provide for the issuance of a semipostal to benefit programs that combat invasive species; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. PETERSON , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. BLUM, Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. SMITH of Nebraska): H.R. 5335. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand certain exceptions to the private activity bond rules for firsttime farmers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. JONES: H. Res. 748. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that United States law firms should not represent Iran in any judicial proceeding or other capacity to assist efforts of Iran to avoid paying compensation to victims of Iransponsored terrorism; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. POSEY , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. M URPHY  of Florida, and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama): H. Res. 749. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 25 as ‘‘National Moonshot Day’’ and recognizing the importance of conquering scientific challenges from medicine to space and beyond; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mrs. D AVIS of California): H. Res. 750. A resolution urging the European Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and increase pressure on it and its members; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. LEE, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. MOORE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. KEATING , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. NORTON , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia): H. Res. 752. A resolution condemning the Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, and urging China to end the dog meat trade; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. LEE, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , and Ms. F UDGE ): H. Res. 753. A resolution expressing support for the designation of June 2, 2016, as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ and June 2016 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. HANNA , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. KATKO , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. BENISHEK , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. WALZ): H. Res. 754. A resolution expressing the commitment of the House of Representatives to work to combat the nationwide problem of invasive species threatening native ecosystems; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 5320. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5321. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5322. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 5323. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. . .’’ By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5324. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution grants Congress ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ Left undefined in the amendment, the ‘‘incomes’’ appropriate for taxation must be determined through legislation passed by Congress. Congress therefore has the power to exclude from income taxation such sources as it deems appropriate. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: H.R. 5325. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate finds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 5326. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 5327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 5330. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 5331. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5332. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Aricle I, Section 8 By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5333. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 3 Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 5334. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5335. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 230: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 303: Ms. MENG. H.R. 317: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 347: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 430: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 499: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 581: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 667: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 711: Mr. DOLDand Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 816: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 822: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 836: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 863: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 911: Mr. THOMPSON of California and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 923: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 964: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 986: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 1197: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1343: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 1347: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1427: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 1571: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 1594: Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1688: Mr. GOSAR , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 1713: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1736: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 1877: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 1943: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 2058: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 2096: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 2218: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 2264: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2290: Mr. MCCAUL and Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia. H.R. 2315: Mr. GARRETT , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 2411: Mr. COHEN and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2434: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2646: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2703: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2739: Mr. GUTHRIE and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2889: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 2903: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. SHIMKUS , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 2938: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2992: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. POLIQUIN , Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. N EAL. H.R. 3084: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 3092: Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 3137: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 3163: Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 3229: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 3235: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3316: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3411: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3412: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 3516: Mr. GIBSON and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 3558: Mr. JOLLY . H.R. 3656: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 3687: Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. F ARR, and Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 3706: Mr. CUMMINGS and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 3742: Mr. SMITH of Washington and Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 3929: Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi, Mr. HURDof Texas, and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 3957: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 4013: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4055: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4062: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 4137: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4141: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 4161: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 4166: Mr. CARNEY . H.R. 4172: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4177: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 4247: Mr. ZINKE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. DONOVAN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4333: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. ROUZER , Mr. R OKITA , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4365: Mr. KILMER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. DOLD, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. WELCH and Mr. G UINTA . H.R. 4386: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 4435: Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 4442: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 4448: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4469: Mr. STUTZMAN and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 4514: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. NADLER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. G UINTA . H.R. 4542: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4592: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. F ARR, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. VELA, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER, Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 4616: Mr. SCHIFF and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 4620: Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. H UIZENGA  of Michigan, Mrs. WAGNER , and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 4626: Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 4640: Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 4681: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4693: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4715: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 4730: Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, and Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4764: Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H.R. 4768: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4773: Mr. RIGELL , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. NEUGEBAUER , and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 4774: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 4796: Mr. NOLAN and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4815: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 4888: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4893: Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4932: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4956: Mr. BRADY of Texas and Mr. YODER . H.R. 4979: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 5035: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 5044: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. FOSTER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi nois, Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. ADAMS , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5073: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5082: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 5085: Ms. NORTON , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. HINOJOSA , and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 5091: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. ASHFORD , and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 5094: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5119: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. POSEY , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 5124: Mr. SERRANO and Mr. R ANGEL . H.R. 5143: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 5149: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5190: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5208: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 5210: Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. W HITFIELD , and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5213: Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 5214: Mr. HANNA . H.R. 5216: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5224: Mr. KINGof Iowa and Mr. S ALMON. H.R. 5234: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 5240: Mr. TAKAI, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor gia, and Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 5265: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 5272: Ms. SLAUGHTER and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 5275: Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. R OEof Ten nessee, Mrs. BLACK , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B ARR, Mr. STUTZMAN , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 5292: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. POSEY . H.R. 5294: Mr. ADERHOLT , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5307: Mr. PALAZZO . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. YARMUTH . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. POEof Texas. H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H. Res. 14: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , and Mr. R EED. H. Res. 94: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. TAKANO . H. Res. 230: Mr. SCHRADER . H. Res. 494: Mr. ABRAHAM . H. Res. 590: Ms. SINEMA . H. Res. 650: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H. Res. 660: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. DONOVAN . H. Res. 683: Mr. HASTINGS . H. Res. 705: Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana. H. Res. 717: Ms. TITUS. H. Res. 746: Miss RICEof New York, Ms. BONAMICI , and Mr. I SRAEL . f 
AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3129 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 2016 No. 83 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 