Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Dr. Mary Jo Franco French, M.D., (Mary Jo), who passed away on December 31, 2015. A native Phoenician, Mary Jo was a revered leader in the Latino community, whose imprint on the city touched a countless number of people. She was the daughter of the Mexican Consul to Arizona, attended Xavier College Prep, ASU and medical school in Mexico City. From 1970–1980, Mary Jo was the editor of El Sol, the first Phoenix Spanish newspaper, which her parents launched in the 1930’s. Mary Jo served on the Board of Directors of Alma de la Gente, the El Mirage Diabetes Coalition, Vesta Club, and Friends of Mexican Art. As the Executive Director of Hispanic Health Coalition, Mary Jo addressed critical health issues confronting the Valley’s Latino families. In 1981, President Ronald Reagan appointed Mary Jo to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services (DACOWITS). As an Honorary General, Mary Jo met with service women throughout the world, discussing the challenges faced by our enlisted women. Mary Jo chaired the Veterans Day Parade and the Grand Army Ball; in 1988 she received the George Washington Award for distinguished civil service. For her years of leadership, Valle del Sol honored Mary Jo with the Profiles of Success Award in 1994. She was a principal strategist behind Pope John Paul II’s visit to Phoenix in 1987. Above all else, Mary Jo was Alfred’s wife for over 43 years, she was mother to Laura and Alfred Jr. and grandmother to Maya and Aran. Members, please join me in extending condolences to the Franco French family, as they mourn the loss of Mary Jo, an iconic woman, trailblazer and role model and who will be dearly missed and fondly remembered by all whose lives were made better because of her. THE PASSING OF ASHLEY GAMMON HON. KAREN BASS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 25, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I learned of the passing of Ashley Gammon, who served on my staff as my communications director before moving back to her home town of St. Louis, Missouri, most recently serving as the director of communications for the United Way of Greater St. Louis. Like many of her generation, Ashley signed up to work on President Obama’s first presidential campaign in 2008, and she believed that she could truly make a difference. And she did make a difference, both at the Department of Housing and Urban Development and in my own office on Capitol Hill helping to keep my constituents informed and continuing to promote the Democratic agenda. I was most struck by how much she touched and stayed in touch with her former friends and colleagues in Washington. It is clear that her passing affected everyone very deeply. I will remember Ashley both for her tireless work and for her sweet and bright smile. She brought people together and was a true friend in life as is evident in the outpouring of sympathy in the Capitol Hill community. I join Ashley’s friends and family in mourning her loss and celebrating a wonderful young woman who was taken from us too early. 
RECOGNIZING THE OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY OF TACOMA OF LINCOLN HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER NATHAN GIBBSBOWLING 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 25, 2016 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nathan GibbsBowling of Tacoma, WA. Mr. GibbsBowling has been an intrepid leader in the Tacoma community, where he grew up, through his excellent instruction of AP Government and Human Geography at Lincoln High School. I am proud to offer my sincere congratulations on behalf of my district’s constituency to Mr. GibbsBowling for the recent announcement of his selection as a finalist for this year’s National Teacher of the Year Award offered by the Council of Chief State School Officers. For 10 years Nathan has exceeded expectations as an instructor and has become known as the ‘‘cheerleader, college professor, and drill sergeant’’ for Lincoln High’s student population. His dedication to his craft and his student’s success has set him apart more than once in recent years. Mr. GibbsBowling has already received accolades for his teaching. He received the Washington State Milken Foundation Educator Award for 2013, and was named the Washington State Teacher of the Year by the Office of the Superintendent of Public Instruction in 2015. Yet, if you ask him, he will insist that he is not even the best teacher in his own household—his wife Hope also teaches at the high school. Mr. Speaker, I have had the pleasure of attending Nathan’s classroom to visit with his students. He has consistently impressed me with his control of the classroom and the respect that his students show him—it’s clear that he is loved and appreciated within the halls of Lincoln High. Nathan’s service extends to efforts outside of the classroom, as well. He is the cofounder of the school’s Professional Leadership Development Team, has created Teachers United— a research and advocacy group that engages with local community leaders and elected officials on important issues—and has helped develop curriculum on both Tacoma and Washington State history. Mr. Speaker, it is truly an honor to represent a man of this caliber here in our nation’s capital. I am truly humbled to be able to speak in recognition of the many achievements of Nathan GibbsBowling today in the United States Congress. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I rise in support of the FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act. The Freedom of Information Act enables individual citizens to request records and information from federal agencies, and is therefore one of the greatest tools available to the public to ensure accountability and transparency. President Obama promised the American people that his administration would have an unprecedented level of openness. Unfortunately, the President has failed to deliver on his promise. Mr. Speaker, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee released a report today that found a dysfunctional and ambiguous FOIA system. To quote from the report, ‘‘The FOIA process is broken. Unnecessary complications, misapplication of the law, and extensive delays are common occurrences.’’ H.R. 653 will make great strides in correcting, protecting, and ultimately strengthening FOIA by providing greater disclosure of records and encouraging greater federal agency compliance. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 653. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 25, 2016 Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 38 regarding the Kildee Amendment. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
FUTURE LEGISLATORS: BRAINERD HIGH SCHOOL YOUTH IN GOVERNMENT CLUB 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 25, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the students in the Youth in Government Club at Brainerd High School (BHS). Last week thirteen students in the club: Alison Jones, Sean Paulus, Thea Fisher, Ellen Hickman, Alyssa Neistadt, Emma Anderson, Nick Ashman, Rachel Cleveland, Marina Cruz, Caleb Meyer, Anthony Rice, Lillian Schmitz, and Claire Waltion participated in a fourday assembly at the state Capitol in St. Paul. During the assembly students from across Minnesota assumed roles of state legislators, executive branch staffers, lobbyists, and political reporters. Students then dealt with bills on topical issues such as: stricter sentences for drunk drivers, ratification of the Kyoto Protocol, and changes to state curriculum requirements for public secondary schools. I would also like to recognize Amy Aho, the club’s faculty advisor for all her hard work coordinating the club’s participation in the assembly. As a teacher myself I admire her passion for helping her students pursue their interest in public policy. Amy’s participation allowed students to take part in a unique, valuable, handson experience which will help them to become our future leaders. The Youth in Government Club at BHS gives students experience in how government works and an opportunity to learn more about the legislative process. Their level of interest and engagement is very impressive and I would not be at all surprised to see any of them representing Minnesota in Congress one day. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 25, 2016 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to have my votes recorded on the House floor on Monday, January 11, 2016 and Tuesday, January 12, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on H.R. 598 (Roll no. 34), H.R. 3231 (Roll no. 35), Kildee Amendment Number 2 to H.R. 1644 (Roll no. 38), Cartwright Amendment Number 3 (Roll no. 39), Sewell Amendment Number 4 (Roll no. 40), motion to recommit with instructions (Roll no. 41), and H.R. 757 (Roll no. 43). I would have voted no on ordering the previous question (Roll no. 36), H. Res. 583 (Roll no. 37), and H.R. 1644 (Roll no. 42). TAXPAYERS RIGHTTOKNOW ACT SPEECH OF  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I rise in support of the Taxpayers RighttoKnow Act. H.R. 598 is a bipartisan, commonsense, piece of legislation that makes a critical step towards increased government transparency and accountability. This bill will give the American public a complete picture of how their taxpayer dollars are being spent by requiring each federal agency to provide an annual report detailing the costs of every program. Hardworking taxpayers have a fundamental right to know where and how their money is being spent. By passing H.R. 598, these reports will be made available online, and Americans will be able to see firsthand which federal programs are working well, and which are wasteful and duplicative. Americans deserve an efficient and effective federal government, and I firmly believe this legislation will make strides toward that end. Mr. Speaker, I was pleased to support this legislation in the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and I am proud to do so again. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 598. 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGINEERS AND THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Senate resolution S.J. Res. 22, introduced by my good friend and colleague from Iowa, Senator ERNST , to express my disapproval of the Environmental Protection Agency power grab through an expansive definition of the Waters of the United States (WOTUS). The WOTUS rule gives more control to federal agencies, like the EPA and the Army Corp of Engineers, while stripping authority from those who know our natural resources best such as farmers, ranchers, and state regulatory authorities. This is in direct contradiction of state laws, Supreme Court rulings, and existing compact agreements and has potentially devastasting consequences on our economy, our farmers, and the small businesses that create jobs in the First District of Iowa. I know the farmers and small businesses in my district do not want the heavy hand of Washington micromanaging their lands—especially without input from the state of Iowa. President Obama and the EPA must realize increasing regulatory burdens and compliance costs will fail to improve the water quality while only adding red tape for ordinary folks. Last year I voted for H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act and I intend to vote again for S.J. Res. 22 to protect Iowa’s land, water and resources and to stop the executive overreach of the suffocating Obama Administration. f 
JANUARY 27 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine military space launch and the use of Russian made rocket engines; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 following the open session. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine economic opportunities from land cleanup programs, including S. 2446, to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment, S. 1479, to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to grants, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Good Samaritan Cleanup of Orphan Mines Act of 2016’’. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Canada’s fasttrack refugee plan, focusing on implications for United States national security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine attacking America’s epidemic of heroin and prescription drug abuse. SD–226 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Elizabeth J. Drake, of Maryland, Jennifer Choe Groves, of 
Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade. SD–226 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1125, to authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, the State of Montana, and the United States, and S. 1983, to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the substandard quality of Indian health care in the Great Plains. SH–216 JANUARY 28 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine generic drug user fee amendments, focusing on accelerating patient access to generic drugs. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations To hold hearings to examine the Department of Health and Human Services’s placement of migrant children, focusing on vulnerabilities to human trafficking. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, H.R. 1428, to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, S. 483, to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, S. 2040, to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and the nominations of Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, and Susan Paradise Baxter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania. SD–226 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the Small Business Innovation Research/Small Business Technology Transfer programs, focusing on the importance of small business innovation to national and economic security. SR–428A 2:15 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 FEBRUARY 2 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine occupational licensing and the state action doctrine. SD–226 FEBRUARY 9 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense nuclear acquisition programs and the nuclear doctrine in review of the defense authorization request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A FEBRUARY 23 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of the Interior. SD–366 MARCH 3 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Energy. SD–366 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–366 
JANUARY 28 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the status of innovative technologies within the nuclear industry. SD–366 FEBRUARY 4 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine energyrelated trends in advanced manufacturing and workforce development. SD–366 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, January 26, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 2 public bills, H.R. 4393–4394; and H. Res. 590, were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Gene Hemrick, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
Consideration of Presidential Veto Message: Agreed by unanimous consent that, notwithstanding the order of the House of January 8, 2016, further consideration of the veto message and the bill, H.R. 3762, is postponed until the legislative day of February 2, 2016.
Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act: Agreed by unanimous consent that further proceedings on the question of passage of H.R. 3662 may be postponed through the legislative day of February 2, 2016, as though under clause 8 of rule 20.
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Thursday, January 28.
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H367. Senate Referrals: S. 607 was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. S. 2422 was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. S. Con. Res. 28 and S. Con. Res. 29 were held at the desk.   Page H368 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and adjourned at 2:06 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the role of the Service Chiefs in defense acquisition in review of the defense authorization request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine the future nuclear posture of the United States, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, January 26 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senate will begin consideration of S. 2012, Energy Policy Modernization Act, with debate only until 3 p.m. At 2:15 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of John Michael Vazquez, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, with a vote on confirmation thereon, at approximately 2:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Thursday, January 28 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 2 p.m. 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E53 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E54 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E54 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E53, E54 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E53 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E54 Larson, John B., Conn., E53 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E54 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E53 