Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last night Frontline on PBS had a compelling documentary on the opioid and heroin epidemic. We are now seeing politicians diving in. Governors across the country are sounding the alarm. It is being featured by Presidential candidates in both parties. President Obama’s budget has some very good suggestions highlighting tools to reduce drug overuse, overdose, evidencebased prevention programs, prescription drug monitoring, and prescription takeback events. There are a variety of things that are going in the right direction. Yet, it is a little frustrating for me that the simplest, cheapest, safest solution to help these troubled people is not embraced: medical marijuana. Actually, the public is largely there. For the last 20 years, the tide has been building for medical marijuana, even as the crisis on opioids has slowly started to take hold. It began with voter approval in California in 1996 and in Oregon 2 years later. Now 23 States have legalized medical marijuana, and twothirds of Americans live in States where at least some form of medical marijuana is authorized. There is a reason for this movement. A metaanalysis of 79 studies in The Journal of the American Medical Association found solid evidence that medical marijuana is effective in treating chronic pain. There is no evidence of serious side effects among medical marijuana users who are actually less likely to drink alcohol or take other painkillers. And those States with medical marijuana actually have fewer overdose deaths. Isn’t this worth exploring? Especially when there is evidence that availability of medical marijuana dispensaries is associated with a significant decrease in substance abuse admissions and a reduction in opioid overdose deaths. Recently, we have even had former NFL players come out and describe how they used medical marijuana to selfmedicate rather than being shot up with painkillers by team doctors and being prescribed opioid pills. What is perhaps most frustrating for me is the wrongheaded approach that prohibits Veterans Administration doctors from even talking to their patients about medical marijuana in the States where it is legal. That is ironic because the VA has its own veterans health crisis because their patients are dying from prescription overdoses at rates twice the national average. Opioid prescriptions by VA doctors have surged 270 percent over the last 12 years. They are prescribing significantly more opioids to patients suffering from PTSD and depression than other veterans, even though those are the patients most at risk of overdose and suicide. Nearly 1 million veterans who receive treatment for pain continue to consume those pills beyond 90 days. It is clear that most veterans would probably be better off if we more fully utilized medical marijuana to treat 
conditions of pain, depression, and PTSD. b1015 At the very least, we ought to allow the Veterans Administration doctors to work with their patients on this matter. That is why I will again be introducing my amendment that would make it clear that VA doctors in States where it is legal can work with their patients on medical marijuana. Since I first introduced this legislation, I have watched growing support on the floor of the House for an amendment that would accomplish this. There has been interest in the Senate. Veterans groups are aware of this discrimination and the Veterans Administration’s sorry record when it comes to helping our veterans with these chronic conditions by using conventional painkillers that lead to addiction and death. Medical marijuana appears safer, effective, and is a lowcost way to deal with chronic pain. Nobody dies from an overdose of medical marijuana. Let’s add this to our discussion, promote more effective research, and let VA doctors meet with their patients to talk about this as an alternative. 
SUPPORTING THE RIGHTS OF THE WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as the author of legislation that awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the Women Airforce Service Pilots, better known as the WASP, I rise in strong support of this bill, H.R. 4336, the Women Airforce Service Pilots Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act, presented by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ), my great friend and colleague. This legislation seeks to restore eligibility to these brave women pioneers for burial at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors. The WASP were the first women in U.S. history to fly our military aircraft. During World War II, a time of great global conflict, these courageous women volunteered to fly noncombat missions so that every available male pilot could be deployed in combat. The WASP served our Nation without hesitation and with no expectation of recognition or praise. More than 25,000 women applied for the program, but only 1,074 selected women earned their wings. Between the years 1942 and 1944, the WASP logged more than 60 million miles. With the exception of direct combat missions, the WASP flew the same aircraft as male pilots. Although they took the military oath, the WASP were not recognized as military personnel for their time in service. Their patriotic contributions went unrecognized for many decades. It wasn’t until 1977 that Congress granted them veteran status; and then in 2002, the Arlington National Cemetery decided to allow the WASP, among others listed as Active Duty designees, to receive benefits consistent with the status that they had so rightfully earned. Unfortunately, last year, the Department of the Army rescinded this decision and ruled that the WASP were ineligible for burial at that site, citing a lack of space. This is simply unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. These women deserve to be treated honorably, and our military branch should allocate the necessary space to accommodate these courageous women who sacrificed so much for our country. We cannot just consider these women to be ineligible. These honorable women answered the call to serve during World War II. They did not turn their backs on the American people nor on their fellow servicemen. Their rights at Arlington National must be restored. We have to do this for the present and future generations to come. Today, women in our military fly every type of aircraft, from the F–15 to the space shuttle, and I know this because my daughterinlaw, Lindsay Nelson Lehtinen, has flown combat missions both in Iraq and Afghanistan for the Marines. This opportunity was afforded to Lindsay thanks to the service of the Women Airforce Service Pilots. They were the trailblazers. They set the stage for women in the military. I have been fortunate enough to personally meet some of these heroic women. As pictured in this poster, I presented south Florida WASP Ruth Shafer Fleisher and Frances Sargent with copies of the bill that I introduced and passed in Congress with the help of SUSAN DAVIS, and which was signed by the President, that honored the invaluable contributions of these heroic female pilots. We had this celebration at the Wings Over Miami Air Museum, which has served as the foundation for our community to learn more about veterans and aviators, including our proud WASP. Throughout my years in Congress, I have also had the pleasure of meeting other south Florida WASP, including Shirley Kruse, pictured here, Bee Haydu, and Helen Wyatt Snapp. Although Frances and Helen are no longer with us, they still live in our hearts and in our minds, and they are embedded in the rich history of our great Nation. Mr. Speaker, we need to do what is right for our valiant, patriotic women and their wonderful families. The House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs will bring up Congresswoman MCSALLY ’s bill tomorrow, Thursday, during a markup. I encourage all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support and pass this important and necessary bill so that we can continue to honor these women pioneers. These women must receive the recognition that they are due. We must give them back the right that they earned, to be buried at Arlington. Thank you very much to these brave patriots. f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of efforts to reauthorize child nutrition programs. Last year the House and the Senate worked together in a bipartisan fashion to reauthorize our elementary and secondary education programs. I rise today to urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to carry forward that momentum to complete a muchneeded review and renewal of Federal child nutrition programs. In doing so, Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to employ similar goals and objectives: simplify, streamline, and empower State and local education agencies when reauthorizing these programs. In particular, this approach can benefit our students and families by finding a path forward to simplify and streamline existing Federal nutrition and meal requirements without sacrificing the beneficial dietary value that school meals bring to students’ daily lives. Much like we empowered our teachers to establish the curriculum and standards to best teach students they know so well, we likewise should empower those who know what our students will actually eat: the school professionals who work with the goal of making sure our children are able to enjoy healthy, nutritious meals. Likewise, we can use this opportunity to continue efforts to ensure that our existing Federal nutrition programs are providing adequate and appropriate training to school professionals, as well as the resources necessary to improve and enhance our school meal delivery system. Mr. Speaker, this opportunity will allow us to strengthen existing programs that strive to get nutritious meals to children yearround, and at earlier ages. Existing programs like the Summer Food Service Program can be enhanced and made more efficient to make sure they effectively reach those children who are most in need of quality, healthy meals. We can collaborate with Head Start, afterschool, and early childhood programs to better engage them in existing Federal programs that offer nutritious meals to young children most in need. We have a strong infrastructure in place to provide children and families with quality, healthy meals, and we have an excellent opportunity to improve these programs. I respectfully call on my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to work together to accomplish this effort before another school year comes to a close. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Leveraging and Energizing America’s Apprenticeship Programs Act, legislation that I have cosponsored. In the midst of a slow economic recovery, one of the issues plaguing both our workforce and our job creators is a persistent mismatch of employer needs and employee skills. Right now, 10 million unemployed Americans are seeking work, while 4 million jobs remain unfilled. Fortunately, this problem can be solved with a bipartisan commitment to commonsense workforce development initiatives, as demonstrated by the Leveraging and Energizing America’s Apprenticeship Programs bill. By promoting apprenticeship programs, this legislation creates opportunities for highly motivated workers to earn a salary, while gaining the skills they need to succeed in highdemand fields. I am proud to say that employers in my congressional district in southeastern Pennsylvania have already recognized the value of apprenticeship programs by making hundreds of these opportunities available to those looking to build their job training and skills. I commend Congressman RODNEY  DAVIS for his efforts on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of reauthorizing the Older Americans Act. The Older Americans Act provides social and nutritional support to members of our senior population and their caregivers. Enacted in 1965, this legislation has improved health outcomes, independence, and quality of life by offering meal delivery, respite care, and other essential services to the most vulnerable members of our population. Reauthorization of this legislation gives Congress an opportunity to modernize multipurpose senior centers; improve falls prevention and chronic disease selfmanagement training; strengthen laws to combat abuse, neglect, and exploitation; and support our local Area Agencies on Aging. Mr. Speaker, I offer my support to work with my colleagues to review and advance the legislation passed by the United States Senate last year, as it is an effort that will not only help protect seniors across my district and the U.S., but will ensure that our existing Federal support programs are appropriately tailored to meet the present day needs of our senior citizens. 
PENTAGON WASTEFULNESS IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I have been coming to the floor for weeks and months to complain about the waste of money and life in Afghanistan. In the last couple weeks, I had an opportunity to read two articles. The first is titled, ‘‘This is How the Pentagon Wasted $17 Billion in Afghanistan,’’ by Emily Leayman. I would like to quote a couple of examples of the Pentagon’s waste that she describes in her article. The Pentagon spent ‘‘$8 billion for a failed drug war: Despite a 14year effort, Afghanistan now leads the world in heroin production.’’ The Pentagon also spent ‘‘$486 million for useless aircraft: Speaking of planes, 20 planes could not be flown, and most were sold for scrap . . . Legislators like Senators John McCain and James Lankford are fed up with the lack of accountability in spending.’’ Senators MCCAINand L ANKFORD have joined me in bringing to the public’s attention the lack of accountability in Afghanistan. It is astounding, to say the least. Mr. Speaker, last month John Sopko, the Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, testified before the Senate Committee on Armed Services about a recent report he wrote on the waste in Afghanistan. In that report, he exposed that the Pentagon paid $6 million to buy nine male Italian goats—the reason they bought the goats from Italy was because they are blond in color—to send to western Afghanistan to set up a farm and try to boost the cashmere industry there in Afghanistan. Now, the Pentagon doesn’t even know where the goats are. And the sad thing is, as Mr. Sopko said to the Senate, ‘‘We don’t know where the goats are. They might have been eaten’’—$6 million. Mr. Speaker, American people could do a lot with $6 million, I assure you. And they wouldn’t be spending $6 million for nine goats, that I am certain. The report that Mr. Sopko made reference to is titled, ‘‘Report Cites Wasted Pentagon Money in Afghanistan.’’ Mr. Speaker, the waste goes on and on and on, and yet we in the House every year will send more and more money to Afghanistan. We have already been there 14 years. We are going to be there another 8 years because President Obama signed an agreement with Mr. Ghani to be there for 9 more years. We have already been there 1 year, and that means 8 more years. That is 22 years. b1030 General Campbell, who has been the leader in Afghanistan, but is leaving, says that we need more years to train the Afghans to have a security force. I guess we are going to be there 30 years. I will be dead and gone, for sure, by then. What a waste of life and money in Afghanistan. It is time for this Congress to meet its responsibility and put pressure on the administration and stop funding Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I have a poster here. The reason I bring this poster to the floor is to show the sad tragedy of war. There is a wife and a little girl. The husband and daddy is in a flagdraped casket. The reason I bring this matter to the floor is that I have signed over 11,000 letters to families and extended families who died in Afghanistan and Iraq. Last Sunday I signed one letter for an Army sergeant who died in Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I thought: How sad. How sad it is for that family. It is just so sad. It doesn’t have to happen. We need to debate bringing our troops home from Afghanistan, and we need to debate stopping the funding for the war in Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, before closing, I want to remind the House that this is the longest war in the history of America. I don’t know who said it, but they said it right: Afghanistan is the graveyard of empires. I know there is going to be a headstone that says that the empire known as America spent so much blood and money in Afghanistan. It is financially broke. We are $19.1 trillion in debt right now. Let’s bring our troops out of Afghanistan. Let them fight the civil war themselves and decide what they want for Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I ask God to please bless our men and women in uniform, bless the families of our men in uniform. And, God, please continue to bless America. 
STOP ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about an important congressional reform initiative that I have introduced in this body. I have had the opportunity to study Congress from virtually every angle. I graduated from college as a young intern who drove up here having never been north of Tennessee. As my predecessor said and I shared: I never thought I would meet a Member of Congress, much less have the great opportunity and honor to be one. Through virtually every staff role over the past 15 or 20 years, I have had a chance to study this body. There are a few experiences now, as a sitting Member of Congress, that I simply cannot accept. One of them—the most pressing one— is the amount of time that Members of Congress are expected or, in some cases, directed to spend on raising money. We all know it. Every Member of Congress understands that you arrive with great expectations only to learn the obligation to spend time raising money. There is a quiet anger among many Members about that. 
It is not comfortable to talk about, frankly. This is one of the more uncomfortable speeches I will ever give in the well of this House. We must talk about it. Because when does this become the expectation? This is an orientation slide for freshmen Members of Congress that was produced by one of the two major parties of this Congress a few years back, suggesting that, as a Member of Congress, your first responsibility is 4 hours a day not in your office, but across the street in a call suite asking people for money, another 1 to 2 hours a day networking and raising money, and only 2 hours a day doing your job. Members of Congress might have a quiet anger, but the American people will have a very loud anger when they understand that we are not accomplishing things here because we are spending too much time raising money. Let’s turn that anger into resolve and change this body and change Washington forever. Former Members of Congress are happy to talk about this, retiring Members who write confessions saying they spent 4,200 hours raising money, former majority leaders of the other body now writing a book lamenting how much time they spent raising money, a colleague of ours leaving this House calling fundraising the main business of Congress. But what do they all have in common? They are all retiring or retired. Why don’t we do something about it, as sitting Members of Congress? Why don’t we fix this now when we have the opportunity instead of lamenting it when we are gone? This is why I have introduced what I call the Stop Act. It is very simple. It is 3 or 4 pages. Every Member of this body can read it before they vote on it. It simply prohibits direct solicitation of a campaign contribution by a sitting Member of Congress. State legislators in the State of Florida and across the country are often prohibited from directly soliciting. There are 30 States where judges are elected, and they are prohibited from directly soliciting contributions. I want to say thank you to my colleagues who have cosponsored this. In just over 3 weeks, we have six cosponsors: Mr. NOLAN of Minnesota, Mr. JONES of North Carolina, Messrs. DUFFY and R IBBLE of Wisconsin, and Messrs. MICAand N UGENT from my State of Florida. The message is very simple on this. It says to Congress to get back to work. Let’s do our job, the job we were elected to do. We will never solve border security and immigration reform. We will never balance the budget. We will never address national security and foreign policy. We will never address tax reform if we have a parttime Congress in a fulltime world. In any other profession, if you spend 20 to 30 hours a week doing a job other than you are hired to do, you would be fired. But, in Washington, we accept this as the political culture. Many will say the issue is dark money, the issue is transparency. Fine. We can have a campaign finance debate. But that is not what this is about. This is about congressional reform. I will close with this, Mr. Speaker. Each one of us made a promise to roughly 700,000 people in the community from which we come and represent. We made a promise to do our job, not to ask them for money. We took an oath. We each took an oath, swearing to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. The last line of our oath says: ‘‘I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of this office on which I am about to enter.’’ Friends, we are not well and faithfully discharging the duties of this body when we are spending 20 hours a week asking people for money and not doing our job. We are not well and faithfully discharging the duties of this office when fundraising is the main business, when we have Members missing votes to raise money, when the most important question sometimes among colleagues is not what legislation you are working on, but how much money you have raised. We are not well and faithfully executing the duties of this House when we are not doing our job. I stand here not to judge my colleagues. I stand here to try to change the system. Let’s restore credibility to this House. Let’s honor the greatness of this body with greatness of integrity, greatness of commitment, greatness of resolve. Let’s recognize the great calling of this body and the even greater calling of this Nation. Let’s stand together today and change Washington forever. Friends, colleagues, I urge you, while you are here and before retiring and lamenting the amount of time you spent raising money, cosponsor the Stop Act. Join me in this effort to change Washington. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
HARPERS FERRY, WEST VIRGINIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, there are few places in our country that have both strong historical significance and scenic beauty. Harpers Ferry is perhaps the greatest example of both. Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, was founded in 1734 by Robert Harper, who purchased the land for 50 guineas, or around $262. Over the next 282 years, this quaint town was the backdrop for some of the most important events in American history. From the earliest settlement of this great Nation through the founding of the railroads, the beginning of Meriwether Lewis’ adventure with William Clark out West, John Brown’s raid, numerous Civil War battles and skirmishes, and the beginning of the civil rights movement, Harpers Ferry has stood the test of time and watched our American history unfold. As for the scenic beauty, none have described it better than one of our Nation’s great founders, President Thomas Jefferson. After visiting Harpers Ferry on October 25, 1783, the author of the Declaration of Independence said he viewed ‘‘the passage of the Potomac River through the Blue Ridge as perhaps one of the most stupendous scenes in nature.’’ Let me tell you, this picture does not do the town justice. Harpers Ferry is a national treasure that has been enjoyed by millions of families for centuries. This past July, however, this quaint town of only 283 residents was struck by a large fire that swept through the downtown business district and destroyed 10 businesses, which is 30 percent of the commercial district, and 2 apartments. Even before the embers from the fire cooled, members of the community had begun to take action and began making plans to rebuild. The town council, the Merchants Association, and the community at large stepped up to take care of the people who were displaced by the fire. Jobs and housing were found for everyone who needed them, and space was offered for businesses that were able to immediately reopen. The Harpers Ferry Historical Town Foundation established a fund to collect and distribute money to help displaced residents, businessowners, and employees meet their most immediate needs. Over the past several months, in addition to the support the fund received from people who live in the eastern panhandle of West Virginia, thousands of visitors from across the country and some from abroad have contributed to this fund. The president of West Virginia University, Dr. G. Gordon Gee, brought a team to Harpers Ferry to help the town and the town council establish a plan. This plan enabled property owners to rebuild and restore their buildings, to develop a marketing plan, and to provide engineering and archeological services to prevent the demolition of their historical treasures. The superintendent of the Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, Rebecca Harriott, stepped forward with meeting spaces, security services, and additional personnel to protect town residents and visitors from the fragile, burnedout spaces. The Jefferson County Commission provided inkind and financial support to reimburse the town for the unanticipated expenses of fighting the fire and providing for safety in the middle of 
Harpers Ferry’s busiest part of the tourist season. Local, State, and Federal officials were a constant and reassuring presence for the town. The town council and the Historic Landmarks and Planning Commissions have worked together to streamline processes and enable property owners to quickly move ahead with the restoration of the burned buildings. This past Monday I personally visited Harpers Ferry in Jefferson County, where I live with my wife and three children, to see the progress that is being made to repair the structures. The mayor, Greg Vaughn, was kind enough to show me around the damaged buildings and introduce me to those who were impacted by the fire. I can’t tell you how encouraging it was to see how the town has come together to rebuild after the fire. Harpers Ferry is no stranger to disaster: war, fire, floods. This is a town that endures. Today, Mr. Speaker, Harpers Ferry is still open for business, still thriving, still an elegant and evocative journey into the formative years of our Nation. I invite you to come visit. 
HEROIN EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss a problem that is near and dear to my heart. Cheaper than cigarettes and more accessible than alcohol, heroin has become a plague on communities all across our country. Heroin takes a life every 3 days in the Chicago suburbs. Unfortunately, a similarly deadly trend is taking place all over our Nation. Although heroin is not often considered a serious suburban problem, statistics show the epidemic is quickly growing. Nearly onequarter of the people who try heroin become addicted, and heroin deaths have literally quadrupled in the United States in less than a decade. But the statistics don’t even begin to tell the whole story. As the cochair of the Suburban AntiHeroin Task Force in the State of Illinois, I have seen firsthand the deadly impact of these drugs. But I still can’t even begin to fathom the pain of losing one of my children to a drug overdose. I can’t imagine what families throughout the country have been put through because of this terrible drug. There is hope. Thanks to the great work of the Lake County Opioid Initiative, Live4Lali, and many other organizations in the 10th Congressional District, we have already had tremendous success saving lives with an overdose reversal aid called naloxone. b1045 When used properly, naloxone helps restore breathing that has been stopped by an overdose. First responders in Lake County, Illinois, have now saved over 56 lives in just a little over 1 year. That is 56 families who won’t have to experience the same type of unbearable pain as those who have lost a loved one. With increased access, the World Health Organization predicts that naloxone could save an additional 20,000 lives each and every year. That is why I introduced a new bipartisan piece of legislation this week with Congresswoman KATHERINE CLARK . Our bill, Lali’s Law, will help States increase access to naloxone. The bill is named in memory of Stevenson High School graduate Alex Laliberte, who, sadly, passed away from a drug overdose. Alex, like many high school students, played sports at Stevenson High School. He did well at school. He cared about his friends. He cared about his family. But during his sophomore year of college, he began being hospitalized for what was a mysterious illness. Unknown to his family and to the doctors, Alex had an addiction to prescription drugs and was being hospitalized for his withdrawal. He would stay in the hospital until he received his fix, leave the hospital, and repeat the cycle again and again. He continued this pattern until he died of an overdose a few days after his final exams. The primary purpose, Mr. Speaker, of this bill, is to help fund State programs that allow pharmacists to distribute naloxone without a prescription so that we can prevent the repeat of Alex’s story. Many States use these programs to allow local law enforcement officers to carry and use naloxone, just like the success we have already seen in Lake County. The police officers in Lake County asked to be able to carry it because they would come to a scene often faster than the paramedics. They could respond within 5 minutes and refused to sit idly by and watch these people die of an overdose. Lali’s Law is an example of what is possible when we set aside partisanship and get to work for the people that we represent. Lali’s Law will bring Alex’s story to the United States Congress, here, and amplify the lifesaving benefits of Live4Lali’s hard work and the work that they did to pass a similar piece of legislation in the Illinois State Legislature. It is my hope that, through this bipartisan bill, Alex’s lasting legacy will include helping countless people get a second chance at recovery and saving their families from unbearable heartbreak. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan initiative and join us in the fight against heroin and prescription drug abuse. Together we can truly save lives. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Bishop Perry Thompson, Freedom Chapel International Christian Center, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: Emmanuel, the God of creation, presence, and power, we honor You, the true and only wise God, as Christ and Lord and decree and declare Your principles and patterns to be the common thread through these walls and this august assembly of Representatives. We declare this day that the Lord has made a day of excellence and cooperation and decree it to be like no other day. We remorse of all sin and shortcomings and acquiesce to the unction of the Shekinah glory of the Most High. With expediency, deliver us from our enemies, for we flee unto Thee to hide us. Teach us to do Thy will, for Thou art our God. Thy spirit is good. Lead us into the land of uprightness. We declare these blessings in the name of the Lord and Savior. Amen in Jesus’ name. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. HAHN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING BISHOP PERRY THOMPSON The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Bishop Perry N. Thompson of Richmond, Virginia, for offering the opening prayer. A graduate of DeVry Institute of Technology and Norfolk State University, Bishop Thompson is the senior 
pastor of the Freedom Chapel International Christian Center here in Washington, D.C., and Bishop Thompson oversees ministries abroad in Brazil, Ecuador, Liberia, Mexico, Russia, and Ukraine. Mr. Speaker, Bishop Thompson is the Admissions and Financial Officer for the Supreme Court of the United States, the First Vice President of Administration for RBI Institute, and serves on the Executive Board of the Apostolic World Christian Fellowship. Mr. Speaker, Bishop Thompson is also the pastor of our beloved colleague Joyce Hamlett, Assistant Sergeant at Arms in charge of floor security. Mr. Speaker, again I thank Bishop Perry N. Thompson for his excellent work and for his being here today. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, on the occasion of Great Lakes Day, hundreds of advocates are in Washington to support funding for the restoration of the Great Lakes. Fortunately, after years of neglect, Congress is starting to meet its responsibilities to protect and to restore this irreplaceable resource. In 1968, the Buffalo River, which drains into Lake Erie, was so contaminated that it was declared biologically dead. Today, funded by the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, the Federal Government, local businesses, and the Buffalo Niagara RIVERKEEPER are working on a massive undertaking to clean up and restore the river. Now we expect it will be fishable and swimmable within the next decade. In the coming weeks, Congress will begin to devise its spending plan for the year. I urge my colleagues to support programs like the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which support local economies, natural habitats, and public health throughout the region. f 
CLOSING GUANTANAMO (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the President announced a dangerous proposal, to close Guantanamo and bring terrorists to America. One of the proposed locations is near Charleston, South Carolina, creating a risk of attacks to adjacent schools, churches, neighborhoods, and ports. I have visited Guantanamo twice. This is the right location to house terrorists who are obsessed to kill American families. The 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, signed by the President, bars the closure of Guantanamo. Congress voted that remote Guantanamo is the safest location for mass murderers of American families, which discourages further attacks, and no one wants to be in Communist Cuba. I appreciate Speaker PAUL DAVIS RYAN, Senators T IMSCOTT and L INDSEY  GRAHAM , Governor Nikki Haley, Attorney General Alan Wilson, and the South Carolina House delegation for their efforts to prevent the closure of Guantanamo to protect American families. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
A NEW SUPREME COURT JUSTICE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, all of us were saddened in the last 2 weeks at the loss of the longest serving jurist, Justice Scalia. There is no doubt he loved the law and he loved the Court. With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, I think it is important that, in recognition of Justice Scalia’s love of the law and the love of that Court, we honor his memory by fulfilling the constitutional duty that the other body has to and the constitutional duty that the President has to, which is to advise and consent on a nomination made by the President or not consent made by the President of a Supreme Court Justice. The claim that this is an 80year precedent that has not been broken based upon the time that the President is now serving—332 days—there is no such term as a lame duck in the United States Congress is incorrect. It was recently done in 1988, under President Reagan, with Justice Kennedy, when he was nominated by a Democratcontrolled Senate, 97–0. It is important that we express to the American people that we are willing to do our duty. I would adhere to the Latin term in English: the last expression of the people prevail. The President of the United States was duly elected in 2012. His term has not ended. I applaud the President for doing his constitutional duty. I think it is important for us to do our constitutional duty, the Congress of the United States, and address the question on making sure the Court is full to do its duty. f 
A TRIBUTE TO HARPER LEE (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, last week the world lost a literary giant and Alabama lost a legend. A native of Alabama’s First Congressional District, Nelle Harper Lee was born and died in Monroeville, Alabama, the city that served as an inspiration for the town of Maycomb in her legendary novel ‘‘To Kill a Mockingbird.’’ Nelle received many honors throughout her life, including being inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor, receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and being awarded the National Medal of Arts. She was known as a private woman, but her writings inspired generations, promoted acceptance, and taught us all important life lessons. Sadly, she passed away in Monroeville on February 19 at the age of 89. One of the best lessons Nelle taught us was about tolerance. As she wrote in ‘‘To Kill a Mockingbird,’’ ‘‘You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view . . . until you climb into his skin and walk around in it.’’ May we all take time to reflect on the life of Nelle Harper Lee, and may we all continue to live out her lesson of tolerance each and every day. 
AUTUMN JOHNSON KILLED BY GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, on the evening of February 9, this little precious angel, 1yearold Autumn Johnson, was in her crib when a gunman approached her family’s Compton home and opened fire on the converted garage where they lived. Autumn was struck by a single bullet to her head. Two sheriff’s deputies on the scene didn’t think they could wait for the paramedics and rushed little Autumn in her father’s arms to the hospital in their squad car. She was declared dead at the hospital. Yesterday sheriffs arrested her suspected killer. The motive is still unknown, but law enforcement suspects gang involvement. I hope that justice is served, but I know that nothing can make up for what Autumn’s parents have lost. I attended her funeral on Saturday, and my heart broke into a million pieces when I saw Autumn in her little lavender casket. Before she was buried, her young father put her pink teddy bear in beside her. When is the breaking point? When will we decide that our communities have seen enough bloodshed? When will we get serious about investing in our young people and giving them better opportunities than gangs? When will we in Congress finally do our part to prevent gun violence? Autumn’s life mattered, and it is time we started acting like it. 
HONORING CAROL MOONEY, PRESIDENT OF SAINT MARY’S COLLEGE (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and pay tribute to a champion of higher education in my district. For the last 12 years, Dr. Carol Mooney has honorably served as president of Saint Mary’s College in Notre Dame, Indiana. She is beloved by her peers and praised for strengthening Saint Mary’s fiscal and academic standings. Her work has directly impacted the lives of students on campus, providing them with the highest quality education possible. As its first lay alumna president, Mooney spearheaded Saint Mary’s most successful fundraising campaign, raising over $105 million in gifts and pledges. She also oversaw the expansion of numerous undergraduate and graduate programs. Clearly, her dedication to and passion for education has been felt far and wide. On behalf of the people of Indiana’s Second Congressional District, I thank President Mooney for her commitment to improving the state of our community and society at large and wish her all the best as she enters retirement later this year. b1215 RECOGNIZING THE WORLD WAR II GHOST ARMY (Ms. KUSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a group of men who played a crucial and unique role in the Allied victory in World War II. The Army’s 23rd Headquarters Special Troops, also known as the Ghost Army, used tactical deception to divert enemy troops. Recruited from art schools and ad agencies, these men created false radio transmissions, along with decoy tanks, planes, and other vehicles, to deceive German soldiers while concealing the true movement of our Allied troops. The unit’s members included celebrated artists like Bill Blass and Ellsworth Kelly, and men like the late Mickey McKane, who lived in my district. Mickey was recruited from the Pratt Institute and put his expertise in architectural design to good use on the battlefields of Europe. The Ghost Army’s activities were classified until 1996, which meant that for years their heroics went largely unrecognized. Last year, my colleague PETER KINGand I introduced legislation to collectively award a Congressional Gold Medal to the unit. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and give the Ghost Army the recognition it deserves. I hope you will join me tomorrow night on the Hill, where I will be hosting a screening of an acclaimed 2013 PBS documentary, The Ghost Army. As the proud daughter and daughter inlaw of World War II veterans, I am honored to advocate for those who sacrificed so much for our victory. I urge my colleagues to join me in these efforts. 
LACONIA PD (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the Laconia, New Hampshire, Police Department helping combat our State’s growing heroin epidemic. Even in picturesque communities like Laconia, New Hampshire’s Lakes Region, heroin abuse is afflicting everyone from kids to adults. Laconia is taking a new approach to the problem, however. In addition to locking up drug dealers, the Laconia Police Department named former undercover officer Eric Adams as a prevention and treatment coordinator. In his new job, Officer Adams builds relationships with heroin users, often at their most vulnerable moments, convincing them to seek treatment. Sometimes his cell phone rings in the middle of the night. A desperate caller pleads with Eric for help. He arrives with compassion and information. Just last year, he helped 78 Granite Staters seek treatment. In Congress, members of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic are working to direct more resources to innovative programs like Laconia’s. The Laconia Police Department is providing a model for others and saving lives. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, last weekend, six people were murdered by a gunman on the streets of Kalamazoo, Michigan. So far this year, we have had more than 1,800 people die at the hands of a gun and more than 30 mass shootings. Congress has done nothing in the face of this continued bloodshed. What will it take for us to act? Today I will introduce the Hate Crimes Prevention Act, a bill that closes the hate crimes loophole and will prevent those convicted of hate crimes from possessing or purchasing a gun. I have proposed the assault weapons ban, a bill to end the purchase of firearms by dangerous individuals, to close the fire sale loophole. My colleagues have introduced many other bills to fix our broken background check system. It is important that we take up this legislation and vote on these bills to let our constituents know where we stand in this fight to reduce gun violence in our country. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RAY WEST (Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of my constituent Ray West, who passed away last week at the age of 89. Ray was a U.S. Navy veteran who served during World War II. He went on to have a successful career in the film industry, earning an Academy Award and a Grammy for his work as a sound engineer. Ray and his wife, Jean, were married in 1950. The two honeymooned in Yosemite National Park and celebrated each anniversary by returning there. Ray became ill and the Dream Foundation stepped in. The Dream Foundation is a wishgranting organization for terminally ill adults that is based in Santa Barbara, California. They ensured that Ray and Jean would be able to visit Yosemite for their 65th wedding anniversary. Last September I had the privilege of meeting Ray and his son David when they traveled to Washington, D.C., for the launch of the Dream Foundation’s Dreams for Veterans Program. I was 
honored to be able to recognize him for his outstanding military service and his extraordinary life. So today, my thoughts are with Ray’s family. I pray they find comfort as they celebrate the life of this remarkable man. 
CENTRAL INTERCOLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association. Founded in 1912, the CIAA is our Nation’s first historically Black collegiate athletic conference and one of our country’s oldest athletic conferences. The CIAA is being held in Charlotte, North Carolina, this week, which I have the pleasure of representing. As cochair of the Bipartisan Congressional HBCU Caucus, I am proud of the mission of the CIAA, which encourages educational advancements for student athletes, promotes positive competitive sportsmanship, and highlights HBCUs and other member institutions. The Queen City has hosted this conference for more than 10 years, and the CIAA has had a positive impact on Charlotte’s economy over the last decade, generating more than $325 million. It continues to generate more than $55 million annually. CIAA’s sponsors, along with the city of Charlotte, have also provided $1.5 million annually in scholarship funding for member schools. I thank CIAA for being such a positive force in the Charlotte area, and for students, families, and supporters across the country. I wish the best to all of the male and female athletes competing for titles this week. 
AIPM ACT/NATIONAL INVASIVE SPECIES WEEK (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of National Invasive Species Awareness Week, this is a great opportunity to call attention to the more than 4,300 invasive species that harm our domestic agriculture, local landowners, and communities throughout the United States. So, what are invasive species? In my home State of Hawaii, the coffee berry borer, coconut rhinoceros beetle, macadamia nut felted coccid, and others cost our local economy millions and threaten our unique ecosystem, our agriculture and waterways, as well as our food supply and public health. There is no onesizefitsall solution to combat the thousands of noxious species that are present across the country. That is why I strongly encourage my colleagues to cosponsor and pass H.R. 3893, a bill I sponsored, the Areawide Integrated Pest Management Act, which would bring local stakeholders together with researchers and other key players in order to find sustainable, costeffective, and comprehensive solutions that will better help all of us to manage and prevent the spread of these harmful pests and invasive species. f 
DEADLINE FOR A STRATEGY TO COMBAT ISLAMIC EXTREMISM (Mr. LAHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, last week the Obama administration failed to meet a congressionally mandated deadline to submit a strategy to combat Islamic terrorism. To comply with the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, President Obama was required to submit to Congress a comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS by Monday, February 15, 2016. That was over a week ago. We still have not received his strategy. Confronting this threat is of utmost importance to the safety and security of the United States and our allies. While there is an absence of leadership from our Commander in Chief, the House has taken several steps to keep America safe from terrorism. We passed the Visa Waiver Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act to help prevent foreign terrorists from entering the United States. We also passed the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act, a bill to pause the government’s Syrian refugee program. Just yesterday the House passed two additional measures to ensure our Federal agencies are working to disrupt the travel of terrorists and those seeking help from terrorists. The House alone cannot keep America safe. We need action from this administration, and submitting an incomplete plan to remove dangerous terrorists to the United States from Guantanamo Bay doesn’t count. It just threatens our security more. ISIS is a very grave threat that is clearly not contained. Today I urge the President to comply with the National Defense Authorization Act and submit a plan to Congress. 
HEALTH SAVINGS ACT GIVES MORE FLEXIBILITY TO MEET HEALTH CARE NEEDS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, hardworking families in Minnesota and around the country want more flexibility, more choice, and lower costs when it comes to their own health care. Instead of a topdown approach, patients should be able to work with their doctor to determine what is best to meet their health care needs. One of the best tools to provide more flexibility for patients are health savings accounts and flexible spending accounts. HSAs and FSAs are a great way to save for future medical expenses. However, due to certain loopholes in current law, employers are often discouraged from contributing to their employees’ accounts. That is why I have introduced legislation, the Health Savings Act, that would remove this loophole and encourage companies to contribute directly to their employees’ HSAs and FSAs. The bill also would bring in seniors and Active Duty military personnel into the mix by allowing contributions to be made to those accounts under Medicare and TRICARE. It also makes commonsense fixes to the current rules regarding HSAs and FSAs. For instance, patients would now be able to purchase overthecounter medications such as aspirin or allergy medicine without getting a prescription from their doctor first. Mr. Speaker, let’s give the American people more choice and more flexibility. Let’s pass the Health Savings Act. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 238) to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 238 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 238, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today I rise in support of S. 238, the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015. Eric Williams was born on August 24, 1978, in WilkesBarre, Pennsylvania. He was the son of Donald and Jean Williams. Eric spent most of his life in Nanticoke, Pennsylvania, where he attended the Nanticoke public schools and graduated from Greater Nanticoke Area High School in 1996. Eric was an avid soccer player. He played youth soccer, was a member of the high school team, and continued playing in adult leagues. In addition, to his love of soccer, Eric was an avid sportsman. He enjoyed hunting, fishing, and bowling. Eric graduated with a criminal justice degree from King’s College in WilkesBarre, Pennsylvania, and was a graduate of Lackawanna College’s police program. He went on to become a security specialist and then a police officer with Jefferson Township, Pennsylvania. In September of 2011, Eric began his career as a corrections officer at the U.S. Penitentiary in Canaan. In his spare time, he volunteered by visiting jails, talking to inmates about health and spiritual issues. On the night of February 25, 2013—3 years ago tomorrow—Eric was supervising more than 100 highsecurity inmates at the USP in Canaan. While making his rounds for nightly lockdown just before 10 p.m., inmate and gang member Jesse Conui launched an unprovoked, brutal, and cowardly attack against Senior Officer Williams. Conui knocked Eric down a staircase, fracturing his skull. He proceeded to stab Eric more than 200 times with a homemade prison shank. When authorities found Eric’s body, he had only a set of keys, a pair of handcuffs, and a handheld radio on him, clearly not enough to defend himself against such a brutal attack. Eric was 34 years old when he was murdered. The Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015 will ensure that our brave corrections officers have the necessary equipment to properly defend themselves from this type of attack in the future. S. 238 requires the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue pepper spray to any Bureau of Prisons officer or employee who may have to respond to an emergency situation to reduce acts of violence committed by prisoners. b1230 This is a muchneeded piece of legislation to ensure the safety and security of Bureau of Prisons employees as well as the inmates in their facilities. This bill passed the Senate 2 months ago and, if passed today, will be presented to the President. I want to particularly thank Congressman MARINO , who represents the district where Eric lived and who has been a staunch advocate for making pepper spray available to Bureau of Prisons employees. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the senior member of the House Judiciary Committee and as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, as the Representative of Houston, I am privileged to be able to support this legislation, legislation that, I am very glad to say, had been included in our draft prison bill, a bipartisan bill. But because of the urgency of this matter, I am very glad to be on the floor of the House with the cosponsors, sponsors, and the chairman of the full committee, Mr. GOODLATTE ; and the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. CONYERS , as well, joins in the importance of this effort. My heart aches for Eric Williams’ family, and it aches for the circumstance that caused him to lose his life. Obviously, this young man was committed to public safety, the criminal justice system, and, in fact, the rehabilitation of those who were incarcerated, even in highrisk circumstances. I rise to support S. 238, the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015, to make sure that this provision, providing a tool of safety for these brave corrections officers, does not go out of existence. I want to extend my thanks again to Judiciary Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member CONYERS , as I indicated, for their ongoing, bipartisan leadership. But again, let me refer back to Eric Williams, the namesake of this legislation and the tragedy of his death. I want to offer my sympathy to the family members and to again say that this death did not have to happen. 
As I discuss the bill, I want to make the point that we should not shortchange the resources needed for the men and women who are on the front lines of protecting us and securing a criminal justice system to make it work. In this instance, that is what happened. A death had occurred earlier, but the pilot program did not reach to Eric’s facility, and that is inexcusable. But, fortunately, this permanent adding or expanding of this bill will make sure that every highrisk facility under the Bureau of Prisons will have this pepper spray. The Judiciary Committee unanimously passed the groundbreaking prison reform bill, as I said, 2 weeks ago. This measure was included. S. 238 codifies a pilot program that has increased Federal prison safety nationwide. It is crucial. However, it is set to expire in a few days, and I look forward to my colleagues bringing forth the criminal justice bill. It is important to move this bill now. Tomorrow marks 3 years since the death of Correctional Officer Eric Williams, who was stabbed by an inmate at a highsecurity facility. He was working alone, as I said, with 100 inmates, high risk. Armed with only a radio, keys, and handcuffs, he was unable to defend himself against the aggressive attack. If Officer Williams was equipped with pepper spray, then he might still be here with us today. Passing S. 238 will honor Officer Williams. The provisions of this bill require BOP to issue oleoresin capsicum spray, known as pepper spray, to certain staff at a higher security prison. This requirement is truly common sense and does not apply to minimum or lowsecurity facilities. It only applies to staff that may respond to an emergency situation in the prison. S. 238 includes critical safeguards to ensure pepper spray is used appropriately and only when necessary to prevent acts of violence, it is determined that pepper spray is not dangerous, only in limited circumstances. The legislation requires the officer or employee to complete a pepper spray training course before being issued the spray, annually thereafter. It establishes parameters for using the spray, and it may only be used to reduce acts of violence. In doing so, S. 238 makes it clear that pepper spray may not be used to punish or coerce inmates, or in an excessive, inappropriate fashion. Finally, let me say that it is with sadness, but with pleasure, that we provide this legislation and move it quickly so that we can provide that permanent armor, if you will, to protect these officers who are dealing with highrisk inmates. I ask my colleagues to support this legislation. As a senior Member of the House Judiciary Committee; as the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations; as the representative from Houston and as a cosponsor of legislation that includes this same measure, I rise in support of S. 238, the ‘‘Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015.’’ Let me extend my thanks to Judiciary Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member C ONYERS for their ongoing leadership on bipartisan criminal justice reform. When the Judiciary Committee unanimously passed a groundbreaking prison reform bill just two weeks ago, that bill included the measure before us today. S. 238 codifies a pilot program that has increased federal prison safety nationwide. This crucial program, however, is set to expire in just a few days. While I look forward to working with my colleagues to bring our bipartisan criminal justice reform bills before this Chamber soon, we must pass S. 238 now to avoid letting this important program expire. Tomorrow marks three years since the death of Correctional Officer Eric Williams, who was stabbed by an inmate at a high security facility in Waymart, PA. Officer Williams was working alone in a unit of more than loo inmates. Armed only with a radio, keys, and handcuffs, he was unable to defend himself against the aggressive attack. If Officer Williams was equipped with pepper spray, then he might still be here with us today. Passing S. 238 will honor Officer Williams. The Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015 provides officers in higher security facilities with the means to protect themselves when necessary. S. 238 requires BOP to issue oleoresin capsicum spray, known as pepper spray, to certain staff at higher security prisons. This requirement is truly common sense: it does not apply to minimum or low security facilities; and it only applies to staff that ‘‘may respond to an emergency situation’’ in the prison. S. 238 includes critical safeguards to ensure pepper spray is used appropriately and only when necessary to prevent acts of violence. Specifically, this legislation: requires the officer or employee to complete a pepper spray training course before being issued the spray, and annually thereafter; and establishes perimeters for using the spray—it may only be used to reduce acts of violence committed by prisoners against themselves or others. In doing so, S. 238 makes it clear that pepper spray may not be used to punish or coerce inmates, or in an excessive and inappropriate fashion. The need to provide permanent protective equipment cannot be overstated. Mass incarceration has led to dangerously overcrowded federal prisons. Such conditions can frequently lead, or at least contribute to, unnecessary violence. High and medium security level facilities make up 42 percent of the total BOP population. In FY2013 these facilities were operating 52 percent and 45 percent over capacity, respectively. Officers in these facilities must be equipped to protect themselves and others. In 2010, there were almost 1,700 assaults on BOP staff—about 49 per 5,000 inmates. BOP requires officers on regular duty to carry a radio, body alarm, and keys. Outside the pilot program and aside from emergency situations and special teams, officers do not carry pepper spray or batons. Officers must rely on communication skills and training to deescalate confrontations. These are critically important skills and we know that our welltrained federal correctional officers are generally able to use these skills to avoid violence. In some instances, however, these skills may not be enough and, when they are not, these officers must not be defenseless. The issuance of pepper spray, alongside proper training, will go a long way to assisting these officers when all else fails. We ask a lot of federal correctional officers. We support these officers with training and skills, but that is not always enough. When faced with acts of violence against themselves and others, they must be wellpositioned to cut that violence short. It is therefore vital that we pass S. 238 now. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me; the National Association of Police Organizations; Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association; American Federation of Government Employees, and Council of Prison Locals; in supporting the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), a member of the Judiciary Committee and a subcommittee chairman who has been an advocate on this issue and whose district was directly impacted by the murder of Eric Williams. Mr. MARINO. I thank Chairman GOODLATTE for bringing this legislation to the floor, and I thank Mr. CONYERS  for supporting this as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act. I was not fortunate enough to know Eric Williams while he lived, but, as I have met and worked with his parents, his coworkers and friends, I have come to grasp the depth of his loss to them all. As the chairman stated before me, on the night he was brutally murdered, Eric was alone and outnumbered, over 100 to 1, in a highsecurity Federal penitentiary. USP Canaan, where Eric was murdered, is one of three such highsecurity institutions in my congressional district. And I might add that Congressman GOODLATTE and I toured the facilities at Lewisburg and at Allenwood several months ago and saw firsthand what takes place there. In each of them, corrections officers and other prison staff are constantly outnumbered while they work among the most violent criminals in the Federal prison system. Until the BOP implemented its OC spray pilot program, each of these correctional officers was also completely unarmed. Inmates, on the other hand, constantly find ingenious ways to fabricate weapons for use against BOP employees and other inmates. But, as I have visited and met with corrections officers at USP Canaan, 
FCC Allenwood, and USP Lewisburg, I have heard firsthand accounts why OC spray is a necessary tool for their job. It is a sign of why this proven pilot program must be permanently authorized. I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE for his support and assistance on this critical piece of legislation, and my colleagues sitting with me here today and on the other side of the aisle. Over many months now, he and the staff have worked with mine to ensure that we bring this to the floor. I also want to thank my colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator TOOMEY , for his efforts to push the bill through the Senate. While straightforward and short, the bill means life and/or death for corrections officers and BOP employees across the Nation. The loss of Eric Williams and two other Federal corrections officers in recent years is tragic and absolutely preventable. Tomorrow, February 25, marks 3 years since Eric’s death. To honor his service and his memory, I urge my colleagues to do right for those who protect us and support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ). Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act. First, let me explain the title of the bill. Eric Williams was a constituent of mine from Nanticoke, a senior correctional officer at the U.S. Prison at Canaan in Waymart, Pennsylvania, which is just outside of my district. On February 25, 2013, that is 3 years ago tomorrow, Eric Williams was working in the prison when he was suddenly attacked by an inmate. The inmate knocked Officer Williams down a flight of steps. He then stabbed him more than 200 times with a homemade shank. That inmate is now charged with first degree murder, first degree murder of a United States corrections officer, and possessing contraband in prison. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty. Needless to say, at the time of the attack, Officer Williams was unarmed. Now, it makes sense that officers don’t carry firearms into areas where inmates could gain access to them, but this bill tells the Bureau of Prisons to supply pepper spray to prison officers or other employees who could be involved in emergency situations with inmates. If Officer Williams had been equipped with pepper spray 3 years ago, he might have been able to defend himself against that cowardly, ambushstyle attack, and perhaps he would be alive today. This will give correctional officers that fighting chance that Officer Williams did not have. I have had the privilege of meeting with Eric Williams’ parents, Don and Jean. They are now part of an organization called Voices of JOE. The letters of JOE stand for Jose Rivera, Osvaldo Albarati, and Eric Williams. They were killed because of their jobs in the correctional system. For them, Mr. Speaker, and all of our correctional officers who risk their lives every day, I urge support of the bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ), who is the chief sponsor of the House version of this bill. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 238, the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act, and urge its immediate adoption. Two years ago, our office met with the family of Eric Williams. We heard the tragic story of how he was brutally murdered in the line of duty at the penitentiary at Canaan. In coordination with Senator TOOMEY ’s office, we then introduced the bill, in concert with Congressmen BARLETTA and M ARINO , the companion bill in the House. We reintroduced it again this past year and are thrilled that the Toomey bill has passed the Senate and has come before the House today. This bill will permanently authorize Federal correction officers to routinely carry pepper spray in medium, high, and maximumsecurity prisons. Think about what we heard a minute ago. At the time of his death, Officer Williams was only equipped with a radio, a set of keys, and some handcuffs. Any worker should feel safe and secure when they go to work, but that is not the case in our Federal correctional institutions. These men and women have no line of defense against conflicts within the prison walls. This bill will go far in providing Federal correctional workers a muchneeded tool so that they may defend themselves and others if attacked by violent prison inmates. I thank the Judiciary Committee and leadership for their quick action in bringing this issue to the floor, and I urge all my colleagues to honor the memory of Officer Eric Williams by voting ‘‘yes’’ and sending this bill to the President’s desk. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. b1245 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, let me state the obvious. All of us are appalled and saddened by the loss of this correctional officer. We express again our sadness and sympathy to his family although 3 years later. Eric Williams did not deserve to die. Our Federal prisons across America are dangerously overcrowded. Such conditions can frequently lead or at least contribute to unnecessary violence. High and mediumlevel security facilities make up 42 percent of the total Bureau of Prisons population. In FY 2013, these facilities were operating 52 percent and 45 percent over capacity, respectively. Officers in these facilities must be equipped to protect themselves. In 2010, there were almost 1,700 assaults on BOP staff and about 49 per 5,000 inmates. BOP requires officers of regular duty to carry a radio, body alarm, and keys. Outside the pilot program and aside from the emergency situation and special teams, officers do not carry pepper spray all the time. Officers must rely on communication skills and training to deescalate confrontations. Sometimes that is not enough. These are important skills. We know that welltrained Federal correctional officers are generally able to use these skills to avoid violence, but not all the time. We must not have one single time where we have an officer at the risk of losing their life and they have no protection. In some instances, however, these skills may not be enough. When they are not, these officers must not be defenseless. Issuance of pepper spray alongside proper training will go a long way to assist these officers. We ask a lot of Federal correctional officers. In the comments made about Mr. Williams, he was engaged in counseling and rehabilitation discussions. We support these officers with training and skills. We do expect for them to interact. When faced with acts of violence against themselves and others, they must be well positioned to cut that violence short. So I ask my colleges to join in passing S. 238. I thank the author of the bill who persisted in introducing it on many occasions, my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, including Mr. MARINO , and others, our chairman and ranking member. I urge my colleagues to join me, the National Association of Police Organizations, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the American Federation of Government Employees, and the Council of Prison Locals in supporting the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Very simply, a few weeks ago I had the opportunity to meet Mr. and Mrs. Williams, Eric’s parents. They came to the House Judiciary Committee on the day that we marked up our prison reform legislation and included matters related to protecting the security officers in that legislation. They came after Eric had been brutally murdered. So they knew that 
nothing they did there that day would save him, that he had already been lost. But they came for one important reason. They don’t want to see that happen to any other Federal prison security guards anywhere anytime. They strongly support this legislation. I ask my colleagues to pass this legislation in Eric Williams’ name and out of respect for the concern his parents have that officers who serve their country in our Federal prisons are kept safe. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 238. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3624, FRAUDULENT JOINDER PREVENTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 618 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on House Resolution 618, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. It is a structured rule that provides 1 hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee for H.R. 3624, the Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2016. In addition to consideration of H.R. 3624, the House will also debate and vote on two amendments on the House floor. Yesterday the Rules Committee received testimony from the sponsor of the bill and a minority representative of the Judiciary Committee. Subcommittee hearings were held on this legislation, and it was marked up and reported by the Judiciary Committee. This bill went through regular order and enjoyed meaningful discussion at the subcommittee and full committee level. H.R. 3624 is strongly supported by the National Federation of Independent Business and the Chamber of Commerce because of the significance of this issue to small businesses in northeast Georgia and across the Nation. This legislation will protect innocent local parties, often small businessowners, from being dragged into expensive lawsuits. It achieves this goal in two specific ways. First, the bill empowers judges to exercise greater discretion to free an innocent local party from a case where the judge finds there is no plausible case against that party. It applies the same plausibility standard that the Supreme Court has said should be used to dismiss pleadings for failing to state a valid legal claim, and we believe the same standard should apply to release innocent parties from lawsuits. Second, the bill allows judges to look at evidence that the trial lawyers aren’t acting in good faith in adding local defendants. This is a standard some lower courts already use to determine whether a trial lawyer really intends to pursue claims against the local defendant or is just using them as part of their forum shopping strategy. It is important to emphasize that Congress has the authority to regulate the jurisdiction of the lower Federal courts. The present standard has been described as poorly defined and subject to inconsistent interpretation and application and the consequences significant and real. H.R. 3624 is consistent with the views of our Founding Fathers and the principles of federalism enshrined in the Judiciary Act of 1789. I would like to thank Chairman GOODLATTE , Congressman B UCK, and their staff for their work in bringing forth this important litigation reform. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and in strong opposition to the underlying legislation. In short, this is a lousy bill. At the end of last year, Republicans and Democrats came together to pass four major pieces of legislation that were sent to President Obama’s desk and enacted into law. We passed a bipartisan budget agreement, a multiyear tax package, a highway bill, and legislation to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act that had all been stalled for years. That is how Congress is supposed to work, Mr. Speaker. Quite frankly, I thought at the end of last year that maybe these successes would be contagious and that it would become the norm to actually work together in a bipartisan way and to pass meaningful legislation that would actually become law. But this Republican leadership, I am sad to say, has returned from the holiday break with more of the same tired ideas and partisan legislation that is going nowhere. We are wasting time with this legislation today, which is going nowhere. We are wasting taxpayer dollars spending our time dealing with legislation that is going nowhere. Instead of considering legislation to create jobs, boost our economy, or lift struggling Americans out of poverty, 
this Republican leadership is once again bringing to the floor a completely unnecessary bill that puts the interests of large corporations ahead of the rights of the American people to pursue justice through our court system. It is not even the first time this week Republicans have played politics with our judicial system. Just yesterday Senate Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL and Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee confirmed that Senate Republicans will not hold hearings or any votes on any nominee by President Obama to fill the current vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court, leaving a vacancy on our highest court for at least a year or more. Mr. Speaker, for the life of me, I can’t understand why my Republican friends have spent so much time during the last 7 years doing everything they can to try to obstruct this President’s agenda and every idea that this President has had. The contempt that Republicans have demonstrated for this President from day one, when the Senate majority leader made clear that they wanted to make President Obama a oneterm President and that the Republicans were going to do everything they could to stop every piece of legislation that he proposed because they wanted him to have no success stories, I think illustrates why this place has become the Congress of dysfunction. We need to do better. We need to understand that, in Washington, D.C., our job is to try to get things done, not simply put roadblocks in the way. Interfering with our judicial system to score political points sets a dangerous precedent, and the underlying bill that we are set to consider later today is just one more attempt to unbalance the scales of justice. H.R. 3624, the socalled Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act, works to create a wild west environment for big corporations by making it harder for ordinary citizens to hold them accountable for their actions. It is simply another Republican handout to big business. H.R. 3624 is an attempt to create a solution to a problem that doesn’t exist. The issue of determining if a local party has improperly joined a case is already dealt with in our judicial system. There is no real evidence that the current system is failing to address any fraudulent joinders. This bill creates redtape and bureaucracy, something I am constantly hearing my Republican friends complain about, all to make our courts friendlier to big business. H.R. 3624 looks to move judicial cases that are supposed to be handled in State courts up to the Federal system, where trials take longer and are more expensive. This makes it significantly harder for an individual who has been injured by a corporation to take them to court and to be able to receive the compensation that they may be entitled to, that they deserve. The costs are even higher for those seeking justice when you consider that this change would force many individuals to travel long distances. This is unjust and unfair. Maybe it pleases a certain group of contributors, but it is certainly not in the interests of the average American citizen. Clogging up our Federal court system with unnecessary cases that should be handled in State courts is simply not in the best interest of the American people. Congress should not be taking away the power of the courts to determine where a case should be heard. Mr. Speaker, Americans would be outraged to learn that we are even considering a bill that would tilt the scales even more in the direction of big corporations. This is the people’s House. We are supposed to be on the side of the people, not on the side of big corporations. So I urge my colleagues to reject this rule, to reject this underlying bill, and to get on the side of the American people. If we want to do something constructive, maybe what we ought to do is pass a bill that allows the American people to sue the Congress for malpractice because that is what this is about. This really is malpractice, that we are wasting our time on a bill that essentially is a giveaway to big corporations and we are not doing the business that the people sent us here to do. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule. I reserve the balance of my time. b1300 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the previous question. If we do defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up a resolution that would require the Republican majority to stop its partisan games and finally hold hearings on the President’s budget proposal. I don’t know why this is so controversial. We ought to have a hearing, and we ought to talk about various ideas on how to deal with our budget. The President of the United States is entitled to have a hearing up here in the House of Representatives. I urge my colleagues again not to follow suit of the Senate, which is, again, blocking any hearings on a new Supreme Court nominee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ) to discuss this proposal. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding time. This is my eighth year in service on the House Budget Committee. For the last 7 years, every year, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget has come to the House Budget Committee and has presented the budget of the President of the United States—the President of the United States, who has been duly elected by the people of this country for two terms. Now the House Budget Committee decides that it wants to break 40 years of tradition and not allow the administration to present the President’s budget to not just the committee, but also to the country. This isn’t just unprecedented, this is disrespectful to the members of the committee and the Members of this House. It is certainly disrespectful to our President and the office of the Presidency. And above all, it is disrespectful to the American people who expect their elected leaders to at least review the budget of the President they elected. As I have said before, the American people have elected President Obama twice. They did it for a reason. One of the reasons was that we were facing one of the greatest financial crises in the history of this country. The record since President Obama has taken office is pretty good. During his time in office, he has overseen one of the most monumental recoveries in our Nation’s history. Consider some of the things that have happened over the past two terms of the Obama administration. Over the last 6 years, 14 million new jobs have been created; unemployment is now down to 5 percent; our budget deficit is at the smallest it has been in 8 years, down $1 trillion from the year President Obama took office; corporate profits are up more than 165 percent; the Dow Jones average has doubled; the S&P 500 has more than doubled, up 140 percent; the NASDAQ has tripled, rising 222 percent; more than 16 million Americans now have health coverage who previously didn’t; and new business formations are running at their highest rate in 17 years. With that record of economic leadership, you would think that not just the American people, but certainly the House Budget Committee members would want to hear what this President has to say about his vision for the economy going forward and for the budget of this government. But no, once again, for the first time in 40 years, we don’t have time or, apparently, the interest to listen to what the President has to say. I shouldn’t say ‘‘we.’’ This is the Republicans on the Budget Committee. Budgets are the way we prioritize our values and our preferences for future action. I know why the Republicans don’t want to hear the President’s budget, because they don’t want the American people to compare what the President would like to do with what their own budget will do. Now, we don’t 
know exactly what that Republican budget is going to look like this year, but we do know that the Republican budget is going to resemble the Paul Ryan budget of 2012 and 2011. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman from Kentucky an additional 1 minute. Mr. YARMUTH. That budget was so distasteful to the American people that his running mate in 2012, Mr. Romney, was forced to disavow it. We can make our own judgments, but we can’t make our own judgments if we can’t see and we don’t let the American people see the administration discuss their priorities versus the Republican priorities. This really is an insult, once again, to the American people that Republicans are too scared of the contrast that will be presented to even allow the President’s budget, the constitutionally elected President of the United States, to have his budget discussed in front of the American people. It is shameful. I urge my colleagues to reject the previous question. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include in the RECORD an editorial that appeared in the New York Times, entitled, ‘‘Republican Budget Tantrum.’’ The editorial concludes with this paragraph saying: ‘‘The President’s budget request is a detailed and worthy entry in the contest of ideas. Its aim is to move the Nation forward. If Republicans had compelling ideas and a similar commitment to progress, they would engage with the proposals in the budget. But they don’t. So they won’t.’’ 
[From the New York Times, Feb. 9, 2016] REPUBLICAN BUDGET TANTRUM  (By The Editorial Board) By law, dating back to 1921, the president of the United States must submit an annual budget request to Congress. On Tuesday, President Obama submitted his eighth and final budget. And like all presidential budgets, it is a statement of values and priorities, a blueprint for turning ideas into policies, a map of where the president wants to lead the country. This week, even before the president’s budget was released, the Republican chairmen of the budget committees announced they would not even hold hearings with the White House budget director to discuss the proposal. Their decision is more than a break with tradition. It is a new low in Republican efforts to show disdain for Mr. Obama, which disrespects the presidency and, in the process, suffocates debate and impairs governing. Mr. Obama’s budget proposes to spend $4 trillion in the 2017 fiscal year (slightly more than for 2016). That total would cover recurring expenses, including Medicare and Social Security, as well as new initiatives to fight terrorism, poverty and climate change, while fostering health, education and environmental protection. If Republicans find those efforts objectionable—as their refusal to even discuss them indicates—they owe it to their constituents and other Americans to say why. Would they prefer to renege on Social Security benefits? Do they think $11 billion to fight ISIS, as the budget proposes, is too much? Is $4.3 billion to deter Russian aggression against NATO allies a bad idea? Does $19 billion for cybersecurity to protect government records, critical infrastructure and user privacy seem frivolous? And is $1.2 billion to help states pay for safe drinking water or $292 million to send more preschoolers to Head Start really unaffordable? Republicans have objected that the president’s budget does not do enough to tackle the nation’s borrowing. But according to the White House’s estimate, the proposal would reduce deficits by $2.9 trillion over the next 10 years. That would be sufficient to hold deficits below 3 percent of the economy, a level that is widely considered manageable and even desirable, because a wealthy and growing nation can afford to borrow for projects that would be financially burdensome if paid for all at once. If Republicans have a plan to pay for the necessary work of government while eliminating deficits entirely, they should present it. The problem is that Republicans do not have viable alternatives. The budget proposes a $10abarrel tax on crude oil to help pay for $320 billion in new spending over 10 years on cleanenergy transportation projects. Congressional Republicans, unable to break free of their nonewtaxesever stance, have derided the oil tax. But what is their plan to pay for projects to modernize transportation and promote green technology in the absence of a new tax? The budget would also raise $272 billion over the next decade by closing tax loopholes that let highincome owners of limitedliability companies and other socalled pass through businesses avoid investment taxes that apply to all other investors. Most of the money would be used to strengthen Medicare’s finances. What is the Republican plan to strengthen Medicare? The president’s budget request is a detailed and worthy entry in the contest of ideas. Its aim is to move the nation forward. If Republicans had compelling ideas and a similar commitment to progress, they would engage with the proposals in the budget. But they don’t. So they won’t. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would just say that we are reading in the press that the chairman of the Budget Committee, the Republican chairman of the Budget Committee, is now punting on the Republican budget because apparently there is not enough red meat in there to satisfy the Tea Party—or the Freedom Caucus or whatever they call themselves this particular week—which is very, very disturbing. But I think it is important that the Republicans do their job, just like the President did his job. And while you are waiting to do your job, I think you should maybe have a hearing on the President’s budget so that maybe some of these ideas, my friends might be able to react to and maybe even find some agreement. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, the refusal of my friends on the other side of the aisle to hold a hearing on the President’s budget is an unprecedented show of disrespect. The lack of respect I have seen for this President is abominable, it is disgraceful, and it does not represent the American character. Chairman PRICE of the Budget Committee, Mr. Speaker, recently remarked he wanted to ‘‘save the President the embarrassment’’ of having his Budget Director come testify before the Congress. Save him the embarrassment? He should be embarrassed. This is the first time, Mr. Speaker, since 1975 that the Budget Committee has not given the basic courtesy of reviewing the President’s budget, regardless of politics, regardless of whether we had a Democratic President or a Republican President, or regardless of whether we had a Democratic Congress or we had a Republican Congress—since 1975. This crass display of partisanship diminishes the ability of Congress to do its job. It certainly doesn’t help us in reaching across the aisle, or maybe I am missing something. Had the committee held a hearing on the President’s budget, you would know that it creates opportunity for all, not just those at the top. It invests in growing the economy and ensuring the United States is competitive in the 21st century. Look, we set the parameters in December, just a few months ago, and now what you want to do politically is tell us you can’t live within those parameters. That is what you are telling the American people. We agreed to that. We voted on it. Now the majority has punted—to use the term—its responsibility and postponed releasing a budget as it tries to cater to the extreme rightwing of its party. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an additional 1 minute. Mr. PASCRELL. By the way, we were going to be marking up that budget this week; am I correct? I will stand corrected, Mr. Speaker, if I am wrong. We were supposed to be marking up that budget. Now, we have to ask: Why aren’t we marking up that budget? We call on you to use this extra time during this delay to do your job and hold a hearing on the President’s budget. It is the right thing to do. It is the moral thing to do. Gee, what does that mean? I asked you if you want to work in a bipartisan way. This would be a demonstration of how to do that. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me close by saying again to my colleagues that they should defeat this rule, which is a restrictive rule. They should vote against 
the previous question so we can actually bring forward the resolution that would allow for there to be a hearing on the President’s budget proposal, and we should defeat the underlying bill. We should defeat the underlying bill because it is a giveaway to big corporations and big special interests. It is a bill that seems like it was written in the Republican congressional campaign committee to make big contributors happy. It does nothing to protect the wellbeing and the interests of average Americans, of small businesses, and of people who do not have a lot of wealth. For those reasons, we ought to reject the underlying bill, we ought to have a debate on the President’s budget proposal, and we ought to have a debate on whatever the Republicans come up with on their budget proposal. Speaker RYANsaid that this would be the year of ideas, but it seems that any idea that isn’t the idea of a small group of very, very rightwing Republicans is not welcome to be talked about, never mind deliberated on, in this Congress. We need to listen to all ideas, and that includes what the President has proposed. By the way, this is a President who, notwithstanding all of the attempts by my Republican friends to try to frustrate all of his legislative efforts, has a record of accomplishment nonetheless, and one that I think we Democrats are very, very proud of. But the fact of the matter is he is the President. He was elected not once, but he was elected twice. The American people elected him twice. He is our President for another year, whether my friends like it other not. He ought to be given the respect—and not just him, but the Presidency ought to be given the respect—to not play these kinds of political games when it comes to the budget. I hope that the previous question will be defeated so that we can bring this amendment to the floor for a vote. Again, I urge my colleagues, we have a lot to do. Let’s stop bringing press releases to the floor for votes, and let’s start doing business that will actually help the American people. This has become a place where trivial issues get debated passionately but important ones not at all. We need to change that. There is a reason why Congress is so low in the public opinion polls. What is happening today is an example of that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. It has been interesting. Again, I want to just remind everyone, Mr. Speaker, that this is a rule debate about a bill that is coming forward to discuss a fraudulent joinder, which is something that impacts our communities and impacts our legal system. Just as a reminder, I am going to ask that you vote for the rule and for the underlying bill, H.R. 3624, which will have plenty of debate forthcoming. It has been an interesting thing in the last few minutes to discuss with my colleagues across the aisle and talk about real ideas and press releases. Well, it is interesting. It has always been the prerogative of Congress and committee chairmen to invite whom they want and how they run their committees, and that is continuing in that tradition. I think it is interesting that at the time it was announced, no hearing on the President’s budget was needed; we had no reason to believe the President’s budget would balance or show any real interest in doing the fiscal challenge. If you want to talk about press releases, go look at what was handed out just a few weeks ago. In the President’s budget, it had a great picture of a mountain on the front. It was great symbolism because it basically just symbolized that this is a budget of debt; it is a mountain of debt; it has no hope, no promise—never will—to balance our budget. Do you want to talk about real ideas? It reminds me of when I was going back and I was raising my children when they were smaller, and I would say it is time to eat and they would say: Daddy, we want candy. Daddy, we want this. I would say: You have to eat real food. Real ideas mean that in this country we take them seriously. b1315 It means a budget that can actually balance. When you have military leaders, business leaders, and community leaders saying that the greatest threat to America right now is our debt and deficit situation, and, yet, the President, in his own press release—if you would, a large budget—says that we are never going to balance, that we don’t hope to balance, I do not understand the disconnect from the kitchen table to the White House’s kitchen table. Undoubtedly, there is a disconnect, because you put forth an idea that is not serious, and you are not putting forth an idea that balances. It is the compelling idea that makes us move forward. The budget debate that Congress is having right now is one that the American people are demanding. It is about how we advance a budget that balances and that addresses fiscal challenges so we can have a strong national defense, a healthy economy, and healthy retirements and security for seniors and families. The President’s ‘‘status quo’’ budget doesn’t do that. In fact, it doesn’t do anything with regard to what we have talked about. Mr. Speaker, I was back in my district last week, as many of us were. One of the many things we are hearing in this election season is the reality that there is a disconnect between Main Street and inside this beltway. As long as there are ideas down a certain avenue called Pennsylvania that say we want to put a budget up that has no hope of helping this country out of the situation it is in, then we are not dealing in reality, then we are not dealing in real ideas. We are simply dealing in the fantasy that, one day, it will all just be better. Mr. Speaker, I remind our Democrat friends who are adamant about bringing the President’s budget into the mix that they are welcome to offer it up when a vote comes; but the last time the President’s budget hit the floor, it got all of two votes. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 237, nays 180, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Blumenauer Buck Cook Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Rice (SC) Roby Rooney (FL) Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Speier 
b1340 Messrs. CA´RDENAS, LYNCH, RUSH, and FARR changed their votes from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, February 24, 2016, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 85. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3624. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 238, noes 180, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Buck Cook Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Napolitano Roby Rooney (FL) Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier 
b1347 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, February 24, 2016, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 86. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 618—Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3624—Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2015. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 86 on February 24, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I was unable to vote on Wednesday, February 24, 2016, due to important events being held today in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On the motion on ordering the previous question on the rule for consideration of H.R. 3624, the Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2015, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On passage of H. Res. 618, the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 3624, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 571 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 571. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. STEWART ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
MODIFYING AND CONTINUING THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO CUBA AND CONTINUING TO AUTHORIZE THE REGULATION OF THE ANCHORAGE AND MOVEMENT OF VESSELS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–102) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, including section 1 of title II of Public Law 65–24, ch. 30, June 15, 1917, as amended (50 U.S.C. 191), sections 201, 202, and 301 of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued a Proclamation to modify and continue the national emergency declared in Proclamations 6867 and 7757. The Proclamation recognizes that certain descriptions of the national emergency set forth in Proclamations 6867 and 7757 no longer reflect the international relations of the United States related to Cuba. Further, the Proclamation recognizes the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba, and that the United States continues to pursue the progressive normalization of relations while aspiring toward a peaceful, prosperous, and democratic Cuba. The Proclamation clarifies the national emergency related to Cuba and specifically provides the following statements related to U.S. national security and foreign policy: ∑It is U.S. policy that a mass migration from Cuba would endanger the security of the United States by posing a disturbance or threatened disturbance of the international relations of the United States. ∑The unauthorized entry of vessels subject to the jurisdiction of the United States into Cuban territorial waters is in violation of U.S. law and contrary to U.S. policy. ∑The unauthorized entry of U.S.registered vessels into Cuban territorial waters is detrimental to U.S. foreign policy, and counter to the purpose of Executive Order 12807, which is to ensure, among other things, safe, orderly, and legal migration. ∑The possibility of largescale unauthorized entries of U.Sregistered vessels would disturb the international relations of the United States by facilitating a possible mass migration of Cuban nationals. I have directed the Secretary of Homeland Security (the ‘‘Secretary’’) to make and issue such rules and regulations as the Secretary may find appropriate to regulate the anchorage and movement of vessels, and authorize and approve the Secretary’s issuance of such rules and regulations, as authorized by the Act of June 15, 1917. I am enclosing a copy of the Proclamation I have issued. BARACK OBAMA .THEWHITE HOUSE , February 24, 2016. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill simply extends the authorization of the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission from 10 to 15 years. Congress designated the Gullah/ Geechee Heritage Corridor in 2006 to promote and interpret the story of African Americans known as Gullah/ Geechee who settled along the coast of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. The enabling legislation for the corridor, while providing a 15year authority for technical and financial assistance, only gave the identified local coordinating entity a 10year authorization. This bill matches up the two authorities so the Commission can continue its work. I want to thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) for bringing this issue to our attention and all of his work on behalf of the Gullah/ Geechee Heritage Corridor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3004, which would extend authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission through October of 2021. The low country and sea islands of our southeastern States, including the First Congressional District of Georgia, are home to some of our Nation’s most treasured cultures. One of the most unique is the Gullah/Geechee people. Over the past three centuries, the Gullah/Geechee people have developed and preserved their own distinct language and culture that retains many of their African traditions. The Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor was created to recognize the cultural contributions of the Gullah/Geechee and to assist in preserving and interpreting their history, language, folklore, art, and music. The Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission coordinates with local officials and communities to preserve and honor the Gullah/Geechee heritage for years to come. H.R. 3004 would extend the Commission’s authorization for an additional 5 years so that they may continue their mission of preserving the valuable contributions of the Gullah/Geechee culture. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), my distinguished colleague. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3004, a bill that makes a technical change to the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act. Gullah/Geechee is a blend of African and European language, culture, and traditions found along the coast and sea islands of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, where former slaves began their freedom in isolated and remote communities and nurtured unique cultural traditions. The Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act, signed into law in 2006, created the Gullah/Geechee Heritage Corridor to preserve and protect the remaining vestiges of this living culture, which has been threatened by development in these coastal communities. Called Gullah in the Carolinas and Geechee in Georgia and Florida, these enclaves of language and culture provide a significant link to African American heritage. As a former history teacher and historic preservation advocate, the establishment of the heritage corridor is one of my proudest achievements in Congress. This bill before us corrects a technical issue by extending the authorization of the Commission created by the original legislation to coincide with the heritage corridor, which runs to 2021. Without this change, the heritage corridor would continue to exist but would need to be managed by a new entity, eroding the progress the current Commission has made toward implementing its management plan. Enacting this legislation will ensure continuity in the management of the corridor so that its mission is carried out as efficiently and effectively as possible. I want to thank the chairman and ranking members of the Committee on Natural Resources and Subcommittee on Federal Lands for their support of this bill and for moving it swiftly to the House floor today for consideration. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE). b1400 Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I thank the distinguished gentleman for yielding. The Gullah/Geechee culture is infused throughout the low country of South Carolina. In fact, it is a big part of what makes the low country of South Carolina so unique. From Daufuskie on the southern end to Little River Neck on the northern end, that culture permeates our geography and our people. My father’s family, my grandfather’s family, my brother, and myself were raised in the midst of the Gullah/ Geechee culture. In all of our cities— again, from north to south; in Charleston, Myrtle Beach, and Georgetown— you can see those traditions infused throughout those communities. 
The traditions of the Gullah/Geechee arts, oral history, literature, music, cuisine, and others, have made a distinctive impact on the coastal Carolina culture. Growing up on the coast, I have fond memories of the Gullah/ Geechee people and their way of life. Authorizing the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission is important to preserving and managing the uniqueness of their important traditions. I support the reauthorization of the Commission and the passage of H.R. 3004. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3004. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK ACT OF 2016 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2880) to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2880 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2016’’. 
Any reference in a law (other than this Act), map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to ‘‘Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2880, introduced by our colleague, JOHN LEWIS, redesignates the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park. It also authorizes the National Park Service to include the Prince Hall Masonic Temple in the Historical Park’s boundaries. The Prince Hall Masonic Temple long served as the headquarters of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. This historic and distinguished civil rights organization was cofounded by Dr. King, who also served as its first president. Including the Prince Hall Masonic Temple within the unit’s boundary allows the National Park Service to provide technical assistance to the building’s owners with respect to repairs, renovations, and maintenance that would preserve its historic integrity. It can be said that every American figuratively walks in the footsteps of the American Founders and those who followed them and who perfected their vision. Because of their work, we enjoy the blessings of a free government that exists to protect the Godgiven natural rights of every person and a free society where every person will be judged, in Dr. King’s words, ‘‘on the content of his character.’’ Our historical parks give us the opportunity literally to walk in the footsteps of these great Americans who have struggled over the centuries to secure this vision. Those who gathered around Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in the 1950s walked the streets of this neighborhood, and its preservation gives us and future generations a tangible link with them. One of them was our distinguished colleague, Congressman LEWIS, and I commend him for his work. It is altogether fitting that a man who did so much to establish this legacy brings to the House today a bill to further preserve it, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2880 is a simple piece of legislation that has broad bipartisan support. The bill will accomplish two primary goals: to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in Atlanta, Georgia, as a National Historical Park, and to adjust the boundary of the park to include the Prince Hall Masonic Temple. These actions will enhance the ability of the National Park Service and the community to tell the very important story of Dr. King. The site, which is the final resting place of the great civil rights leader, continues to connect visitors with the historical and contemporary struggles for civil rights in this country. These stories are as relevant today as they were half a century ago. This legislation will provide the site with the proper acknowledgment that it deserves. I want to thank Congressman LEWIS, who remains an important civil rights leader, for bringing this important bill forward. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS). Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise as the proud sponsor of this legislation. First, let me thank Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , and all the staff of the Natural Resources Committee for their hard work and support of this act. Mr. Speaker, my bipartisan bill will create the first National Historic Park in the State of Georgia. This technical change from a ‘‘Site’’ to a ‘‘Park’’ will make it easier for the National Park Service to share the history of the American civil rights movement with national and international visitors to Atlanta. These historic spaces are located in my congressional district in downtown Atlanta, on and around Auburn Avenue. This is where Dr. King was born and raised, where he was nurtured and taught, where he preached and loved. I was a teenager when I first met Dr. King in 1958, at the age of 18. This conversation forever changed my life, but I was not the only one. Many, many people were touched by this man’s genius and compassion for all humankind. Dr. King’s mission was to create the beloved community, a community of justice, a community at peace with itself. Dr. King had the power to bring people together to do good. His message was love, his weapon was truth, and the method was the way of nonviolence and passive resistance. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., led a nonviolent movement that changed the face of our Nation. He inspired people from all over our country and from all over the world. My simple act will improve the services and educational opportunities for visitors to this wonderful space and this wonderful piece of history. It will preserve this important part of our history for generations yet unborn. Again, I would like to thank the chair and ranking member for their support, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this simple, commonsense legislation. 
Ms. TSONGAS. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there is no greater voice of the civil rights movement here in this Congress and in this Nation than our dear friend, Congressman JOHNLEWIS. I am both excited and honored to be able to support this legislation that changes what was a ‘‘Site’’ in its early beginnings to the important designation of a National Historic Park honoring Martin Luther King, Jr. I first want to thank JOHNLEWIS for his conscientious and hard work on behalf of the King family. As I sat here and listened to Congressman LEWIS relaying his story, I had the slight privilege to have worked for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference on the very street that he has mentioned. After him, I was able to come to the thenoffices of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in this historic area. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROTHFUS ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. TSONGAS. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 2 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. It was a small office where so many historic persons were, in essence, able to walk in the midst of those hallowed streets. Dr. King came. I don’t know whether he parked a car or walked into that office. Of course, we have all of the other surrounding areas and other names of historic persons that had the ability to walk down those streets and into that area. We take great pride in the preservation of our National Park areas. And I must compliment the National Park Service, because it has a love and affection for all those lands that it takes care of. You can see it when you are able to visit these national sites throughout our country that we have had a chance to visit. In my colleague’s district will be an added place for Dr. Martin Luther King’s resources and things his hands touched. What an appropriate time in our history to be able again to thank this man of peace, of nonviolence, and to remind ourselves that America is really a great country to have given birth to him. Along with the plight and conditions in which he lived in at the time and the conditions which he was subjected to, to our knowledge, he never became embittered. He always, although frustrated at moments, recognized love and nonviolence. I hope that with the recognition he will get and the protection of these wonderful assets, people will come there for solace. It will be another place, along with the monument here in Washington, where people will come here for solace and the recognition that nonviolence and peace and the human dignity of all people are virtues of this Nation carried forward by a great and wonderful and heroic leader—someone whom I at least had a small moment to be associated with through his organization after his death. And I thank him. I rise today in support of H.R. 2880, the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act.’’ In 1980, Congress passed legislation (P.L. 96–428), establishing the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site. H.R. 2880 redesignates the ‘‘Martin Luther King Junior, National Historic Site’’ as the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park.’’ This name change is important because it recognizes the greater physical extent that the site represents not only for African American history, but American history. This legislation will improve the preservation and ensure the continuous protection of this historic district. When passed, in 1980, the law set the boundaries of the site along a portion of Auburn Avenue in Atlanta. This area includes the birthplace of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; the Ebenezer Baptist Church, where both he and his father preached; and the immediate surrounding area. That law also designated a preservation district that extended protection beyond the immediate neighborhood surrounding the birthplace and church to include the broader Sweet Auburn commercial district. Since 1980, Congress has twice modified the boundaries of the site and preservation district (P.L. 102–575 and P.L. 108–314). H.R. 2880 will extend the boundaries of the site to include the Prince Hall Masonic Temple, which is where the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) established its initial headquarters in 1957. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was a cofounder and the first president of the SCLC. It is fitting that we remember the life and legacy of a man who brought hope and healing to America. The life of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. reminds us that nothing is impossible when we are guided by the better angels of our nature. Dr. King walked the walk, going to jail 29 times to achieve freedom for others. He knew he would pay the ultimate price for his leadership, but kept on marching and protesting and organizing anyway. It is proper that we remember this man of action, who put his life on the line for freedom and justice every day. So it is fitting that we pass H.R. 2880 and expand, protect, and preserve the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Park so that for generations to come it remains a living memorial to the men and women who led the movement that helped our nation live up to the true meaning of its creed and inspired nonviolent movements for social change the world over. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would urge adoption of the measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2880, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
KOREAN WAR VETERANS MEMORIAL WALL OF REMEMBRANCE ACT OF 2016 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1475) to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1475 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
b1415 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1475, introduced by Congressman SAMJOHNSON , would permit a privately funded addition of a Wall of Remembrance to the Korean War Veterans Memorial. The Wall would list the names of all members of the U.S. Armed Forces who were killed in theater during the Korean war as well as the number of all of the American POWs and MIAs. They call the Korean war America’s forgotten war. During the 3 years of that war, 5.8 million Americans worldwide served in the U.S. armed services, 22 nations fought alongside us to preserve the freedom of South Korea. 54,246 Americans died worldwide during this conflict, 8,200 were missing in action, and an additional 103,284 were wounded. The sacrifice they made and the freedom they secured for the people of South Korea must never be forgotten. This measure assures the names of the fallen shall live on. This bill comes to us from one of only three Korean war veterans who still serve their country today in this House, the legendary Congressman SAM JOHNSON of Texas, from whom we will be hearing shortly. Representatives CHARLES RANGEL  and JOHN CONYERS , Jr., also distinguished themselves in that war, as they have in this House, and are original cosponsors. I urge passage of the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes the construction of a Wall of Remembrance at the Korean War Veterans Memorial on the National Mall. Similar to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, the Wall will list the names of the U.S. military personnel killed in action during the Korean war, along with the number of servicemen and women wounded in action, listed as missing in action, and those who were listed as prisoners of war. Construction of the current Korean War Veterans Memorial was finished in 1992, and it is considered a complete work of civic art. However, the Korean war veterans’ community has identified the addition of a Wall of Remembrance as a priority, and they have advocated for legislation to authorize its construction for years. Their hard work and dedication has led to this bill before us today, which is currently cosponsored by 291 Members of the House. The National Park Service, the agency responsible for the management of the current memorial, has expressed concern with the idea of adding a new feature in an area of the National Mall known as the Reserve, where Congress has prohibited the construction of new memorials. As this bill moves forward, I encourage the sponsors to work with the National Park Service and other relevant stakeholders to make sure that the new feature complements the current memorial. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, we are all deeply honored to serve in this House with the author of this measure, a genuine hero who served courageously in both the Korean and Vietnam wars and who endured many years of suffering as a prisoner of war in Vietnam. He not only saw the courage and heroism of those who fought in Korea, he was one of them. I am honored to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ). Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start off by thanking my fellow Korean war veterans, Congressman CHARLIE RANGEL  and Congressman JOHN CONYERS , for their support. I also want to thank Chairman ROB BISHOP , the Natural Resources Committee, and the House leadership for bringing the bill to the floor. Additionally, I want to thank my fellow Korean war veterans who have tirelessly advocated for this bill. It has been a long time coming. Mr. Speaker, sadly, the Korean war is often referred to as the forgotten war; yet, the magnitude of sacrifice made by Americans during this conflict was enormous. More than 36,000 Americans gave their lives. My fellow Korean war veterans and I believe that the magnitude of this enormous sacrifice is not yet fully conveyed by the memorial in Washington, D.C. That is where this bill, H.R. 1475, the Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act, comes into play. This bill, which already has the support of over 300 of my colleagues, would allow for the creation of a Wall of Remembrance at the site of the Korean War Veterans Memorial on the National Mall. Similar to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall, the Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance would eternally honor the brave Americans who gave their lives in defense of freedom during the Korean war. It would list their names as a visual record of their sacrifice. Furthermore, the Wall would also list the total number of all of America’s wounded, missing in action, and prisoners of war. As a veteran and POW, I can tell you that these memorials are a special place for servicemembers and their families to pay their respect to fallen comrades and loved ones. As a constitutional conservative who values our great Nation’s history, I believe these memorials also serve as a unique and physical reminder that freedom is not free. Future generations need to know and appreciate the sacrifices made by the servicemembers who fought and died to protect freedom. These memorials can physically convey what oftentimes our words fail to do. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, as a fiscal conservative, I am proud to say this project will not cost taxpayers one dime. In fact, the cost has been 100 percent privately fundraised, and this bill prohibits any Federal funding for this project. Mr. Speaker, as we remember the service and sacrifice of those who gave their lives in the Korean war, we can only humbly acknowledge that we are the land of the free because of our brave men and women. These heroes are shining examples of everything great that America stands for. I can’t think of a better way to individually honor each man and woman who gave their life in Korea than through this Wall of Remembrance. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the soldiers who fought to ensure that South Korea could achieve the prosperity and the fulfillment it enjoys today. Without our soldiers, that would not have happened. These soldiers deserve to be recognized for their contributions. That is why I am proud to cosponsor this legislation, which would expand the current Korean War Memorial to include a Wall of Remembrance in our Nation’s Capital. This addition will honor the service and sacrifice of those who fought in the Korean War. I want to thank my good friend and committee mate, Congressman SAM JOHNSON , for introducing this legislation and, also, for his heroic military service to our country in both the Korean and Vietnam wars. Through the Speaker, SAM, we owe you so much, and we could never repay you and the likes of RANGEL and C ONYERS , et cetera, who put their lives on the line to not only defend America, but to defend the Korean people. In addition to a wall, this legislation will allow us to demonstrate our Nation’s appreciation for the service of the Korean Augmentation to the United States Army, the Republic of Korean Armed Forces, and the nations of the United Nations Command, who were killed in action, wounded, listed as missing in action, or were prisoners of war. The Korean War Memorial Wall can ensure that future generations remember and honor the pride and dedication of those who served, the legacy they continued, and the freedom they preserved. You have heard the numbers about how many folks served, how many of our own brave soldiers and sailors and marines fought in the Korean war: almost 6 million; over 100,000 were wounded and over 36,000 gave their 
lives. So this is a fitting recognition for those who bravely served in defense of our Nation. I visited my brotherinlaw the other day, who lives in a veterans’ nursing home. He was a soldier in the Korean war, a victim. Many in that home fought in the same war, those who are still alive. Talking to them, one thing I noticed is they don’t want to talk about their experiences ever. I remember talking to my brotherinlaw, Joe, 30 years ago. He didn’t want to talk about it. His brother, who served there, didn’t want to talk about it. His other brother, Freddie, did not want to talk about it. He served there, also. So this is not only remembrance. More importantly, it is thank you. Thank you so much for what you did. Mr. Speaker, I mentioned their names before, Congressmen RANGEL  and CONYERS . We owe them so much. I read Congressman RANGEL ’s book twice about the experiences that he had in service to our country. We can never forget this. God bless, and I thank them. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL), a distinguished veteran of the Korean war. Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman for making this possible, Colonel Bill Webb, of the Korean Memorial Foundation, and, of course, my buddies and colleagues, Congressmen JOHNSON and C ONYERS . Why this is so important to me is not for those who are living, but for the memories of our colleagues who died overseas and whose family have very little to explain as to why they were there. I really think that this Congress and Congresses before us have lost all of the meaning of having the power and the only power to support the declaration of war. When I went overseas in 1950, I hadn’t the slightest idea as to why I was going. Quite frankly, I didn’t even know where Korea was. But because of my age and having been in combat, I have received more accolades from the grateful people from the country of South Korea than I deserve. But I know that they are thanking the United States and the United Nations for saving them from coming under communism. I could not possibly have any bad feelings. Indeed, it is a great sense of honor that I could have played some small part in preserving democracy in South Korea, albeit as a volunteer to the Army, but certainly not a volunteer to go into combat. But the truth of the matter is that we shouldn’t have young men and women being placed in harm’s way in any situation without men and women and their families knowing that they did this because the security of our great Republic was threatened. b1430 Each time I feel heavily and scream out that we should have a draft instead of an All Volunteer Army, I know that it appears as though I am putting a burden on so many people who don’t necessarily want to belong to the military. But serving our great country is a privilege, and all people should share if indeed there is a threat to our national security. If there isn’t a threat to our national security, there is no reason in the world morally or legally that our troops should be there. So putting up this wall, to me, is symbolic because they can call it the forgotten war. And, believe it or not, after seeing how some of our Vietnam veterans were treated when they came home, you can almost thank God that no one missed you. They didn’t know where you were, or didn’t care about the Korean war, because politics got in the way of how we treated those people who fought, got wounded, and died in Vietnam. Of course, since then, we have had dozens of times where we have heard Members of Congress say that we have to have more boots on the ground, that we can’t win a war by air, that we have to be there, we have to intervene, and we have to show how strong America is. And they know in their hearts that no one from their families, their communities, or even anyone they know will be included in that number of Americans that they are asking to go. So I think when you put the names of people who have actually lost their lives, which means destroyed the lives of so many other people who loved them, when you think of those who got wounded, they should at least be able to say what they did for their families, community, and their country. They shouldn’t just be used as pawns on the board to fulfill the political commitments of a party or a cause that doesn’t involve the security of the United States. Maybe, just maybe, when people come to sightsee, and they see the names of people that they don’t know, it could remind them that these are not just human beings; these are Americans who had the same dreams as they did, except they made a sacrifice. So let me laud and thank the Members of Congress that have caused the casualties of the forgotten war not to be forgotten. Let us try to do something about those that follow those of us that were in combat in Korea and explain how wrong we were in Vietnam and we should have said, never, never, never again. Let us look at the ways we have just sent troops who, like me, saw the flag go up and heard the President say that we have to go, and we never asked, and we couldn’t legitimately ask why, but we did. Let us preserve the American lives for those causes that at least if they don’t come back home or they don’t come back normal, that we can say that it was protecting the flag, it was protecting our country, and it was protecting our national security. Right now, with all the fears we have that are going on in the Middle East, I am not certain whether or not that will impact our great country, but I am prepared to listen to those who know better than I. And if, indeed, there is a threat to our country, then everyone should be prepared to be called, even by lottery, because it is not just for the wealthy and the educated to be excluded. It shouldn’t be just those who need a job that get the opportunity to defend our country. But every time you say ‘‘troops on the ground,’’ ‘‘boots on the ground,’’ ‘‘lives on the ground,’’ I truly think that just putting their names on a memorial wall should mean something for generations that follow. I hope and pray that we don’t have names that go on boards. But if there is a reminder of how many people died over the years to keep this country great, let us be in the position as a Congress to say that we know specifically why they died and we gave them all the support that they needed to make the sacrifice. Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we remember those who died in the war and those who served in the war because their achievement remains alive today. It is personified in a free and prosperous Republic of Korea that has been a beacon of hope to the oppressed people throughout the Asian Continent and a steady counterbalance to the malignant presence of the North Korean dictatorship. From the dais in this Chamber, Douglas MacArthur paid tribute to these brave souls with these words. He said: ‘‘I have just left your fighting sons in Korea. They have met all tests there, and I can report to you without reservation that they are splendid in every way . . . Those gallant men will remain often in my thoughts and in my prayers always.’’ And so should they with us. This bill assures that this will not be a forgotten war, and our honored dead will not be forgotten by name. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1475, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
INDIAN TRUST ASSET REFORM ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 812) to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 812 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Pursuant to the constitutionally vested authority of Congress over Indian affairs, Congress reaffirms that the responsibility of the United States to Indian tribes includes a duty to promote tribal selfdetermination regarding governmental authority and economic development. TITLE II—INDIAN TRUST ASSET MANAGEMENT DEMONSTRATION PROJECT 
The purpose of this title is to ensure a more efficient and streamlined administration of duties of the Secretary of the Interior with respect to providing services and programs to Indians and Indian tribes, including the management of Indian trust resources. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 812, which is sponsored by our respected colleague from Idaho, Congressman SIMPSON . This measure reforms tribal sovereignty made to America’s Indian nations. Specifically, this bill provides new authority to tribal governments to manage and develop their trust assets according to their own best judgment and the wishes of their own constituencies rather than an historically inept and often clueless bureaucracy in Washington. These nations are either sovereign or they are not, and the essence of sovereignty is selfdetermination. Under this act, participating tribes will have the option of entering into disagreements with the Department of the Interior to take over management of the resources within their own jurisdictions. This bill also builds upon other congressional initiatives like the HEARTH Act of 2012, which deferred to a tribe’s own judgment about what is in the best interests for their own lands. This bill has strong bipartisan support both here in the House as well as the U.S. Senate. Additionally, the bill is supported by the National Congress of American Indians, Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, the Intertribal Timber Council, and the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, which include 57 tribal governments in Oregon, Idaho, Washington, southeast Alaska, northern California, and Montana. I urge passage of the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 812 will take an important step in fulfilling our fiduciary responsibility to Indian tribes by modernizing the Indian trust asset management system. The Indian Trust Asset Reform Act will streamline the bureaucratic process that has often been a hindrance to successful trust management, while also rightfully giving tribes the options to manage their own assets. Through the trust asset demonstration project created in the bill, tribes can, at their own election, develop asset management plans with the Secretary of the Interior in order to better manage and develop their lands and natural resources. As has been shown time and time again, tribal governments are the ones best suited to make decisions for their own people and their own communities. Additionally, while the Office of the Special Trustee, or OST, has implemented positive reforms since its creation in 1994, the time has come to transition to a more modern, efficient, and accountable system for the management of Indian trust resources. To that end, H.R. 812 would consolidate the functions of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the OST into one office within the Department of the Interior, headed by a new undersecretary of Indian Affairs. Mr. Speaker, we fully support H.R. 812, and I urge its swift adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ), the author of this measure and an indefatigable fighter for the Indian nations of our country. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the full committee chairman, Mr. BISHOP ; the ranking member, Mr. GRIJALVA ; the subcommittee chairman, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , and the ranking member, Ms. TSONGAS , for considering this bill. The relationship between Native Americans and the United States Government is complicated, not well understood, and filled with inconsistencies. Today Indian Country faces a number of serious challenges, ranging from addressing abject poverty to trying to promote economic development in the face of inefficient bureaucracy. The Federal Government has a trust responsibility to meet its commitments to Indian Country. Yet in many cases, Federal agencies hinder, rather than help, tribes provide for their members. This is illustrated by the settlement of the Cobell litigation and the scores of tribal trust lawsuits over the past few years, which have cost taxpayers more than $5.5 billion. A number of tribes, including many in the Northwest, have been working to address some of the challenges that they face in managing tribal trust assets. Many tribes are capable of effectively and efficiently managing their own assets—and often are better equipped to do so than the agencies currently responsible for that management. Yet, in order to have a say in how these assets are managed, they must swim upstream against a muddled Federal bureaucracy. This is why I introduced H.R. 812, the Indian Trust Asset Reform Act. This legislation had its origins with the tribes themselves, which is where Congress should always start when it takes up issues affecting Indian Country. H.R. 812 was developed and has been endorsed by the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, the National Congress of American Indians, the United South & Eastern Tribes, the Intertribal Timber Council, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. H.R. 812 will do several things to modernize the Federal Government’s role in managing Indian trust property. First, it would establish a voluntary demonstration project to give Indian tribes more control over the management of their trust assets. This will provide Indian tribes with new flexibility to direct management of these assets under tribal standards rather than Federal standards that are often outdated and inefficient. As part of the negotiated demonstration project, Indian tribes would be able to conduct forest management activities on their own tribal lands through a process similar to the HEARTH Act of 2012, which the administration has strongly supported and has proven successful in promoting tribal selfdetermination and selfgovernance. H.R. 812 would also authorize the Indian tribes and Indian beneficiaries, on a voluntary basis, to obtain appraisals of their trust property without having to wait for the Department of the Interior to approve them. This new authority would provide relief to all in Indian Country who currently endure lengthy delays in selling or leasing their trust land while they wait for the Department to review and approve appraisals. Finally, the bill would direct the Secretary of the Interior to consult with Indian Country and provide certain information to Congress about the Office of the Special Trustee. OST was originally intended as a temporary entity to oversee certain financial reforms of Indian trust funds at the Department of the Interior. More than 20 years later, OST has significant involvement in the daytoday transactions. Tribes have long complained about the miscommunications, delays, and inefficiencies that result from trying to navigate the processes of both OST and the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The information the bill requires the Secretary to provide will assist Congress in determining the future of OST. It is worth noting that this bill has undergone a number of changes since introduction. The bill has been revised to incorporate input not only from the committees of jurisdiction in both Chambers, but also from the Department of the Interior, the Department of Justice, tribal organizations, and individual Indian tribes. The Congressional Budget Office has found that H.R. 812 would not affect the Federal Government’s overall costs. I would also point out that H.R. 812 is a voluntary program intended to provide tribes with new flexibility to promote economic development. Where tribes are not willing or able to take on these responsibilities, they will not have to. H.R. 812 is just one aspect in a larger conversation on improving the management of tribal trust assets. If enacted into law, this bill would be an important step in providing tribes with the autonomy they need to manage their assets and spur economic growth in their communities. I want to thank Chairman MCCLINTOCK and his committee, and Chairmen BISHOP and Y OUNG and their staffs for their work on this bill. They have held two hearings and graciously taken input from tribes and the administration, which is why we are here today with this legislation. b1445 Finally, I want to thank the tribes that have offered their expertise in the crafting of this bill. Just like the intentions of the underlying bill, Indian 
Country deserves to be in the driver’s seat when making decisions about their own future. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 812, the Indian Trust Asset Reform Act, and I commend it to you for your positive consideration. When you stop and think about it, this word ‘‘trust’’ actually has two pretty distinct meanings. It can be the belief that someone or something is honest, trustworthy, the belief that you can take them at their word. On the other hand, ‘‘trust’’ can also be a financial or a property arrangement. A trust is legally held or managed by someone else. It could be for your kids or your grandkids or any beneficiary. But the irony is a trust in the property management sense is that that often arises out of a lack of trust, as in honesty, when it comes to the person or source receiving the money. It is not a check handed over. It is a financial arrangement with conditions or requirements. When it comes to Indian Country, they have plenty of historical reasons to lack trust when it comes to the Federal Government; but, the Federal Government does not have reasons to not trust Indian Country’s ability to manage their own resources, and natural resources are what have always been the most important asset in Indian Country. The Indian Trust Asset Reform Act is based on the simple notion that Indian Country prospers when tribes have the opportunity to make their own decisions and chart their own paths. This is what selfdetermination looks like. This is what sovereignty looks like. Many tribes, particularly those in my home State of Washington, are among the largest employers and natural resource managers in the entire region. Tribes in the Pacific Northwest have an abundance of trust resources on their land, from timber to rangeland, to fishery resources. These tribes count on the ability to make decisions quickly to adjust to changing circumstances and to maintain vibrant communities for their members and the region as a whole. H.R. 812 advances this idea by giving tribes new authority to propose and enter into management plans with the Department of Interior, plans that put the tribes in the driver’s seat. H.R. 812 also returns more control to tribal members, who are often frustrated by, as has been noted earlier, yearslong delays that they must go through in obtaining Federal approval to sell or lease or otherwise manage their trust lands. H.R. 812 would give individuals and tribes a new option to complete these transactions without having to wait for the Department of Interior to go through all that lengthy review and approval process. Accordingly, it will save time, it will save money, but, most importantly, it will allow the tribes to make their own decisions about how to use their historic lands. When we find commonsense fixes like this, we restore some of the trust, in the first meaning of the word, and build upon the trust that is already there. Twentyseven years ago, if I may make a personal note, I had the privilege to join the office of Governor Booth Gardner in a role that would quickly become chief of staff. Fairly shortly, we signed off on a document known as the Centennial Accord. My good friend and colleague from Washington State will recall it well. Basically, it was the first memorialization in the history of the United States that recognized the governmenttogovernment relationship between the tribes and the State of Washington. I have said regularly since, in an intermittent public service career extending back 40some years, I have no higher point of pride than the small role I played in that, lo, those many years ago. Accordingly, I would like to thank Congressman SIMPSON very much for his leadership on this bill and for allowing me the privilege to be the Democratic lead cosponsor. I would like to add my expression of gratitude to Chairman MCCLINTOCK and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) as well as our ranking member, all those involved. I would like to thank the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians and its Trust Reform Committee. Let it not go unsaid that there was a decade of work leading up to today, a decade of work. ‘‘Sovereignty’’ means sovereignty. ‘‘Governmenttogovernment’’ means just exactly that. The fact of the matter is we have a moral and a legal and sometimes a treaty obligation to fulfill that governmenttogovernment relationship. It is the right thing to do. It is in that spirit that I submit H.R. 812 for your favorable consideration. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), my colleague on the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for yielding. Mr. Speaker, last summer more than 400,000 acres of tribal land in the Northwest burned with the Colville and the Yakama Tribes, which are in my district, enduring the worst fire season in a generation. The Colville Indian Reservation alone saw 250,000 acres burned, consumed, by that blaze, much of which consisted of commercial timber. The Indian Trust Asset Reform Act, H.R. 812, will authorize Indian tribes on a voluntary basis to carry out forest management activities on their own tribal lands without requiring review and approval by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. It will allow the Colville, the Yakama, and other tribes across the West to move salvage log sales more quickly than is possible under the current BIA process. Providing tribes who maintain their timber resources with the authority to make these management decisions will expedite ontheground activity and open new doors to attract investment. In fact, I would argue that we should also give more control to States and localities in addition to these tribes. The new authority derived in H.R. 812 will provide additional benefits to tribes with timber resources. The Colville Tribe has been attempting to reopen a sawmill in Omak, Washington, also in my district, since 2009. One of the primary impediments to reopening has been the BIA’s unwillingness to approve longer term agreements between the tribe and third party investors. This new authority in this bill will allow tribes to enter into these type of agreements on their own, resulting in the creation of additional jobs as well as economic activity. Last September, while catastrophic wildfires continued to burn across central Washington, Secretary Jewell visited the Colville Reservation and saw the devastation firsthand. Mr. Speaker, before the next fire season begins, significant resources will be needed to replant these forests as well as rehabilitate these landscapes. The administration has not done enough to provide these tribes with the resources they need. We must correct that. We must make this change in order to ensure that these forests can continue to be a viable and productive resource for the tribes and communities in my district, my State, and the rest of the country. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 812, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
KENNESAW MOUNTAIN NATIONAL BATTLEFIELD PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3371) to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3371 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3371, introduced by our colleague BARRY LOUDERMILK , expands the boundary of the Kennesaw National Battlefield Park. It also authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 8 acres of land only by donation or exchange from willing sellers. The expanded area includes the historic Wallis House and Harriston Hill. Wallis House is one of the few remaining structures associated with the Kennesaw Mountain Civil War battle, while Harriston Hill was strategically significant as the Union signal station. The Battle of Kennesaw Mountain in June of 1864 was critical to the Union campaign to split the Confederacy, and although it was a tactical victory for the Confederate, it opened the way for the Union’s strategic victory of taking Atlanta. The sacrifices of more than 3,000 Union troops on Kennesaw Mountain made possible Sherman’s famous telegram to Lincoln 3 months later that ‘‘Atlanta is ours, and fairly won.’’ These battlefields remind succeeding generations of Americans of the price paid by so many for the preservation of our Constitution and the liberty it protects and the enormous responsibility that each of us has to maintain and defend that same Constitution today. I urge passage of the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill adjusts the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park in Georgia to include two historically significant structures, the Wallace House and Kolb’s Farm, and to assist in the preservation of the story of the Atlanta Campaign. Between June 19 and July 2, 1864, a series of battles occurred here between Union and Confederate forces. The loss of Kennesaw Mountain removed one of the last major geographic obstacles protecting Atlanta, which eventually fell to the Union Army in September of 1864. The bill will allow for the donation of approximately 8 acres to Kennesaw National Battlefield Park, a unit of the National Park Service. I want to thank my colleague from Georgia, Representative BARRY  LOUDERMILK , for continuing to support the preservation of the history of this great country. The Civil War was a significant event in the history of this country and remains relevant as we grapple with civil rights discussions today. The preservation of these sites reinforces Congress’ dedication to equality and enables the National Park Service to interpret and tell our national story. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), the author of this measure. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 3371, a bill that will add valuable historical property to the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park. This park, which is located in Georgia’s 11th Congressional District, is a site of significant battles that took place during America’s bloodiest conflict, the Civil War. Our Nation has long recognized the importance of preserving historical sites, especially those battlefields where Americans fought and died for freedom. Sites such as Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park allow us to look back in time and get a glimpse of events that help shaped our Nation. It is extremely important that we understand our history; otherwise, we will be destined to repeat the mistakes of the past. A recent study of American history education revealed that, while 98 percent of college students could identify that Snoop Doggy Dogg was a rapper, only 23 percent of college seniors could identify that James Madison was the father of the Constitution. b1500 Mr. Speaker, it is now more important than ever that the generations following us have access to these historic sites and to the educational opportunities they provide, or we risk losing touch with our history. It is extremely important to restore the comprehensive study of American history in our schools. However, it is equally important to preserve the places at which significant events in our history took place. This bill that I have sponsored will simply allow Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to acquire two pieces of property that will add to the historic and educational value of this battlefield. One of the properties this bill will preserve is a home that was built in 1853 by Mr. Josiah Wallis. Mr. Wallis built this home for his family, but it was eventually used as a hospital by the Confederate Army during the Civil War. In 1864, the Wallis House fell into the hands of General William Sherman of the Union Army during his campaign to take Atlanta. The house served as 
Sherman’s headquarters during the Battle of Kolb’s Farm, which was a resounding victory for the Union Army; but the victory was not without cost. When the smoke cleared, over 350 Union soldiers and over 1,000 Confederate soldiers lay dead. Five days later, Union General Oliver Howard used the Wallis House as his headquarters and communications center during the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain, one of the bloodiest 1day battles of the entire war. This was also the last major battle before Atlanta fell to Union forces. While the assault by General Sherman was a tactical failure in its costing the lives of 3,000 of his men, the battle also inflicted heavy losses on the Confederates. After losing another 1,000 men, the Confederate Army could not stop General Sherman on his march to Atlanta. Adjacent to the Wallis House are 8 acres of land, known as Harriston Hill. This property offers a sweeping view of the valley leading to the Confederate line on top of Kennesaw Mountain, and it was used by the Union as a signaling position during the battle. This location is essential for park visitors to understand the strategic positions taken by the Union and Confederate Armies during the battle. In addition to being critical sites in Civil War history, the Wallis House and Harriston Hill are two of the few original locations remaining from the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain that are associated with the Union Army. Most of the park’s current attractions correspond with Confederate history, so these additions will prove to be major historical acquisitions that will enhance the value of the park and provide insight into the Union’s side of the story. In 2002, the Cobb County Government purchased the Wallis House and Harriston Hill in order to prevent the house from being demolished. Since then, the county has been seeking to transfer the property to the park. My bill simply modifies the boundary of Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the house and the hill, and it authorizes the park to acquire the property by donation. Along with the Cobb County Government, this bill is supported by the National Park Service, by Kennesaw Mountain Park, and by several park volunteer organizations and historical societies in my district. This legislation is an essential step toward preserving our Nation’s heritage, and it is a valuable part of Civil War history. The Wallis House and Harriston Hill will provide tremendous educational and historical value to Kennesaw Mountain Park; and it is my hope that the park will quickly acquire this property and will restore it to its original condition for visitors to enjoy for generations to come. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3371. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DELAWARE WATER GAP NATIONAL RECREATION AREA IMPROVEMENT ACT AMENDMENT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3620) to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3620 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 4 of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act (Public Law 109–156) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 702 of the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–333) is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3620, introduced by Congressman TOMMARINO , amends the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to allow a road in the recreation area to continue to be used by commercial vehicles that serve the local communities adjoining this federally designated land. It is entirely in keeping with one of our principal objectives for Federal land use policy: to restore the Federal Government as a good neighbor to the communities impacted by the Federal lands. Before the Federal Government took control of 70,000 acres of land adjacent to the Delaware River in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, highway 209 served as a major trucking route for commerce. Legislation that created the recreation area and implemented it sought to prohibit commercial vehicles from using this public highway, promising to establish alternate routes. Yet, despite three extensions of the deadline, local residents and businesses in the communities of Delaware Township, Dingman Township, Lehman Township, Metamoras Borough, Middle Smithfield Township, Milford Borough, Milford Township, Smithfield Township, and Westfall Township in Pennsylvania are directly threatened by the impending limitation. H.R. 3620 would protect the people of these communities from this unnecessary disruption and inconvenience by 
allowing commercial vehicles serving these communities to continue to use this longestablished highway. Specifically, it directs the Department of the Interior to establish a fee and permit program for commercial vehicles serving these communities. This bill enjoys broad support in the affected communities, and Congressman MARINO should be commended for his efforts to resolve this vexing issue for his constituents. I urge the passage of the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill amends the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to extend the authorization of a waiver for certain commercial traffic on U.S. Route 209, a federally owned highway that runs through the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. When Congress decided to restrict commercial traffic on the portion of the highway that runs through the recreation area, the law included an exemption for certain vehicles that belong to nearby businesses and municipal governments. This bill provides a 5year extension of that exemption in order to facilitate continued access for local residents. It is supported by the National Park Service, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the author of this measure, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ). Mr. MARINO. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill to reauthorize commercial traffic along Route 209 through the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. For nearly 5 months now, uncertainty has reigned over this 21mile stretch of road that is running through my district. Over 30 years ago, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania—as the chairman so eloquently stated— transferred Route 209, then a State road, to the National Park Service. As commercial thru traffic is banned on roads within our national parks, it would also be so on this stretch of Route 209; but, at that time, a 10year exemption was made to support the local freight transportation industry and because acceptable alternative routes were unavailable. After multiple extensions, the most recent commercial vehicle authorization expired at the end of September of 2015. To address the problem, county and township officials from the surrounding areas met with the National Park Service and my staff to negotiate a new plan. They recognized the continued need to allow some commercial vehicle access, and they settled on the carefully crafted language we are considering today. The work to produce this extension acknowledges the continued need of employers, businesses, and homeowners I represent in Pike and Monroe Counties. The expiration in September cast a cloud on the local business community and put countless jobs in jeopardy. Passing this bill so that it can be swiftly considered by the Senate is imperative as the weather warms and business activity increases through the region. I thank Chairman BISHOP for his support and assistance in bringing this bill to the floor as quickly as possible. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3620. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HONORING PENN STATE’S MIKE HERR, ‘‘MIKE THE MAILMAN’’ (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mike Herr on his retirement from the United States Postal Service. For generations of students at Penn State University, Mike is lovingly known as ‘‘Mike the Mailman.’’ Mike’s first day with the Postal Service was April 1, 1968—48 years to the day of his expected retirement this year. In his nearly five decades of working at the university’s main campus in State College, he has formed bonds with countless students and has become a fixture at the school’s annual dance marathon, also known as THON—the largest studentrun philanthropy in the world. In fact, Mike has become known for delivering Mack Trucks that are full of letters and packages for dancers who are participating in the event. When asked about becoming a Penn State campus institution, Mike said: ‘‘My secret is fairly simple: kindness matters; humor always helps; staying enthusiastic about the big and little things and showing compassion to every single person that I meet.’’ Mr. Speaker, these are words that we can all live by, and I wish ‘‘Mike the Mailman’’ the best of luck in his retirement. 
THE GENOCIDE OF CHRISTIANS AND OTHER RELIGIOUS MINORITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I had the extraordinary privilege of being in the room when Pope Francis was given a small cross, a crucifix. This crucifix belonged to a young Syrian man who had been captured by the jihadis and then given a choice—convert or die—and he chose. He chose his ancient faith tradition. He chose Christ. And he was beheaded. His mother was able to recover his body and the crucifix that he wore and bury him, and then she subsequently made her way to Austria by which this cross came into the possession of the Holy Father. This type of incident—the killings, the beheadings, the crucifixions, the immolations—occurs day, after day, after day to the beleaguered religious minorities of the Middle East—the Christians, the Yazidis, and others— who have ancient faith traditions, who have every right to be in their ancient homelands as does anyone else. b1515 This is a genocide. This is a deliberate attempt to exterminate an entire set of peoples based upon their faith. Mr. Speaker, in the year 2004, then Secretary of State Colin Powell came to the United States Congress and in a committee hearing—the Senate Foreign Relations Committee—he declared what was happening in Darfur in Sudan a genocide. In making that simple declaration, using that powerful word, he helped put an end to that grim reality. Thankfully, what is happening now that should give the beleaguered communities of the Middle East some hope is that there is an international coalition developing that has recognized the fact that this is a genocide being committed. Nearly 200 Members of the United States Congress, this body, have signed on and are cosponsoring a resolution that declares this a genocide. The International Association of Genocide Scholars has stated it as such. Others, including the Yazidi community, the United States Catholic bishops, Pope Francis himself, Hillary Clinton and MARCO RUBIO, both Presidential candidates, have declared this to be a genocide. Genocide is a powerful word. It evokes special meaning. It creates the conditions for when there hopefully is inevitably and perhaps miraculously 
some proper settlement in the Middle East—security arrangements, political, economic, and cultural settlement— that the religious minorities of that area who once made up the rich tapestry of that region will have their rightful place restored and reintegrated back into those communities. This would give hope again to persecuted peoples. It provides a gateway for the discussion of further policy recommendations, for instance, that could place people who are being forced to flee under the threat of genocide in proximity to where their ancient homeland is so that, once stability is restored, they can return and reclaim what is rightfully theirs. A little while back when the Yazidi community, primarily women and children, were trapped on Mount Sinjar, President Obama, to his credit, acted quickly. The House of Representatives had passed a resolution calling for additional humanitarian assistance, and the President, with great deliberateness, decided to save their lives. I want to personally state that I am grateful for that. I represent the largest Yazidi refugee community in America. This is an ancient faith tradition that usually enjoyed a quiet and peaceable life in areas of Iraq and who began to come under increasing pressure during the Iraq war and now are, of course, subjected to ISIL’s attempt to exterminate them. They were saved by quick action. So in an exchange with Secretary Kerry today, I commended the administration for that quick action to save the Yazidis and I asked the administration to actively consider and call this what it is, a genocide. When we do so, again we create the conditions not only for which the international consciousness on this problem will be raised and other international organizations, including the European Union Parliament who have spoken to it. Other parliaments around the world have also declared this a genocide. However, in our complicated times, we rush from urgency to urgency. It is difficult to keep the mind focused because the horrors that continue to come at us are so extreme we almost get numb to it all. Yet, we have to act. In doing so, we can save lives. We can reposition and potentially preserve the remnant of the rich tapestry of minority voices that are critical to stability in the Middle East and are critical to saving civilization itself and stopping this grievous assault on human dignity. That is why I urged the Secretary to make the declaration of genocide. It was a thoughtful exchange, but we will continue to do so. I am so grateful to so many of my colleagues who, again, have signed onto this resolution that calls it such, a genocide against the Christian Yazidis and others. I am also grateful to have some colleagues here, including my good friend, Congressman DANLIPINSKI of Illinois, who has tirelessly spoken to the issue of human rights and stood for life, stood for stability, stood for justice on the whole spectrum of issues that are facing humanity now. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) so that he may give us his consideration on this essential topic. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I only have a few minutes this afternoon. No matter how busy things get, there has to be time to come here to stand up for basic human rights. I thank Congressman FORTENBERRY  and, also, Congresswoman ESHOO for organizing today’s Special Order and for all the work that they have done to speak out on this issue of protecting all of those minority groups who are under threat, so many murdered, driven from their homes. It is very important that we focus the eyes of Congress and the Nation on this humanitarian tragedy that is happening in Syria and Iraq. I think it is very important. It is really past time, as far as I am concerned, but it is never too late. We need to stand up and pass H. Con. Res. 75 for this Congress to declare that there is a genocide that is going on. The genocide is against not just Yazidis, but also Christians, Turkmen, and other groups in Syria and Iraq and in the region. Since 2013, when ISIL began their murderous march through Syria and northern Iraq, the world has witnessed the targeted killing of all of these groups that I have mentioned. As I said, we should have done this a while ago. The United States should have stood up and declared this a genocide. Now, it seems there are reports, at least, that the United States may be declaring that there is a genocide of the Yazidis. While certainly no one is going to downplay that, as my colleague mentioned, we all remember what happened with the Yazidis trapped on Mount Sinjar and the quick intervention that helped to save so many lives and the continued genocide going on against the Yazidis. We don’t want to downplay that in any way, but I think it is important that we recognize it is not just the Yazidis who are suffering from genocide. In fact, the State Department’s report on International Religious Freedom for 2014 acknowledged that ISIL was systematically targeting religious minorities it considered heretical and that their abuses disproportionately affected religious minorities, with between 100,000 and 200,000 Christians and an estimated 300,000 Yazidis displaced in Iraq. Now, these numbers have only gotten greater since that time. In Syria, that same report states that ISIL has executed Christians, kidnapped priests, and forced tens of thousands to flee across the desert or face ISIL’s genocidal campaign. Leaders across the world, including the European Union Parliament and Pope Francis, have recognized that genocide is being committed by ISIL against many ethnoreligious groups, and the United States must join them in condemning these crimes as a genocide. Here in Congress, we remain in a critical position to promote religious freedom and ensure that it remains a priority in our foreign policy. That is why I was an original cosponsor of Congressman FORTENBERRY and Congresswoman ESHOO ’s H. Con. Res. 75, which expresses that Congress views the attacks on Christians and other ethnic and religious minorities as war crimes, crimes against humanity, and, yes, genocide. We must not wait or be apprehensive about speaking the truth. The administration and Congress must prioritize religious freedom and protect all minorities in the Middle East from the ongoing genocide. It should begin here in Congress by passing H. Con. Res. 75. I certainly want to ask all of my colleagues to join us in cosponsoring this resolution. Again, we continue to see the horrible crimes being committed in Syria and Iraq. We are not here today to say that there are easy solutions, that any of this is easy to solve. We have to not look away, but we need to look at what is going on in Syria and Iraq and call it for what it is, a genocide. It is a genocide against a number of groups, including Christians there in Syria and Iraq. By Congress standing up, it means something. The world takes notice when it happens. We must do more. It is our duty to do more to protect these people, starting out with this declaration of genocide. I want to again thank Congressman FORTENBERRY for all the work he is doing on this issue and many other human rights issues, standing up for life itself, which is something critically important that we all must do here. I thank Congressman FORTENBERRY  for organizing this Special Order and for all of his work on this issue. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LIPINSKI as well for his tireless commitment to justice, to human dignity, to human flourishing. Really, ultimately, that is what this resolution is intended to do, to call it what it is, a genocide, in order that there might be the proper settlement, when we finally come to the day when there is a proper security arrangement in the Middle East, when there is a reintegration of the religious minorities who, again, made up the rich diversity of the Middle East in a prior time who are critical to the ongoing stability of Iraq and Syria and other places. I am grateful as well that the gentleman pointed out the extraordinary work of our colleague, Congresswoman 
ANNA ESHOO , a Democrat from California. I am a Republican. We have other Republicans here who will speak in a time when Congress seems so divided on every issue—again, we have 200 of our colleagues—in a transpartisan initiative to say that this is unjust, this must be stopped. By our actions of calling it a genocide, we not only elevate international consciousness, but again we create the conditions for the proper redress once we come to some proper settlement in the Middle East. I am so grateful for the gentleman’s time and efforts on this behalf and for his leadership in Congress. I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI .) Let me turn to my good friend as well, Congressman JODYB. H ICE, a new Member of Congress from Georgia, who has shown initiative, entrepreneurial endeavor, integrating quickly as an impact player, if you will, in the proceedings here in Congress. I am grateful for his willingness to speak on this topic, but, more than that, grateful for our growing friendship. I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ) for bringing attention to this incredibly important issue and the absolute carnage that is occurring in the Middle East against Christians, Yazidis, and people of other religious faiths and minorities. You know, the right to practice a chosen religion is a right that I—and I believe all of us—believe should be universal. Yet, the religious persecution, especially by such violent means that is occurring now, is absolutely deplorable. ISIS has shown its true nature in the treatment of these religious minorities. We have all witnessed in recent months the violent expansion of ISIS in the Middle East as they have single mindedly persecuted those who adhere to different faiths. In fact, those who refuse to convert have been driven from their homes, brutally tortured, crucified, raped, murdered, enslaved, and not by just few in number. We are talking thousands that fall under this horrific scenario. b1530 The systematic violence of ISIS toward communities of Yazidis, Christians, Kurds, Turkmen, whatever it may be, as you have well mentioned, goes far beyond war crimes. We are talking absolute genocide. In looking at all this, it was interesting to me that, when the world came together after the atrocities of the Second World War in an effort to define genocide, they actually defined it as an actor committing certain acts against a designated group with an intent to destroy the group in whole or in part. ISIS has. They absolutely have the intent to destroy, in whole, Christians, Yazidis, and all religious groups throughout the Middle East. In fact, their entire propaganda even brags about the abhorrent crimes that they are committing, and they show absolutely no signs of willingness to stop these atrocities. It is clear to me that we have an obligation—not only a moral one, but a legal obligation—to prevent these atrocities from occurring. In fact, 3 weeks from now this administration must fulfill its own legal obligation to make a determination on whether it will name ISIS’ crimes as acts of genocide or not. The time has come. In fact, the time is long past for our Nation and our world to officially recognize these crimes by ISIS for what they truly are and to commit fully to defeating ISIS. We simply cannot ignore this any longer, and we must bring H. Con. Res. 75 to the House floor as soon as possible. Again, I thank you for yielding this time and thank you for your leadership in this regard. Mr. FORTENBERRY. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his thoughtful commentary and leadership as well on this essential issue. In fact, it is not an issue at all. This is an assault on all humanity. This is a threat to civilization itself. If a group of people can succeed in exterminating another group because they have the power to do so, because they do not believe in another’s religion, they violate that sacred space that is essential to all persons and, therefore, the conditions of liberty that are necessary for human flourishing. This goes beyond the grotesque tragedy in the Middle East. It is a call to the entire responsible community of nations to act, to say that we will not allow eighthcentury barbarism that happens to have 21stcentury weaponry to rule in a land, destroy, kill, maim, and exterminate entire groups of people because of their religious tradition. It is wrong. It is unjust. If not addressed, all of civilization is at threat. That is the core of the problem here. I thank you so much for your willingness to spend a little bit of time and your leadership on these critical points. Thank you so much. Mr. Speaker, again, it is H. Con. Res. 75, House Concurrent Resolution 75. It has been introduced here in the House, and there is a similar resolution in the Senate. It will be forthcoming in the coming weeks. The House Committee on Foreign Affairs will be considering this resolution soon. I am hopeful that, again, with my colleague, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ), and others, who have shown just extraordinary leadership and deep concern and compassion for those who are in need, we can continue to build the numbers and make the case to all of our colleagues and our government that it is time to call this genocide and, by declaring such, again setting the conditions that will be necessary to reintegrate people, those who have survived, back into their ancient lands for which they have a rightful claim. I heard a story recently from a commander who had been in Mosul during the height of the Iraq war. Part of their obligation and responsibility was to protect the various religious minorities who were there. He talked about seeing the very beautiful Christian church that was there. All the Christians are gone from Mosul. The remaining ones had the Arabic letter N, Nun, spraypainted on their door in blood red. That is a symbol for the word Nazarene, which some use as a derogatory term to Christians. They were told: Convert, leave, or die. Many had to flee with whatever they had on their back. Of course, we know the horrific stories of those who gave their life in fidelity to their faith. This is a systematic attempt to wipe certain peoples off the map. It is not fair. It is unjust. It must be countered with a worldwide response. The designation of genocide is that critical first step, again, toward the possibility of restoring some tranquility of order whenever there is the right type of security and economic and cultural settlement that must come to the Middle East if it has any chance, again, to flourish. We can lead in this regard. We must lead. Other countries around the world have already taken up this banner. As I said earlier, the European Parliament has declared it so. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the ability to converse today with my colleagues on this threat, this threat to civilization itself, and our need to act. I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. BUCK (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of illness. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2234. An act to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in recognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services; in addition to the Committee on House Administration for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills 
of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 487. An act to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands. H.R. 890. An act to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Florida. H.R. 3262. An act to provide for the conveyance of land of the Illiana Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois. H.R. 4056. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida. H.R. 4437. An act to extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 23, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 644. To reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 25, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3004. A bill to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission (Rept. 114–430). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2880. A bill to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–431). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 812. A bill to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–432). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1475. A bill to reauthorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance; with an amendment (Rept. 114–433). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3371. A bill to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–434). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3620. A bill to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–435). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 4596. A bill to ensure that small business providers of broadband Internet access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regulatory requirements; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 4597. A bill to provide resources and incentives for the enforcement of immigration laws in the interior of the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 4598. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve the H1B visa program, to repeal the diversity visa lottery program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state. [Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution] By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 4608. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 4609. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4610. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of section 8 and clause 7 of section 9 of article I, of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4611. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 192: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 303: Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 448: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 472: Mr. SIRES, Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 546: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 662: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 664: Mr. COHEN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. GALLEGO , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 726: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 759: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 781: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 816: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 842: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 885: Mrs. DAVIS of California and Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 953: Mr. CUMMINGS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. BARR, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. ESTY. H.R. 969: Mr. BECERRA and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 986: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 1117: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 1174: Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. L AMBORN , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. ADAMS , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 1188: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1192: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 1197: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 1301: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 1309: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 1336: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 1453: Mr. STIVERS , and Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS . H.R. 1459: Mr. PASCRELL and Ms. F UDGE . H.R. 1588: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 1942: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1945: Ms. LEEand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 1948: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2058: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio and Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 2059: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. G IBSON . H.R. 2083: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2093: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 2167: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2260: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2698: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona and Mr. HARDY . H.R. 2713: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2737: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. VELA, Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2759: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 2844: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. H IGGINS. H.R. 2858: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2903: Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 2908: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 2939: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. QUIGLEY , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2948: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 3012: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mr. P ALMER. H.R. 3048: Mr. REED, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 3088: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3099: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 3135: Mr. DENT. H.R. 3190: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 3323: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 3481: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 3502: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3515: Mr. STEWART , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. JONES , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3520: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 3521: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3556: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 3713: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 3722: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 3723: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3779: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 3808: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 3846: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 3852: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3952: Mr. ELLISON and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 3956: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 3970: Mr. BEYER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. H IMES, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4006: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 4007: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4087: Mr. HILL. H.R. 4133: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4200: Mr. KLINE. H.R. 4262: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4277: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. P ETERS on. H.R. 4352: Ms. KUSTER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia, and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 4442: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4447: Mr. HIMES, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. HIGGINS , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4461: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 4462: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4469: Mr. KLINE. H.R. 4490: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 4514: Mr. ROSKAM and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 4521: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4522: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 4523: Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.R. 4540: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. CRAMER , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 4542: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4549: Mr. CHAFFETZ . H.R. 4553: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4561: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 4562: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 4563: Ms. PLASKETT . H.J. Res. 55: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H. Res. 207: Mr. JOYCE and Mr. S WALWELL  of California. H. Res. 541: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H. Res. 551: Mr. FLORES , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. M ICA. H. Res. 600: Ms. KUSTER . H. Res. 610: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H. Res. 615: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. PALAZZO , and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 623: Mr. KENNEDY and Mr. SWALWELL of California. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S967 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2016 No. 29 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 