Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, day by day we are learning more about the future Trump administration, and as the picture becomes clearer, usually the news is troubling. One of the most unsettling indications about the Trump administration 
and the Republican Party is the abandonment of a half century of bipartisan foreign policy regarding Israel and our commitment to a twostate solution. Israel has no greater friend in the world than the United States, but one of the ways to demonstrate friendship is to be clear when your friends are making mistakes. Settlement activity by Israel on the West Bank and the renewed destruction of Palestinian homes and confiscation of property are mistakes. The overwhelming majority of Israelis still favor a twostate solution, they just despair of it being possible. The steps the Netanyahu government is taking on that path make it more remote. Donald Trump and the Republican Party he dominated at the Republican Convention abandoned the twostate solution. For the first time in a half century, the bipartisan commitment to a twostate solution has been stripped from the Republican Party platform. This matters. Donald Trump has empowered two of the most extreme voices, who have emboldened and defended settlement activity and undercut the necessary twostate solution, to manage his policy advice on Israel. This should be disturbing for everyone concerned about Middle East peace. The world is a complicated and dangerous place. There are hints that Donald Trump is starting to learn about this complexity in fits and starts. Witness his statements after visiting with President Obama and his walking back some of his most extreme and definitive campaign promises. It is important that the reality in the Middle East catches up sooner rather than later. A prime example is the Iranian nuclear agreement, one of the few things that China, Russia, Great Britain, France, Germany, and the United States all agreed upon. It is not perfect, and there are certainly Iranian leaders who are dangerous people, but this agreement was the best alternative and the only thing that all these parties could agree upon. Now, it is easy to talk on the campaign trail about blowing it up; it is harder to do in reality when it is actually working as it was supposed to and, in fact, is supported even by an overwhelming majority of American Jewish voters. We all have responsibility for a thoughtful foreign policy, and Democrats must stand firm to reject some of the reckless proposals from the Trump administration; but our Republican friends in Congress should not allow a half century of bipartisan foreign policy to become a casualty of some of the most extreme voices of American and Israeli politics. The time to speak out is now. Everyone must find their voice. Failure to support a twostate solution and reject the misguided settlement efforts which would make that solution impossible is a prescription for more pain, unrest, and violence between Israelis and Palestinians. Middle East peace should not be a casualty of the American election. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF FORMER CONGRESSMAN TOM LANTOS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, Congressman Tom Lantos was a giant of a man, an inspiration to all of us who knew him, and greatly admired by his peers. Tom was a patriot, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom who championed justice, human rights, and human dignity across the globe. Tom Lantos was a Holocaust survivor, the only Holocaust survivor ever elected to serve in this esteemed institution. Coming to America as a penniless immigrant, Tom’s life story is one of perseverance and fortitude, yet, a kinder, more loving man you would not ever find. Tom was the embodiment of the American Dream, building a wonderful life for himself, for his wife, Annette, and their two daughters. He made it his life’s work to see to it that the horrors that he had seen, the horrors that he had lived through, would never be brought upon others ever again. His background as a survivor and a Member of Congress gave him a unique opportunity to forge an ever stronger relationship between the United States and our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel and to guarantee that the Jewish people will always have a homeland. Now Tom’s legacy and his memory are being honored on December 19 in Netanya, Israel, where a statue will be dedicated in his honor. I extend my most sincere and heartfelt words of admiration to Tom’s family. I congratulate them all on this auspicious occasion. Tom Lantos was an honorable gentleman, Mr. Speaker, and few are more deserving of such a great honor. 
HONORING BROTHER KEVIN HANDIBODE , PRESI DENT OF CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS HIGH  
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brother Kevin, president of Christopher Columbus High School, for his 45 years of service to this wonderful institution and for his 60th anniversary as a Marist Brother this upcoming year. Since arriving at Christopher Columbus High School in 1966, Brother Kevin has been an allaround champion for CCHS and its students while serving in many capacities, including teacher, dean of discipline, athletic director, varsity coach for over 18 years, developmental director, and principal. His legendary reputation has carried him through many recognitions and accolades, including the respect and admiration of his peers, his coworkers, and our loving community. In 2008, for his distinguished service to the church and devotion to the Catholic education system, Brother Kevin was bestowed the Cross, the highest medal that can be awarded by the Pope. So, again, Brother Kevin, congratulations on this magnificent milestone. As the heart and soul of Columbus High School, you have been a leader, you have been a role model, but, more importantly, you have given countless students the ability to pursue their dreams and reach their full potential. Go Explorers. Go Brother Kevin. CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF  
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great joy to recognize Highpoint Academy, a wellrespected bilingual private school located in my community, on its 40th anniversary. Since its founding in 1976, Highpoint Academy has provided generations of students with an excellent education in a positive and nurturing academic environment. This prestigious institution is a model of academic excellence, imagination, innovation, and creative thinking. I am proud that, over the last 40 years, the gifted educators at Highpoint Academy have helped develop successful students who have gone on to become leaders in our south Florida community and, indeed, throughout our Nation. To Principal Alicia Casanova and the whole Highpoint Academy family, congratulations on this very special anniversary, and thank you for decades of outstanding educational contributions to our south Florida community. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today is a milestone in the history of the fight against AIDS because we are celebrating the 28th World AIDS Day. For sure, we must continue to build upon a bipartisan commitment to ending AIDS by the year 2030, both here in the U.S. and around the world. I will remain deeply involved as the Republican cochair of the Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus because south Florida, my community, is ground zero for the next phase of the battle against HIV/AIDS. Sadly, Florida is number one in the Nation for new HIV cases, and south Florida accounts for more than half of all new HIV cases in our State. Florida’s growing struggle with HIV/AIDS mirrors a larger dynamic taking place across the South for which the region, as a whole, is not wellprepared. South Florida’s issues, in particular, are exacerbated by the demographics of HIV, our magnetism as a tourist destination, and the international character of both our community and the AIDS epidemic. Next year is a big year for the fight against HIV/AIDS. The AIDS community and the Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus will remain committed to putting an end to AIDS by the year 2030. 
b1015 PRESIDENT OBAMA’S LEGACY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, 8 years ago, our Nation was in the midst of the Great Recession. It was the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, unprecedented in both severity and duration. It was an economic tailspin that blindsided many, devastated millions, and robbed good people of their savings, their security, and their way of life. It was a disastrous combination of irresponsible lending, overly complex derivatives, and inadequate regulatory oversight that led to a near collapse of our financial system. Over the course of this economic catastrophe, more than 5 million Americans lost the roof over their head, and another 9 million lost the paycheck they relied on to support themselves and their families. People were terrified for their futures, and for the first time in generations, it looked as if moms and dads might have it better off than their sons and daughters. This chaos and despair extended far beyond economics. At the end of 2008, almost 16 percent of the population was uninsured. This meant that over 50 million Americans were crossing their fingers, holding their breath, and hoping to avoid any unpredictable, unanticipated, and uncontrollable health concerns that would turn their lives upside down. Simply being a woman or having asthma was enough for insurance companies to deny you quality care, and basic preventive and primary care services were hard to come by. Thousands of brave men and women in uniform had been killed, and scores more were wounded in a long and polarizing war in Iraq. LGBT Americans had to keep their true identities hidden. Gay men and women who served their Nation in uniform and risked their lives in defense of our freedom had to stay quiet about whom they loved, and those who were open about their sexual orientation were not allowed to join their partner in marriage if they lived in one of the 48 States that prohibited samesex marriage. This was the state of our Nation. This is the America that President Obama inherited on January 20, 2009. Things look a little different today, and I know that I speak for millions of Americans who are grateful for the past 8 years fueled by real change that made our economy stronger and our society much more just. When President Obama took his oath of office, the economy was bleeding 800,000 jobs a month. Today, we have seen record private sector job growth marked by over 15 million new jobs over the past 80 months. At the height of the recession in 2009, unemployment hit an alarming 10 percent; but, today, the unemployment rate is below 5 percent. Today, thanks to the DoddFrank Act, systemic risk in our financial system has been significantly reduced, and our largest banking institutions are more transparent and accountable than they have been in decades. Today, marriage equality is now the law of the land in all 50 States. Today, nearly 18 million previously uninsured Americans have gained coverage under the Affordable Care Act, resulting in the lowest uninsured rate in history. Today, men and women are charged the same price for health care. Americans can access preventive care services at no cost. Preexisting conditions don’t bar individuals from treatment, and young people can stay on their parents’ plan until they are 26. Today, because of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which was the first piece of legislation signed by President Obama, women can more effectively challenge unequal pay practices. Today, previously fraught relationships with many allied countries have been restored. Today, the combat mission in Iraq is over and tens of thousands of troops are back home with their families after years of war. Today, justice has been served, and Osama bin Laden is dead. Today, our Nation has championed some of the most profound climate change initiatives in the world, like the Clean Power Plan and the Paris Accords, which will help protect our precious natural resources and defend our environment for generations to come. It is up to us to decide if we want to move forward or back. Nearly a decade of progress is on the chopping block. There is no doubt that everyone is still reeling from the long and divisive campaign season that culminated in an election that left millions of Americans scared once again. The economic recovery and social victories we have seen during the Obama presidency have been substantial, but much more work remains to ensure that Americans have an equal opportunity to succeed; because even though today looks better than it did 8 years ago, what will tomorrow look like? As for now, and as for me, I am proud to have served in the people’s House under this President. 
PAYING FOR INFRASTRUCTURE WITHOUT SOAKING THE TAXPAYER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, Presidentelect Trump has many difficult tasks ahead—one of which is to promote long overdue infrastructure construction at a time when the national debt exceeds our entire economy and interest costs alone are eating us alive. Now, some have said that a rebounding economy resulting from tax reform can pay for it. Well, that may be, but it is not guaranteed, it cannot be accurately forecasted, and we will need any new revenues to beef up our defenses and reduce our deficit—two other critical objectives of the new administration. Others have proposed tax credits to leverage private capital for infrastructure improvements. But tax credits reduce revenue and widen the deficit. Worse, such publicprivate partnerships have proven a fertile breeding ground for corruption, crony capitalism, waste, and fraud; and as we learned during the Obama stimulus fiasco, massive government spending might stimulate government, but it does little to stimulate the economy when it is squandered for boondoggles like subsidizing Solyndra and paying cash for clunkers. So how do we avoid mistakes of the past, control the deficit, protect taxpayers, and yet add $1 trillion of new infrastructure in a way that helps the economy and not just lines the pockets of politically wellconnected interests? First, get government out of the way. Stop obstructing major infrastructure projects like the Keystone Pipeline. Keystone and many other projects like it across the country already have private capital ready to finance them. Keystone by itself would unleash an estimated $8 billion of privately financed infrastructure construction, and when complete, would mean a half million barrels a day of Canadian crude oil entering U.S. markets. In my district alone, one abusive official at the Sacramento office of the Army Corps of Engineers single handedly blocked tens of millions of dollars of critical infrastructure construction desperately sought by local governments in the region. Multiply that across the country, and you can see how many infrastructure projects already are financed but cannot move forward because of Federal obstructionism. Second, streamline radical regulations that have made many infrastructure projects costprohibitive. In my district, the little town of Foresthill gets its water from the Sugar Pine Reservoir, formed by a dam that has an 18 foot spillway, but no spillway gate. The town is trying to increase the reservoir’s capacity by adding the missing gate. The gate will cost $2 million, but environmental studies, environmental litigation, and U.S. Forest Service fees have inflated that cost to $11 million. So this project has stalled. Multibillion dollar expansion of Shasta Dam is stalled for similar reasons. Once again, multiply this across the rest of the country. Third, use revenue bonds to finance capitalintensive projects like dams and bridges. California built its iconic Golden Gate and Bay Bridges with loans from private investors—repaid by tolls that were charged only to the users of the bridges. The taxpayers were never on the hook for a dime, and the loans were paid back ahead of schedule. 
The famous California State Water Project constructed 21 dams and more than 700 miles of canals. The revenue bonds and selfliquidating general obligation bonds that financed it were paid back not by general taxpayers, but by the users of the water and power. Fourth, restore the integrity of our highway trust fund. We built the modern interstate system with the Federal excise tax paid by highway users at the gas pump. The more you drove, the more you paid for the roads you were using. But over the decades, more and more of these funds were bled away to subsidize mass transit and other purposes unrelated to highway construction. Restoring highway taxes for highways would go a long way toward addressing the maintenance and construction backlog. Fifth, repeal the outdated Davis Bacon Act that requires Federal projects to pay grossly inflated wages. Think tanks like The Heritage Foundation and the Competitive Enterprise Institute estimate that DavisBacon alone inflates total construction costs by roughly 10 percent. That means that just repealing this single act would add one new project for every 10 existing ones at no additional cost. These are just a few of the ways that massive infrastructure projects can be financed at zero cost to general taxpayers; and because these reforms are actually directed at projects for which there is a demonstrated economic need, political favoritism and corruption inherent in governmentdirected programs can be greatly reduced. Mr. Speaker, freedom works; and it is time that we put it and America back to work. 
RECOGNIZING LESLIE M CGOWAN, HEROINE OF THE MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Leslie McGowan as November’s Heroine of the Month. The Hero or the Heroine of the Month is an individual in the community in the San Joaquin Valley in California who goes the extra mile to make a positive difference for the people whom I serve. Leslie is the CEO of Livingston Community Health, a medical and dental provider with community health center locations throughout Merced County. Leslie has been a part of the team at the Livingston health center for over 10 years, and she has been instrumental in the development of the success of the health center, which enables residents in Merced County to receive health services that would not be otherwise available. One hundred percent of Merced County is a Health Professional Shortage Area—not enough health care. In other words, the county has a major shortage of primary care physicians. The Livingston health center has an important role in working to fill that gap so that no one goes untreated. Most recently, Leslie led the efforts for the opening of the Wolves Wellness Center at Livingston High School. It is the only schoolbased health center in Merced County. It provides medical care, counseling, and dental services to students, their families, and local residents at no or very low cost. Additionally, Leslie has implemented programs like the Back to School Fair, Homeless Health Day, and an annual scholarship fundraiser to help ensure that people know that they have access to quality and affordable health services. This was all made available as a result of the Affordable Care Act. Livingston Community Health and its doctors, nurses, and staff work to ensure that individuals who live in rural communities—many rural communities throughout this country, many that I represent—and throughout Merced County have access to quality, affordable health services. As a strong supporter of community health centers, it is a pleasure to recognize and give a big thankyou to Leslie McGowan and her staff of doctors and nurses at Livingston Community Health. WATER AND CALIFORNIA ’S DROUGHT  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about water and California’s ongoing drought. This week, the California Department of Water Resources announced that the 2017 initial allocation for the State Water Project is 20 percent—not good. I join with droughtstricken communities like those in the San Joaquin Valley and California farmers, farm workers, and farm communities who are all praying that the initial water allocation of 20 percent improves when the Department of Water Resources issues a final allocation not just for the State water projects, but for the Federal water projects as well. However, with the current operations of California’s water system, it would take storms of Biblical proportions for these agencies that are served by the State and Federal Water Project to be able to increase those allocations to 100 percent. That is why Congress must act now to pass a California water bill that will improve operations to fix our broken water system. We need legislation to provide funding to improve our water infrastructure and to move more water when larger storms make it available, as in last weekend. California may soon face a sixth consecutive dry year. Therefore, as a result of the drought and the inadequate and broken water system, hundreds of thousands of acrefeet of water have been lost, and 600,000 acres of productive farmland has, unfortunately, been left unplanted. Some families in my district do not have reliable water to drink, to cook, or to bathe in. The drought, together with the current water policies, are devastating to the San Joaquin Valley. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to work together in these last few days as we try to assist the people in Flint, Michigan, and to bring together a package of legislation that will end the impasse that we have had and provide water if, in fact, the good Lord sees to bringing rain and snow to the mountains this winter in California. f 
b1030 5A STATE CHAMPIONS: ELK RIVER ELKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Elk River High School football team on their Class 5A State Championship victory. Entering the State title game undefeated, the Elks scored an impressive 42 points and rushed for a total of 446 yards over Spring Lake Park at U.S. Bank Stadium last Saturday. The Elks had an incredible season, averaging 45 points and 449 rushing yards per game. Every Elk deserves mention, but two in particular played a special role in their success—Nick Rice and Sam Gibas. Rice finished the season with 2,154 rushing yards and a total of 25 touchdowns, and Gibas finished with 1,330 rushing yards and 23 touchdowns. The Elk River football team worked hard this season under the guidance of Coach Steve Hamilton, and their efforts paid off. Congratulations for being the 2016 Minnesota State high school football champions. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of St. Francis Police Chief Jake Rehling, who lost his battle with a rare form of cancer last month. What a life he lived. Jake Rehling spent his life working tirelessly to better the St. Francis community and the lives of those around him. A native Minnesotan, Jake grew up in Onamia and attended Bethel University, where he studied criminal justice. Upon graduation, Jake joined the St. Francis Police Department where he served for 17 years. His passion for his work and the compassion he displayed to others ultimately led to his promotion to St. Francis police chief earlier this year. Jake was committed to his family and his community. His life is the definition of public service. He will be missed. I would like to express my sincere condolences to Jake’s wife, Brooke, and son, Aiden. Please know the impact Jake had on this world will always be remembered. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the life and work of Dr. Warren Warwick. 
As a professor of pediatrics at the University of Minnesota, Dr. Warwick was a pioneer in the advancement of care for cystic fibrosis patients. Early in his career, Dr. Warwick founded the University of Minnesota Cystic Fibrosis Clinic, where he served as director for nearly 40 years. Dr. Warwick was known for his compassion, kindness, ingenuity, and tireless commitment to the improvement of patient care. Because of his work, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation patient registry was created. Before the creation of the cystic fibrosis registry, cystic fibrosis patients typically lived into their early childhood. Today, many live well beyond their 50s, thanks largely to the advancements and treatment only possible through the patient registry and Dr. Warwick’s unwavering commitment to research and excellence in patient care. In addition to serving his patients, Dr. Warwick honorably served his country for over 30 years in the United States Army Reserve Medical Corps, retiring as a colonel. His legacy—one of a passionate pursuit of excellence and dedicating his life to helping others—will live on. 
DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, growing up in Hawaii, I learned the value of caring for our home, caring for our planet, and the basic principle that we are all connected in this great chain of cause and effect. The Dakota Access Pipeline is a threat to this great balance of life. Despite strong opposition from the Standing Rock Sioux and serious concerns raised by the EPA, the Department of the Interior, the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, and other Federal agencies, the Army Corps of Engineers approved permits to construct the Dakota Access Pipeline without adequately consulting the tribes and without fully evaluating the potential impacts to the neighboring tribal lands, sacred sites, and their water supply. Just one spill near the tribe’s reservation could release thousands of barrels of crude oil, contaminating the tribe’s drinking water. The impact of the Dakota Access Pipeline is clear. Energy Transfer Partners, the company that is constructing the Dakota pipeline, has a history of serious pipeline explosions, which have caused injury, death, and significant property damage in the past decade. The future operator of the planned pipeline, Sunoco Logistics Partners, has had over 200 environmentally damaging oil spills in the last 6 years alone, more than any of its competitors. Protecting our water is not a partisan political issue; it is an issue that is important to all people and all living beings everywhere. Water is life. We cannot survive without it. Once we allow an aquifer to be polluted, there is very little that can be done about it. This is why it is essential that we prevent our water resources from being polluted in the first place. Our Founding Fathers took great inspiration from Native American forms of governance and the democratic principles that they were founded on. Their unique form of governance was built on an agreement called the Great Law of Peace, which states that before beginning their deliberations, the council shall be obliged ‘‘to express their gratitude to their cousins and greet them, and they shall make an address and offer thanks to the Earth where men dwell, to the streams of water, the pools, the springs and the lakes, to the maize and the fruits, to the medicinal herbs and trees, to the forest trees for their usefulness . . . and to the Great Creator who dwells in the heavens above, who gives all the things useful to men, and who is the source and the ruler of health and life.’’ This recognition of our debt to the Creator and our responsibility to be responsible members of this great web of life was there from the beginning of western democracy. Freedom is not a buzzword. The freedom of our Founding Fathers was not the freedom to bulldoze wherever you like. Our freedom is a freedom of mind, a freedom of heart, a freedom to worship as we see fit, freedom from tyranny, and freedom from terror. That is the freedom this country was founded on— the freedom cultivated by America’s native people and the freedom that the Standing Rock Sioux are now exercising. This weekend, I am joining thousands of veterans from all across the country at Standing Rock to stand in solidarity with our Native American brothers and sisters. Together, we call on President Obama to immediately halt the construction of this pipeline, respect the sacred lands of the Standing Rock Sioux, and respect their right to clean water. The truth is whether it is the threat to essential water sources in this region, the lead contaminated water in Flint, Michigan, or the threat posed to a major Hawaii aquifer by the Red Hill fuel leak, each example underscores the vital importance of protecting our water resources. We cannot undo history, but we must learn lessons from the past and carry them forward, to encourage cooperation among free people, to protect the sacred, and to care for the Earth, for our children and our children’s children. What is at stake is our shared heritage of freedom and democracy and our shared future on this great Turtle Island, our United States of America. 
RECOGNIZING CAPTAIN WILLIAM B.J. FORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of a great public servant on his retirement—Captain William B.J. Fore. B.J., as I call him, a great friend from Caldwell County, North Carolina, has served in the Caldwell County Sheriff’s Office for a number of years. Today, Mr. Speaker, I could rise and go through a litany of different positions on how he has served that great county, but it would miss the point, it would miss the point of who B.J. Fore really is. He is a gentleman that not only do I call a friend, but he is someone who has served Caldwell County over and over again, consistently answering the call with the word ‘‘yes.’’ B.J. Fore has not only served the Caldwell County area in public service as a law enforcement officer, but he has consistently been someone who is always there to serve those that are in need. I remember specifically just a few years back where he and I were working together on trying to serve some of those that were in most need during an event at Halloween time. Some would come in, and there he was making sure that not only children and families were recognized for what they had or didn’t have, but some of them, perhaps even that day, showed up to get the meal that only they could have provided at that particular event. It is a heart of a big man, a big man of courage, that I recognize today on his retirement. I wish him the very heartfelt congratulations on a life that has served Caldwell County so well, and I wish him the very best in his future endeavors. 
COMMERCE LEXINGTON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Commerce Lexington, the chamber of commerce for my hometown of Lexington, Kentucky, which has been named the 2016 Chamber of the Year by the Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives. Commerce Lexington won the large chamber category over the great cities of Brooklyn, New York; Jacksonville, Florida; and Tacoma, Washington. This award is recognition of Commerce Lexington’s work to promote economic development, job creation, and overall business growth in Lexington and neighboring communities through its many programs and services. As a memberdriven organization, the award is also a reflection of Commerce Lexington’s 1,700 members, as well as their volunteers and staff, ably led by CEO and President Bob Quick. In addition to the Chamber of the Year award, Commerce Lexington also received a Grand Award in Communications for their ‘‘Here’s Our Proof’’ marketing campaign during the 2015 Breeders’ Cup World Thoroughbred Championships, which showcased central 
Kentucky and the Bluegrass region as a great place to do business, as well as an ideal location for conventions and tourism. It helped, of course, that American Pharoah did what no other thoroughbred had done in history—win not only the Triple Crown, but also the Grand Slam of thoroughbred racing going wire to wire in the Breeders’ Cup Classic at Keeneland Racecourse— Keeneland, of course, a key member of Commerce Lexington. Mr. Speaker, I hope that all of my colleagues will join me in congratulating Commerce Lexington on achieving this national honor, and for their hard work to encourage jobs and economic growth in central Kentucky and to share how special our city and our region are with the world—of course, Lexington, the world’s horse capital of the world. 
RECOGNIZING MASTER FIREFIGHTER MICHAEL CURRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Master Firefighter Michael Curry, who passed away in the line of duty on Saturday, November 19, in Savannah, Georgia. Mr. Curry’s work as a firefighter allowed him to do what he loved most— help people. On his last alarm as a firefighter, he rescued seven people from the Savannah River after a ferry boarding platform collapsed. His 13 years of dedication to the Savannah community and the fire department shows in his numerous volunteer activities. He worked as an emergency medical responder, disaster search and rescue technician, swift water rescue technician, advanced rescue diver, and was involved in groups, including the Alee Temple, the Georgia Critical Incident Stress Foundation, and was the cub master for pack number 4102. Mr. Michael Curry is a true hero, who died in service to our community running toward an emergency while others sought out safety. I am heartbroken by this loss. Our community is heartbroken by this loss. I encourage everyone to keep the Curry family and first responders everywhere in your thoughts and prayers. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Don Logana, a longtime reporter in the Savannah community, who passed away on Sunday, November 20. Mr. Logana joined the local Savannah news station, WTOC, in 2004, and quickly became an integral part of the Savannah news scene and a familiar face in our homes. b1045 His career began in Syracuse, New York, as an intern, but his talent for finding a story and bringing a unique point of view allowed him to quickly rise up the ranks. When he moved to Savannah, he became the weekday morning anchor for WTOC’s ‘‘The News at Daybreak’’ and an investigative reporter who exposed consumer issues. A testament to his talent, Mr. Logana received multiple awards and was honored throughout his career, with the most recent being for the Best Local TV News Anchor 2016 by Connect Savannah. In addition to his news accomplishments, Mr. Logana had a heart of gold and was constantly involved in the community. In 2011, he competed in ‘‘Dancing with Savannah Stars,’’ raising the most money for abused and neglected children. Mr. Logana’s colleagues describe him as a trusted friend to all and someone whose bright, loving personality will be deeply missed. Mr. Logana’s loss is felt by the whole Savannah community. I encourage everyone to keep the Logana family and WTOC Savannah in their thoughts and prayers. 3RD INFANTRY DIVISION ’S 99 YEARS OF SERVICE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the U.S. Army’s 3rd Infantry Division and its 99 years of service to the United States Armed Forces. The 3rd ID has been located in coastal Georgia for the past 20 years; yet its amazing history dates back to 1917. During World War I, the 3rd Infantry Division earned the name ‘‘Rock of the Marne’’ by pushing the Germans back across the Marne River and stopping their march to occupy the important allied city of Paris. The 3rd ID continued to fight the Germans at the Marne even as other units retreated. In 1943, during World War II, the 3rd ID was one of the few divisions to fight the Axis Powers on all European fronts. They fought in north Africa, Italy, France, Germany, and Austria. The 3rd ID even liberated half of French Morocco from the Nazi influence. Since the World Wars, the 3rd ID has continued to support America’s safety and freedom by fighting bravely in the Vietnam war, the Korean war, Operation Desert Storm, and the global war on terrorism. Thank you to the 3rd ID for your courage, your sacrifice, and your commitment to our national security. 
THE DEATH OF FIDEL CASTRO BRINGS AN OPPORTUNITY OF HOPE FOR CUBA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last Friday began a new era for the people of Cuba. For too long, the murderous dictatorship of Fidel Castro has reduced one of Latin America’s wealthiest countries to mass poverty in order to benefit the Communist elite and the military. A recent editorial in The Charleston Post and Courier stated: ‘‘Fidel, though he thrived on opposing the U.S., he was long subservient to another superpower, the Soviet Union, until its welcome demise in 1991. He also was an enthusiastic proponent of the Soviets’ reckless decision to put weapons of mass destruction aimed at the U.S. in his country.’’ Presidentelect Trump has correctly reviewed: ‘‘It is my hope that today marks a move away from the horrors endured for too long, and toward a future in which the wonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve.’’ I have been inspired by the late Louis and Nena Gonda, who fled Cuba with their three daughters as all of their property was stolen. They told me about their daughters. They were told to pack for a 2week visit to visit a sick aunt in New York. They went to a department store there in Cuba, and they bought suitcases. When they arrived home, the secret police were already at the house. They asked them: What are you buying suitcases for? It was explained that they were buying suitcases to go visit a sick aunt in New York and that they would be returning in 2 weeks. They just didn’t have the heart to tell their children—their three young girls—that they would never return to their home, that they would never see their personal property. Their cars, the ones that now appear to be unique, are all stolen cars when you see the classic cars in Cuba. Everything that the family owned was stolen by the Communist government. They fled to West Columbia, South Carolina, where they worked hard to achieve the American Dream of extraordinary economic success as neighbors in my home County of Lexington, South Carolina. In conclusion, God bless our troops; and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving and gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Help us this day to draw closer to You so that, with Your Spirit and 
aware of Your presence among us, we may all face the tasks of this day. Bless the Members of the people’s House. Help them to think clearly, speak confidently, and act courageously in the belief that all noble service is based upon patience, truth, and love. You know well the pressing issues facing our Nation. Grant our leaders, especially, the wisdom and magnanimity to do what is best; and may we all join in a common will for the benefit of all constituencies, even though this will take some sacrifice. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BILIRAKIS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to recognize the service of Kim Holmes as she retires from over 32 years of combined constituent services to the citizens of Ohio. Kim Holmes joined my Dayton office in July of 2007 as a caseworker. She began working for me after the retirement of her former boss, Congressman Mike Oxley. Since 2007, Kim has helped thousands of people on my constituent services team. Those numbers increase exponentially when you factor in 23 years of service in Congressman Oxley’s office. Kim’s direct, persistent, and dedicated work has helped make a difference in the lives of Ohioans in several of the counties in Ohio: Montgomery, Greene, Fayette, Allen, Auglaize, Champaign, Hancock, Hardin, Logan, Marion, Morrow, Richland, Shelby, and part of Wyandot. Kim expeditiously resolved problems across multiple issues from veterans, Social Security, Medicare, and immigration by developing a strong and longlasting relationship with fellow agencies. I made the point to stop by her office every day I saw her and thanked her for being there. In the words of her constituents, it is probably best reported as to her impact. They have said: ‘‘I don’t know what I would have done without you.’’ ‘‘I will never forget your kindness.’’ ‘‘We deeply appreciate your attention to our claim.’’ ‘‘We cannot express our gratitude to you enough.’’ ‘‘I appreciate your help more than words can express.’’ ‘‘There are still good people in this world who still care and want to help. You are one of those.’’ On behalf of your coworkers and the countless constituents you have assisted, your knowledge, compassion, and efficiency will be sorely missed. Thank you for representing my office in the highest standards. I hope that you enjoy your retirement with your grown children, Jason and Tori, as well as your grandson, Luke. I wish you all the best. f 
OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY ATTACK (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the Ohio State University Buckeye community for its strength and resilience in response to the tragic incident when an Ohio State University student rammed his car into a crowd of students on the campus and then stabbed several of them in an attack that ended when a police officer shot and killed him. I applaud the university president, Michael Drake, university leadership, and its incredible student alert system, along with multiagency police officials for working together to enhance the safety and security of the university. These first responders acted quickly and selflessly, including an Ohio State University police officer who, within seconds, responded to the violence, containing injuries and diffusing the situation. I thank the medical team and staff at the Wexner Medical Center and surrounding hospitals for treating 11 patients to ensure full recovery. As the former senior vice president of outreach and engagement at the university, I was never prouder of how we came together quickly in the face of terror. I thank all at the university for continuing to exemplify the Buckeye spirit and remaining united, even in the face of adversity. Go Bucks. 
CONGRATULATING COACH BROOKE GOOD AND THE MESSIAH COLLEGE FIELD HOCKEY TEAM (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Coach Brooke Good and the Messiah College field hockey team of Pennsylvania’s Fourth District on their NCAA Division III national championship. Messiah College played through freezing temperatures, wind, and snow against Tufts University in the NCAA Division III national championship on November 20, and they came away with a 1–0 decision in penalty strokes that will go down as one of the best games in Division III field hockey history. The Falcons are a great team with a great leader who inspired them to be their best—not only as athletes, but as women of character, determination, pride, and loyalty to each other and to their school. We are all incredibly proud of you. f 
THE PUBLIC GOOD (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to acknowledge that this is World AIDS Day, and much of the success has come because of public funding. That is why I rise today, to talk about the public good and the responsibility of the President and his Cabinet members to do the public good. I remember when President Clinton was in and generated a major surplus in our budget, 22 million jobs, pursuant to the 1997 budget. We also recognized that the next administration generated enormous tax cuts, low job creation, and a seismic debt that was created because of those tax cuts to the 1 percent. Now, today, we have the toxicity of two billionaires who head the Treasury Department: the ‘‘King of Foreclosures,’’ forced foreclosures, and the other who will head the nojobcreating Commerce Department by this individual. Rather than supporting full employment or creating jobs, everything will be for the big pockets of the big corporations, not the pockets of the working families, like my constituents. So I raise the question to Mr. Trump: Where are the appointees that are going to work for the public good? Where are the individuals that are going to have the sufficient wisdom to provide the funding that will support continued work on stifling out and snuffing out HIV/AIDS? Where are those that are going to listen to the people? This toxic brand has to stop. 
HONORING NAVAL SUPPORT ACTIVITY CRANE (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of a premier U.S. military base 
in my district, Naval Support Activity Crane. Seventyfive years ago today, December 1, 1941, Crane Naval Installation officially opened. One week later, Pearl Harbor was bombed, and the need for an ordnance facility safe from attack on the coasts became obvious. Today, at 100 square miles, Naval Support Activity Crane is the U.S. Navy’s third largest installation in the world. The base is home to two vital tenant commands: Naval Surface Warfare Center, a center of excellence in strategic systems, electronic warfare, and expeditionary systems; and Crane Army Ammunition Activity, through which 25 percent of the Department of Defense conventional munitions passes every year. Crane is also a regional economic powerhouse, supporting 5,000 civilian employees and contributing $2 million a day to Indiana’s economy. This critical military asset is a national treasure for research and development and an outstanding Hoosier neighbor. I proudly salute the men and women who call it home. 
BUFFALO’S CENTRAL TERMINAL (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, Buffalo will select a new site for a train station in the next several months and will build a new passenger train terminal in the next 2 years. This offers an opportunity to remake Buffalo’s storied Central Terminal. Selection of the Central Terminal will be a catalyst for the redevelopment of the city’s BroadwayFillmore neighborhood, improve destination choice, and will represent the next exciting iteration of what is possible in the new Buffalo. This is not simply about building a new train station. Selection of the Central Terminal is a bold statement of confidence and commitment by a city of limitless potential and possibility. 
SARAH HUGHES’ MIRACLE CURE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I want the American people to know why I proudly voted for the 21st Century Cures Act last night—six words: Sarah Hughes and systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis. Sarah found out she had this autoimmune disorder when she was 11 months old. For over 20 years, she fought intense pain, fevers of 107 degrees, and getting fed through a tube for over a decade. Her mom, Fiona, was told by her doctors that she would watch her daughter die before she turned 20 years old. Sarah proved those doctors wrong by getting stem cell therapy from Celltex Therapeutics from my own town of Sugar Land, Texas. Within 2 hours of her first infusion, Sarah felt a change. Here she is today. Her mom, Fiona, summed up Sarah’s amazing miracle. She said: ‘‘She’s her, and I’m me. We’re enjoying life together, the way it should be.’’ f 
REMEMBERING THE SERVICE AND SACRIFICE OF OFFICER COLLIN ROSE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay respects and remember Officer Collin Rose, who was killed in the line of duty last week in Detroit while on patrol near Wayne State University. To the Rose family, including Collin’s fiancee, Nikki, I am terribly sorry for your loss. At just 29 years old, Collin was taken from your family and this world far too soon. Our community, our State, and our country are all standing with you during this difficult time. His fellow officers described Collin as always being kindhearted and hardworking. One officer said that Collin always had an engaging smile and generous spirit. Another officer said that he was the hardest working person he had ever met. His grandfather, Clifford Rose, told a local news outlet that at the age of 8, Collin knew he wanted to be a police officer. As an officer at Wayne State, Collin was most passionate, though, about canines and training Clyde, his rottweiler, and Wolverine, a German shorthaired pointer. ‘‘His passion was training those dogs,’’ said one of his fellow officers. This is a terrible loss, and I ask all of my fellow Members of the House of Representatives present to join me in observing and honoring the memory of Collin Rose, his service, and his sacrifice. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF TUSKEGEE AIRMAN WILLIE ROGERS (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of an American hero from St. Petersburg, Florida, Tuskegee Airman Willie Rogers. Willie was the oldest remaining Tuskegee Airman from the original legendary 100th Fighter Squadron, the first African American military aviators in the history of the U.S. Armed Forces. He was a part of history, and I am saddened to hear he passed away recently at the incredible age of 101. Willie truly represented the Greatest Generation: humble, hardworking, and dedicated to his country and his family. He fought the Axis powers and protected our freedom and our way of life, despite the disgraceful way the Tuskegee Airmen were treated. We would not be the Nation we are today without those who served, Mr. Speaker, and I would like to sincerely thank Willie and his family again for Willie’s honorable service and his unwavering love of country. f 
b1215 STOP GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken on this floor many times about gun violence. This summer, many of us took to the House floor and shut this Chamber down for 26 hours, demanding that Congress do something to stop gun deaths. We almost lost a colleague, Gabby Giffords, to this violence. We stand not too far from the Gabe Zimmerman Room memorializing the brave staffer who lost his life in that Tucson shooting. I often question if the loss of one of our own family members would be enough for us to act. Just 2 weeks ago, we learned that our esteemed colleague DANNY DAVIS’ grandson, Javon Wilson, was shot and killed in Chicago. He was only 15. Javon joins the list of over 700 Chicagoans killed by guns this year. To those Members that have offered their condolences to Congressman DAVIS, I say this: True concern and compassion requires some action. We can start with the bipartisan background check legislation. We have to start somewhere. Do something so no parent or grandparent has to feel this pain—Congressman DAVIS’ pain—ever again. 
POLL: MEDIA BIAS THREATENS DEMOCRACY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, media bias is a direct threat to our democracy. When the media doesn’t report the facts or reports them in a biased manner, Americans can’t make good decisions. If Americans can’t make good decisions, our democracy is at risk. Americans understand this. A recent USA Today/Suffolk University poll found that a majority of Americans believe the media poses a threat to our democracy. Due to its bias, particularly over the last few months, the national media has lost much of its credibility. In fact, the same poll found that less than 8 percent of voters trust the Big Three networks to provide fair and balanced coverage of the news. Americans agree, the liberal national media is neither objective nor trustworthy. 
HONORING DR. DEBRA SAUNDERS WHITE (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of the late Dr. Debra SaundersWhite, a dedicated public servant and chancellor of North Carolina Central University. A cherished friend and confidant, I have never met anyone who worked harder and who gave more. We often worked together on legislation related to HBCUs. I could always count on her to bring pertinent issues to my attention. She remained involved, even during her illness with cancer. Prior to joining the Eagle family, Dr. SaundersWhite served as acting Assistant Secretary for the Office of Postsecondary Education in the U.S. Department of Education and in university administrations of UNC Wilmington and Hampton University. As chancellor of North Carolina Central University, Dr. SaundersWhite expanded NCCU’s course curriculum, helped secure critical investments for the university, and increased graduation rates. During her first week on campus, a campus food bank was opened to serve the needs of students, faculty, and staff. Dr. Debra SaundersWhite, educator chancellor par excellence, will be sorely missed, but her legacy will live forever. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the SaundersWhite family, friends, and the NCC University campus. 
ADVANCES IN HEALTH (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House overwhelmingly passed H.R. 34, the 21st Century Cures Act, a bill that offers help to millions of Americans whose needs have been pushed aside for far too long and marks the first step in helping improve our healthcare system, notably in mental health. I commend my Pennsylvania colleague, Congressman TIMMURPHY , for his dedication and years of hard work on this issue. Back in my district in northern California, these failures have reached crisis levels of this system. In some areas, there are no psychiatric in patient beds, leaving patients who are suffering to wait days, even weeks, to be seen. That could mean having to travel hundreds of miles for people who need care immediately. In other areas, there is virtually no access to psychiatric care, due to severe physician shortages. Law enforcement struggle while responding to crisis calls due to lack of training, which has, unfortunately, resulted in tragic outcomes that we see way too many times; as well as the opioid struggles, which is a big challenge for law enforcement and our prosecutors. Heroin really has had a great grip in rural areas like mine in northern California. Indeed, 1,100 overdoses in 8 years. This bill marks a significant historic, bipartisan effort to right what is wrong with our mental health system. It not only offers solutions, but it offers hope. I ask my colleagues in the Senate to please take quick action. f 
WORLD AIDS DAY (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate World AIDS Day. The theme this year is ‘‘Leadership, Commitment, Impact.’’ First, I would like to thank Leader PELOSI for her steadfast commitment to fighting HIV and AIDS, and for guaranteeing strong United States leadership in this area. Also, to the Congressional Black Caucus for its leadership in the establishment of PEPFAR, which was a bipartisan effort that President Bush signed into law. As the cofounder and cochair of the bipartisan Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus, with Congresswoman ILEANA  ROSLEHTINEN and Congressman MCDERMOTT , we have seen significant progress that we have made in the global fight against AIDS. From PEPFAR and the Global Fund to fight AIDS, TB, and malaria, to the Ryan White Care Act and the Minority AIDS Initiative led by Congresswoman MAXINEWATERS , year after year we have committed critical resources to end this disease. Partly due to our efforts, 18.2 million people around the world are now living on antiretroviral drugs, and 37 million lives have been saved. But much work remains, which must continue to be bipartisan. Still, stigma and discrimination prevents too many people from seeking testing and treatment. Around the world, countries criminalize LGBT people and prevent them from accessing critical HIV care. Here in the United States, we preserve stigma through outdated, unscientific laws that criminalize HIV in over 30 States. We must end these laws and repeal the discrimination laws against people. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 2943, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 937 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman 
from Massachusetts (Mr. M CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 937 provides for consideration of the conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. This marks the 55th consecutive year that the House and Senate are coming together to pass a bill to authorize spending and set policy for our Nation’s military. Just as important, as is the case with most of our work on the Armed Services Committee that I have the privilege to serve on, this was a bipartisan process that allowed for numerous members to have input into the final bill. That is a testament to the great work and leadership of Chairman MAC THORNBERRY , Ranking Member A DAM SMITH, our subcommittee chairmen and the entire committee staff. This is truly a professional team that puts in long hours to make this bill possible, and they deserve a lot of credit for their efforts. Mr. Speaker, I have said on this floor many times before that our military faces a serious readiness crisis. Budget cuts have really thinned out our military and hurt our ability to train and prepare for conflict. One of the most startling examples of this readiness crisis is the fact that some of our marines have been forced to get parts for their F–18s off of planes in a museum. That is simply absurd and it is deeply troubling. Just as bad, less than onethird of Army forces are at acceptable readiness levels for ground combat and our pilots are getting less training than many of our adversaries. Thankfully, this NDAA stops the drawdown of the military and authorizes critical funding for the operation and maintenance of our military. The bill authorizes important funding for training, helps rebuild outdated infrastructure, and ensures our military men and women have the munitions they need for ongoing operations. The bill also provides for a 2.1 percent pay increase for our military. This is the largest pay raise for our troops in 6 years, and it is especially important for our military families. Additionally, the bill supports our Nation’s military operations around the globe. As we fight the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and continue to have a presence in Afghanistan, it is vital that our military has the tools they need to carry out their mission and defeat radical Islamic terrorism. Just as important, this NDAA provides for a continued military presence in Europe to support our allies and deter Russian aggression, as well as resources to support U.S. operations in the everimportant Pacific. Finally, the NDAA includes some important reforms to make our military and the Pentagon more effective and more efficient. This includes updates to the GoldwaterNichols Act to improve the overall organizational structure at the Pentagon and throughout our military. The bill builds upon recent reforms to the Pentagon’s acquisition programs to cut down on red tape and spur innovation and research. It also updates the Uniform Code of Military Justice to promote accountability within our military. b1230 Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, but it alone will not be enough to fully turn the tide back in favor of the fully trained, fully capable, and fully equipped military that we need. Congress and the incoming President must act early next year on a funding bill to fully fund our military, and we need to go above even what is included in this bill. As Chairman THORNBERRY  has indicated, we need to push for a defense supplemental that includes important military programs that were, unfortunately, left out of this final bill. I look forward to working with Chairman THORNBERRY , Ranking Member SMITH, the Appropriations Committee, and the incoming administration to get this funding bill taken care of as soon as possible next year because, without supplemental funding, we will leave the job half done. While this is just one step in ensuring our military is ready for the fight, it is an important one nonetheless; so I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this truly bipartisan legislation. For the 55th consecutive year, let’s send a message to our servicemembers that supporting the United States military isn’t a Republican goal or a Democrat goal—it is an American goal. I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 937 and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ), and the honorable ranking member, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH), for their service and for concluding work on this conference report, which authorizes resources for our uniformed men and women, civilian defense workforce, our veterans and their families. The defense bill is one of the most complex bills that comes each year before Congress for consideration and action, and I know the hours’—and the weeks’—and the months’—worth of work that goes into these negotiations by staff and Members. It is also, in general, a bill that receives broad bipartisan support, which is a reflection of the leadership, character, and abilities of the chairman, of the ranking member, and of their staffs. Mr. Speaker, there is a great deal to support in this conference report and some provisions that continue to raise concern. Some items that were of grave concern have been dropped from the final conference report, like the fiscal cliff, language that would have authorized discrimination by Federal contractors, and some antienvironment riders. I am very upset, however, that, for the second year in a row, the House caved to unreasonable Senate demands to drop the Housepassed provision to honor our Atomic Veterans with a simple service medal. These uniformed men and women literally gave their lives in service to our country. In many cases, totally unprotected, they were exposed to extreme levels of radiation during the postWorld War II era and the subsequent cold war period. Because they signed secrecy oaths, they could not even inform their doctors that their many illnesses might be related to radiation exposure. They never complained, and they did their duty. Their heroism and their service have been publicly recognized by Presidents George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton. All we are seeking is for them to receive a simple service medal. More than three out of every four of these veterans have already passed away unrecognized for their service; yet the Senate—and Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman JOHN MCCAINand a handful of Pentagon bureaucrats in particular—seems to think it is a major scandal to provide them with a service medal. My meetings with some at the Pentagon have been particularly troubling because of what I have perceived to be their total lack of sensitivity and their total lack of appreciation for the service that these veterans have provided to our country. These men and women deserve better from their government. I hope, next year, when the House, once again, includes this bipartisan measure in the defense bill, that it won’t be so weak kneed as to cave for a third time before such unreasonable intransigence. This conference report, like its most recent predecessors, continues to authorize billions of dollars for our wars against the Islamic State in Syria, Iraq, and elsewhere without any debate on an Authorization for Use of Military Force in those countries and elsewhere. I hope that one of Speaker RYAN’s priorities during the first week of January will be to meet with President elect Trump and work out a timeline for when Mr. Trump will send an 
AUMF to Congress on these wars and when the House will finally fulfill its constitutional duty to debate and vote on this matter. For over 2
1⁄2years, this House has failed, time and time again, to take up this serious debate even after President Obama sent an AUMF to Capitol Hill for action. Enough is enough. With a Republican in the White House, I hope the Republicancontrolled Congress will finally do its duty. The cowardice of the 113th and 114th Congresses must not be allowed to extend into and infect the 115th Congress. Mr. Speaker, I want to say one more thing about the NDAA conference report. This conference report includes a very important title that incorporates the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act. As many of my colleagues know, this is a bipartisan measure, championed and introduced in the House by my friend and colleague, Congressman CHRIS SMITH; me; and by BENCARDIN in the United States Senate. The Global Magnitsky Act builds on the seminal Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, which is legislation that I authored that focused on Russia, which was approved by Congress and signed into law in 2012. That law targets individual Russian officials who are accountable for the death of Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, as well as other Russian officials engaged in corruption, human rights abuses, or who seek to undermine the rule of law. It denies them visas to the United States and freezes their assets in the United States. The Global Magnitsky Act will extend the use of those same targeted sanctions to all countries, not just to Russia. It will ensure that visiting the United States and having access to our financial system, including to U.S. dollars, are privileges that should not be granted to those officials who violate basic human rights and the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, as we enter the uncharted territory of a Trump administration, it is critical that Congress maintain its bipartisan leadership and support for human rights. It is critical that Congress continue to hold accountable the Russian Government and government officials around the world who engage in corruption, human rights abuses, and who flout the rule of law. During the long campaign, two words I never heard Mr. Trump utter were ‘‘human rights.’’ Quite frankly, I was disturbed by his public admiration of Russian strongman Vladimir Putin, whose government has jailed and even killed human rights defenders and political opponents. Mr. Speaker, in past years, I have often voted against the final passage of the NDAA conference report. In general, I can’t vote for a bill that provides tens of billions of dollars for wars that Congress refuses to debate and authorize. I can’t vote for a bill that ties the hands of a President—any President—to shut down the prison at the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay. I can’t support a bloated budget that fails to make hard choices, that provides the Pentagon with even more money than it asks for, and that continues to increase in size—without end—for the foreseeable future. However, because of the inclusion of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, this year, I will vote in support of the FY 2017 NDAA conference report. The Global Magnitsky Act will give Congress a tool with which to hold accountable human rights abusers even if our new President ends up turning a blind eye. This language in this authorization bill is important because it sends a signal— no matter what our next President believes on the issue of human rights— that, in this Congress, in a bipartisan way, we believe that, if the United States of America stands for anything, it needs to stand out loud and foursquare for human rights. I urge all of my colleagues to support the conference report notwithstanding the many reservations we may have. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee and a distinguished member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. COLE. I thank the gentleman from Alabama for yielding. Frankly, I thank him for the wonderful work he provided as a member of the Armed Services Committee to bring this legislation to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I also want to quickly associate myself with my friend from Massachusetts’ remarks about the authorization. I think he is absolutely right on that issue—we have worked together on that—and it is something that ought to happen. It is an institutional question of whether or not we retain our warmaking authority, and he has done admirable work in that area. The bill, itself, which I support—and, of course, the rule and the underlying legislation—is a very important piece of legislation. I commend our friends on the Armed Services Committee for working in a bipartisan fashion, first, to make sure they stop the erosion of the end strength of the military. It is an absolutely critical thing to do. It could not have happened had they not worked together and made some tough decisions. Second, I want to point out all of the reforms in this legislation—procurement reforms, in particular. They have gone well beyond simply appropriating money for the military as they have done some important work to put important tools in our hands that, I think in going forward, will save billions of dollars. I also commend them for fully funding a pay raise for the men and women in uniform. That is an important thing. The amount of money—a 2.1 percent increase—is relatively modest but appropriate. The more important thing is the signal it sends to the men and women who put themselves between us and harm’s way, and I thank the gentleman for his role in that. Finally, I want to pick up on one of the points that my friend from Alabama made that I couldn’t agree with more. As important and as good as this legislation is, if we do not marry it with the money that it takes to actually implement it, we are making the mistake of a lifetime. In my opinion, we could do that, literally, this year if we were to do an omnibus; but if we fail to do that and if we do a CR, my friend is exactly right in that we should act as rapidly as possible in January to make sure that we actually put the money together with the excellent authorization work that is done here. Otherwise, we simply undercut all of the good work of the Armed Services Committee. This is something that we need to focus on. The authorization is important, but if we don’t appropriate the money, a lot of the hard work that was done on the Armed Services Committee will be for naught, and it will be for naught until we actually make that decision. We shouldn’t wait until the end of April or the end of May. We ought to get it done as quickly as we can. I would like to get it done before we go home, but if we can’t do that, we certainly ought to get it done as quickly as we can when we get back. With all of that aside, again, I congratulate both sides of the aisle. This is a model of bipartisanship. My friend from Massachusetts mentioned some other measures in here with regard to Russia that, I think, are absolutely also appropriate, and I applaud their inclusion. I urge every Member to support the rule and, certainly, to vote for the underlying legislation. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. ENGEL. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I support the defense authorization bill. Our men and women in uniform are the greatest fighting force in the world, and they deserve our unwavering support. I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH for their hard work on this year’s effort, but I oppose the rule because this bill could be made better not by expanding it, but by taking out parts that don’t belong there in the first place. Year after year, Congress has placed more and more diplomatic prerogatives under the military’s purview. There are 80 provisions from the House and Senate bills in the conference report that 
cross into the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee. As that committee’s ranking member, I am grateful to my friend, Mr. SMITH of Washington, as we have worked together to improve these parts of the bill; but different agencies have different responsibilities and capabilities. That is why different committees oversee these issues. We would never ask a group of Foreign Service Officers to carry out a targeted strike on an enemy. That is not their job. So why would we assign diplomatic functions to those who are already handling the tall order of protecting and defending us? Take the Asia Maritime Security Initiative—a program seeking greater collaboration among our Asian partners to solve maritime disputes peacefully. This is the sort of effort that our diplomats are trained to deal with. It takes time and precision and patience to develop interest among governments and to ramp up capacity; but the Pentagon moved ahead without the State Department, and the DOD’s approach was like performing surgery with a hacksaw. The Philippines and Vietnam were slow to come on board. That is where, I believe, careful diplomacy would have paid off. Instead, the DOD threw money at the problem. The Philippines didn’t want the money, and they weren’t ready to absorb it; so the effort fell apart. Now, in a difficult time in AmericanPhilippines relations, we have a gaping hole in our maritime security strategy. This should be a lesson learned, but, instead, this bill will put even more diplomatic responsibility in military hands. For instance, the bill diverts Defense Department dollars to the Global Engagement Center, the GEC. It is a State Department program that is focused on countering violent extremist propaganda overseas. The goal of this provision is worthwhile, but the way it is written ignores overwhelming advice from experts in the field and from our public diplomacy officials who are already hard at work in Foggy Bottom. Instead of building on what we already know from years of countering propaganda, it says that the DOD should decide how much money to give a State Department program. Mr. Speaker, that is just bad policy, and that example just scratches the surface. b1245 So I support the underlying bill because it is good for our military, but I don’t support this rule. I did not sign the conference report because I have deep concerns that the line between our military and diplomatic efforts is blurring. We will be back here in a year, and I hope at that time we will pass a defense authorization that deals just with defense. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am going to urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question. And if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation authored by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ), who has been a leader on this issue, that would require Presidential nominees to disclose 3 years of their tax returns. Mr. Speaker, tax returns provide the public with vital information about our Presidential candidates. Have they paid taxes at all? Do they keep money offshore? Or have they taken advantage of tax loopholes? This is important information that voters have a right to know. The American people should expect candidates running for President to be open and transparent about their tax returns, and this legislation would ensure that transparency. It is hard for me to believe that giving the people the right to know about a Presidential candidate’s financial dealings is controversial. I hope that this isn’t. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to discuss our proposal, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge all House Members to defeat the previous question so that this bipartisan, bicameral legislation, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act, can be made in order for immediate floor debate and a vote. Now, the legislation is really very simple. It requires Presidential nominees of major political parties to file 3 previous years of their Federal tax returns with the Federal Election Commission. Now, tax returns contain vital information. We all know that. But it is also vital for the public, for voters, to consider. They should be able to know whether a candidate has paid taxes, if they have paid any taxes, how much they have paid, whether they have made charitable contributions and to whom, and whether they took advantage of tax loopholes or offshore tax shelters. This election year, we experienced a bipartisan problem in this area. For the first time since 1976, Mr. Trump, who is now the Presidentelect, would not release any tax returns to the public whatsoever. And on the Democratic side, Senator SANDERS only disclosed a summary of 1 year of his tax returns. I think that these are areas that demonstrate themselves to fall far short of what the American people deserve in terms of transparency. So this legislation ensures that the custom of disclosing—and it has been a custom since 1976—that they disclose multiple years of tax returns and that it be required by Federal law for future Presidential candidates to do so. Former Presidential candidate Mitt Romney stated earlier this year that: ‘‘Tax returns provide the public with its sole confirmation of the veracity of a candidate’s representations regarding charities, priorities, wealth, tax conformance, and conflicts of interest.’’ One of the Republican cosponsors of my bill, Congressman MARK SANFORD , wrote in The New York Times in August: ‘‘The Presidency is the most powerful political position on Earth, and the idea of enabling the voter the chance to see how a candidate has handled his or her finances is a central part of making sure the right person gets the job.’’ So I rise today because I believe Congress should write this important disclosure tradition into law. I urge my colleagues to reject the previous question so we can hold an immediate vote on the Presidential Tax Transparency Act. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is not unusual for me to come down here to handle pieces of legislation for the Rules Committee that pertain to our national defense and find myself in a debate about issues that have nothing to do with national defense. Whatever else you can say about the issue about the President or the Presidentelect providing tax returns, it has nothing to do with the defense of the United States of America. It has nothing to do with authorizing what the Army, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and the Navy need to defend this country. So whatever may be the merits of the proposal we just heard from the gentlewoman from California, it is totally irrelevant to the piece of legislation and the resolution on the rules before this body. So I think that it is an interesting argument. Maybe there is another time to have it, but this is not that time. We need to stay focused on what needs to be authorized to defend the United States of America, and I would urge my colleagues to reject the notion that we just heard. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me disagree with my distinguished colleague that somehow this has nothing to do with national defense. I strongly disagree with him on that. I think where a Presidential candidate or a soontobe President has financial dealings is related directly to our national defense. Does he have investments in Russia? Does he have investments in countries that have been hostile to human rights or to U.S. interests in various parts of the world? That is very relevant. One of the reasons why we are utilizing this mechanism of defeating the previous question—by the way, if we defeat the previous question, we still 
get to bring up the defense authorization conference report. But one of the reasons that we do it is because—the way this House operates is that, if you are in the minority, you don’t get an opportunity to get any of your amendments made in order or your bills made in order, especially bills of any consequence. So that is why we are utilizing this. This is very relevant to our national defense. As I said, I normally vote against these authorization bills because I think they are overbloated. I think there are issues concerning the fact that we spend billions of dollars on wars that we never debate or we don’t properly authorize here in the Congress. But I am voting for this one because of the Global Magnitsky legislation because of the human rights provisions. Because I don’t know where the head of our next President is going to be when it comes to standing up to abuses by people like Vladimir Putin, against opposition leaders and journalists and anybody he disagrees with. This bill is named after a guy named Sergei Magnitsky who, by the way, was an accountant in Russia who uncovered the largest corruption scandal in Russia’s history. What was his reward for doing that? Putin had him put in jail. He was tortured, and he was beaten to death. You know, that is what happens in places that are run by strongmen like Vladimir Putin. So, yeah, I would like to know whether or not our next President has investments in Russia. I think that would be very relevant to know. Quite frankly, the reason why this Magnitsky legislation is so important is it gives us a tool to pressure the next administration on the issue of human rights, and it is a signal to people like Putin and other dictators and strongmen around the world that Congress is not going to be silent in the face of human rights abuses. So I think this is all very relevant. I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can do what I would think most people in this country think is noncontroversial, which is to have people running for President release their tax returns so we know. This shouldn’t be a big deal. We should do it now, and we have an opportunity to do it now and still vote on this NDAA bill. I hope that we will do that. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from 20 national organizations voicing concern about the $3.2 billion added to the overseas contingency operations account in funds not requested by the Pentagon. 
DEAR SENATOR /REPRESENTATIVE : The re cently released conference report for the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) would authorize an additional $3.2 billion unrequested by the Pentagon, effectively exceeding the spending limits set in place previously by Congress as part of the Budget Control Act of 2011 and Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. As organizations representing Americans across the political spectrum, we are writing to voice our disagreement with this tactic. The very real challenges facing our military are not the result of a lack of funds. They are the result of years of failing to make necessary, tough choices our nation’s security requires. If Congress votes to simply throw additional billions of dollars at this problem by using a budgetary gimmick involving the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) account, you will do nothing to solve these problems. Rather, you will simply be guaranteeing another year of massive spending at the Pentagon. Refusing to make hard choices and tradeoffs does not strengthen our security, it undermines it. Earlier this year, many of our organizations expressed our opposition to the House Armed Services Committee’s draft NDAA which included an $18 billion gimmick to fund the OCO account above previously agreed upon levels. What was a bad idea at $18 billion is still a bad idea at $3.2 billion. We strongly urge you to scrap any plans to fund the OCO account above the levels set in existing law and finally pursue a path of fiscal responsibility at the Pentagon. Sincerely, Campaign for Liberty, Center for International Policy, Council for a Livable World, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, FreedomWorks, Friends Committee on National Legislation, Just Foreign Policy, National Priorities Project, National Taxpayers Union, Peace Action, Project on Government Oversight, Taxpayers for Common Sense, Taxpayers Protection Alliance, Taxpayers United of America, The Libertarian Institute, The London Center, United for Peace and Justice, Win Without War, Women’s Action for New Directions. Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, one of my many concerns about this bill—and if it wasn’t for the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, I would be voting against this bill because of things like that. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Let the American people know what the financial dealings of their Presidential candidates and soontobe Presidents are, and then we get on to dealing with passing the National Defense Authorization Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. The Presidential election is over. Maybe some people would like to relitigate the results, but certainly the National Defense Authorization Act is not the place to do that. So we need to get back to the focus of what we are here about today, and that is authorizing the defense of the United States of America. I appreciate the gentleman’s support for the rule. I appreciate his support, which he says is unusual for the underlying bill. I also agree with him, as I heard the gentleman from Oklahoma agree with him, about the need for us in the future to address an authorization for the use of military force in the Middle East. I don’t know what the authorization is under law for what we are undertaking today in Yemen, what we are undertaking today in Libya, or what we are undertaking today in other countries like Somalia. I hope the new administration will take a complete new look at that and come to us and tell us what they think a real strategy for success and victory is. Now, that is something we could all get together and authorize. This is not the piece of legislation to address it, and I appreciate the fact that my friend is willing to drop his concerns about that to support it. We are here to do one very important thing—and it is the most important thing that the Congress does—and that is to provide for the defense of the American people, pure and simple. This rule, the underlying legislation, does that. There is more work to be done at the beginning of next year, and I hope and am confident that there will be a real effort to come back and do that. At this point in time, it is important that we move forward with this National Defense Authorization Act for the 55th straight year. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 937 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
b1300 PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RECOMMIT ON H.R. 6392, SYSTEMIC RISK DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 6392 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
SYSTEMIC RISK DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 934, I call up the bill (H.R. 6392) to amend the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6392 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6392, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act, which is a very important bill cosponsored by a bipartisan group of Members of the House, the text of which was approved by our committee with a strong bipartisan support of 39–16. I thank Chairman LUETKEMEYER , chairman of our Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, one of the key leaders on our Committee on Financial Services, for his leadership and for introducing this legislation. He has led these efforts valiantly to reform a flawed and arbitrary framework used by regulators to designate socalled systemically important financial institutions, also known as SIFIs. Designation, Mr. Speaker, anoints these institutions as too big to fail, meaning that today’s SIFI designations are tomorrow’s taxfunded bailouts. It is clear that this issue has found, again, a fair amount of consensus on both sides of the aisle, and this legislation represents a very goodfaith effort by the gentleman from Missouri to forge a bipartisan piece of legislation that, at the very least, at the minimum, would get rid of a totally arbitrary and static threshold currently used to designate institutions as systemically important. Mr. Speaker, I speak for many on this floor when I say I do not believe in the SIFI architecture at all. I think it 
is harmful. I think it is dangerous, and clearly it should be replaced by high levels of lossabsorbing private capital. But that is not what we are debating today. Today in the 114th Congress, we continue to try to find a bipartisan consensus to support needed reforms; and, again, that is what this bill is: bipartisan. It recognizes that regulations should consider different components of risk and not simply a Washington onesizefitsall definition. The current approach—and this is very important, Mr. Speaker, as the coauthor of the DoddFrank Act, himself, admits—is a mistake. It is a mistake because it fails to take into account differences in the various business models or systemic risk institutions pose to our financial system. In fact, it is indisputable that the asset threshold used in DoddFrank is not based on a logical formula, on research, or on any evidence at all. Instead, it is simply a random number picked out of thin air. Concerns with this arbitrary number have been recognized, as I just mentioned, by none other than former Committee on Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank, himself. As I recall, he is the Frank of DoddFrank. In testimony before our committee, Mr. Speaker, former Chairman Frank agreed that the threshold he wrote into law was ‘‘arbitrary.’’ He expressed support for adjusting it. Then just last week, he stated the asset threshold was a ‘‘mistake.’’ I hope all Members on the other side of the aisle take careful note. Federal Reserve Board member Dan Tarullo has also expressed skepticism, as has the Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry. Even the ranking member, the Democrat ranking member of the Senate Banking Committee, Senator SHERROD BROWN , has stated: ‘‘I do agree that some banks above $50 billion should not’’—not—‘‘be regulated like Wall Street megabanks.’’ So what we are trying to do here today with this bipartisan bill is trying to provide a solution to try to fix a generally recognized mistake in Dodd Frank, and what those who oppose the bill are trying to do is to preserve that mistake in the law. Perhaps again, Mr. Speaker, some of my colleagues need to be reminded that small banks on Main Street and even our regional banks did not cause the financial crisis, and arbitrarily painting big banks and small and midsized banks with exactly the same broad brush is wrong. It is bad policy, and it is bad for our economy. So the discussion today, Mr. Speaker, should instead focus on the appropriate measure of systemic importance and the regulatory burden imposed by the socalled enhanced prudential standards once an institution has been designated. By focusing exclusively on asset size, you ignore other factors that may be more relevant in determining whether a financial institution should be subject to, again, socalled enhanced prudential standards. Furthermore, an assetbased approach does not capture the types of risk that enhanced prudential standards are designed to mitigate in the first place. By determining risk using activity based standards, no matter how flawed these standards may be, our regulators would be better equipped to differentiate between stable activities and those that may pose a threat to financial stability. It would allow more precision in identifying systemic importance, while also providing flexibility for institutions engaging in more prudent lending activities. Mr. Speaker, it is just so important that we note the effect these regulations are having today on the U.S. economy. They are harming our economy. Instead of helping to capitalize small businesses, leading to more jobs and opportunity for people who still lack both, financial institutions are, instead, having to expend capital on compliance, compliance that even the coauthor of DoddFrank admits is a mistake. Mr. Speaker, regrettably, I need not remind us that we remain stuck in the slowest and weakest economic recovery since the end of World War II. The economy simply is not working for working Americans. They can’t get ahead, and they fear for the future of their families. Their paychecks have remained stagnant. Their savings have declined. The American people deserve better. I urge adoption of this measure. I thank Chairman LUETKEMEYER for his leadership in forging this bipartisan consensus solution. I urge us to correct this DoddFrank mistake. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 29, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services. DEARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing concerning H.R. 6392, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016.’’ This legislation contains provisions that fall within the Ways and Means Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction over revenue. I appreciate your willingness to work with me on the provisions in my Committee’s jurisdiction. In order to allow H.R. 6392 to move expeditiously to the House floor, I agree not to seek a sequential referral on this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing formal action on H.R. 6392, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 29, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Ways and Means Committee. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your November 29th letter regarding H.R. 6392, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016.’’ I am most appreciative of your decision to forego action on H.R. 6392 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Ways and Means Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall be pleased to include your letter and this letter on H.R. 6392 in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the same. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 6392. This is the first step in the Trump agenda to deregulate Wall Street, despite candidate Trump’s pledges to hold elite bankers accountable. In fact, as we debate this bill today, Trump Tower’s revolving door is spinning with Wall Street insiders. Yes, in a skyscraper in midtown Manhattan, Trump and his transition team are plotting their agenda to weaken financial reform and bring us back to the precrisis Wild West days when banks could gamble with taxpayer money. Bank stocks are up on news of gifts to come, and newspaper headlines are already documenting Republicans’ aggressive plans. In fact, Presidentelect Trump just announced that he will nominate Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs executive who now sits on the board of the megabank CIT, to be his Treasury Secretary. Mr. Mnuchin’s bank is just one of 27 banks that stands to benefit directly from this legislation. Though CIT crashed—that is the bank—and went bankrupt during the crisis because of highrisk commercial lending and subprime loans, somehow Mr. Mnuchin still managed to sign an employment deal, handing him $4.5 million a year in 2016. I suppose passing this legislation is just the Republican Congress’ way of giving him a signing bonus for coming into government. We enacted the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in response to the stunning greed and regulatory failures in our financial system; and yet, with this bill, the Republicans are displaying a staggering degree of historical amnesia. b1315 This bill is the epitome of that dangerous agenda, with H.R. 6392 gutting 
our banking regulators’ oversight of $4.5 trillion in banking assets, or approximately 30 percent of the industry currently subject to enhanced rules. Make no mistake. This bill is not about helping the community banks because 99 percent of our country’s community banks and credit unions are already exempt from most rules in DoddFrank. So I don’t want anybody to come out here saying: we are helping the community banks. This has nothing to do with the community banks. This is about deregulating the big banks over $50 billion. It is also not about tailoring regulations for regional banks. Wall Street reform already required that, and the Federal Reserve is already taking steps to do so. No, this bill is about a wholesale regulatory exemption for just 27 of the biggest banks in America—banks with $100 billion, $200 billion, and even $400 billion in assets. Many of the types of banks that would benefit from this bill failed spectacularly during the financial crisis. In fact, large bank holding companies with more than $50 billion in assets received twice as much bailout money per dollar than banks with less than $50 billion in assets. Contrary to the talking points from the other side of the aisle, these megaregional banks are not just big community banks. No, these regional banks are some of the worst players in predatory, subprime lending leading up to the financial crisis. They have preyed on minority and rural communities and have passed the buck onto taxpayers when their bets failed. Remember Countrywide, a $200 billion thrift? They were the number three subprime mortgage originator and number one issuer of mortgage bonds in 2006. They are a poster child of the crisis. Remember Washington Mutual, with $300 billion in assets, whose hometown paper, The Seattle Times, described as ‘‘predatory’’? Remember Wachovia, with their exotic ‘‘pickapayment’’ mortgage loans? Remember in October of 2008, when they posted a $24 billion quarterly loss and the FDIC had to facilitate a midnight acquisition by Wells Fargo? Remember New Century, AmeriQuest, or Option One? This bill would enable more blowups like these. H.R. 6392 would repeal DoddFrank’s $50 billion threshold above which banks are subject to closer regulatory scrutiny and prevent the Federal Reserve Board from regulating these banks. Instead, it would hand over that responsibility to what is known as FSOC, the Financial Stability Oversight Council. In order to regulate the banks, the FSOC would have to go through a Byzantine and litigious process of designation, which takes 2 to 4 years to complete. This would give them plenty of time to go back to the old ways that DoddFrank is trying to prevent. Even if a potential Treasury Secretary Mnuchin decided to regulate his former employer, by the time he got around to it, the damage would likely already be done. It is also significant to note that Republicans have repeatedly tried to dismantle the FSOC and its existing designation authority for large nonbanks. They have called the Council ‘‘unconstitutional,’’ introduced bills to make it harder for the FSOC to do its job, and helped companies like MetLife fight its designation in court. What is more, Chairman HENSARLING ’s sweeping Wall Street deregulation bill, the ‘‘Wrong Choice Act,’’ would repeal this exact same designation authority altogether. Why is the majority even considering this bill today when the chairman’s Wall Street reform repeal package would render this bill moot? It is clear that this is just the first act in a long, dangerous play that will continue well into next year. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this harmful bill. Mr. Speaker, as I said when I took the floor to debate this bill, this is the first act in Trump’s promise that he is going to deregulate, his promise that he is going to get rid of DoddFrank, his promise that he is going to get rid of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and his promise that he is going to, in essence, turn all of this back over to Wall Street. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 seconds just to say, if the ranking member believes this is the first act in getting rid of Dodd Frank, she ain’t seen nothing yet. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), the distinguished chairman of the House Rules Committee, and I thank him for his leadership in helping bring this bill to the floor. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear colleague from Dallas for not only yielding, but I want to commend him in working with his committee, including the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), on this awesome legislation. Mr. Speaker, the point is simple: Washington has once again gotten in the way of legitimate business and is harming the American people, the American economy, and job growth in this country by imposing unnecessary and burdensome compliance costs on mediumsized banks all across America. Asset thresholds, regardless of how high or low, are disincentives to growth. There will always be an institution that lies somewhere that is slightly above or below some threshold, but the bottom line is that arbitrary numbers tell us very little about the risk that is actually involved. It is the risk to institutions in America that we should be talking about. So, simply put, the SIFI designation is arbitrary. It simply subjects smaller banks to the same standards as trilliondollar, globally systematic organizations, which is something that would only make sense here in Washington. The bottom line is, it is an impediment to free economic growth, and it is an impediment that is burdening not only our banks but consumers also. I commend Congressman LUETKE MEYER for advancing this important, commonsense regulation. By the way, it has taken several years to get here. We now understand that the American economy can move in the right direction. The American economy, with good and proper leadership, not only in Washington but by the rules and regulations that are balanced, will help United States families, small businesses, and specifically smaller banks be more competitive to offer the services that are necessary. I commend the young chairman of the Financial Services Committee, Mr. HENSARLING , for allowing this bill to come here today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, Democrats, small town America, Rust Belt America, you just heard what he said. Mr. HENSARLING  just said: You ain’t seen nothing yet. You heard it coming out of his mouth as they stand here and defend deregulation of these big banks. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I think it appropriate to reflect for just a moment on what the crisis was like in 2008. In 2008, when this crisis hit and it started to blossom, started to blow up, banks would not lend to each other. The crisis was so serious that banks would not bail each other out. We had a circumstance such that people were losing their homes. They were losing their homes because of these socalled exotic products that allowed them to buy homes that they could not afford, homes that would allow them to have a teaser rate that would coincide with a prepayment penalty such that they couldn’t get out of the rate that was to follow, which was going to be higher than they can afford. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 6392, should be appropriately named the ‘‘Systemic Risk Creation Act,’’ because that is what it does. It creates the opportunity for systemic risk to exist, and it puts us back where we were before DoddFrank such that these various banks and lending institutions and other institutions of great amount of finance would be in a position to fail without our having the opportunity to immediately act upon them, as was the case with AIG. There was no system in place to deal with the AIGs of the world. DoddFrank allows us to do this in a systemic way, a systematic way, an orderly way. It allows us to, if we need to, wind down these huge institutions— 
wind them down such that they don’t create harm to the broader economy. I want you to know, Mr. Speaker, for those who think that these are all small banks, let me just give you some indication as to how small they are. I am looking now at the top five of the 27 in question. The top five: Number five is $217 billion. Number four, $255 billion. Number three, $278 billion. Number two, $350 billion. Number one, $433 billion. Only in the Congress of the United States of America would this be considered small change. We must not allow this deregulation to take place such that we put the economic order at risk again. This bill, DoddFrank, when it passed, allowed us to look at the entire economic order and to determine whether or not there were institutions that were a systemic risk to the economic order. Prior to DoddFrank, they were all siloed. Prior to DoddFrank, we had longterm capital. Longterm capital was the first canary in the coal mine. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Longterm capital had its demise in 1998. It was a canary in the coal mine. Bear Stearns followed, as well as IndyMac, Countrywide, and WaMu. They followed in 2008. We didn’t have a system that allowed us to recognize these canaries in the coal mine and take affirmative action. This is what DoddFrank does. This is what FSOC does. And it would be a severe mistake to vote for legislation to repeal these bills. We are going to live to regret this vote. Those who vote to repeal will live to regret it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds to say I appreciate the passion of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and their concern for taxpayers and systemic risk. So I certainly look forward to their cosponsorship of our legislation to get rid of DoddFrank’s taxpayer funded bailout fund. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), a real leader on our committee and the author of H.R. 6392, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, today, the House will consider H.R. 6392, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016, legislation to address an inefficient regulatory structure by accounting for actual risk, rather than asset size alone, in the designation of systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs. Under the current regulatory framework for the designation of SIFIs, any bank holding company with more than $50 billion in assets is subject to enhanced regulatory supervision and special assessments. This approach fails to take into account differences in business models or risk imposed to the financial system. It has realworld implications, too, stunting economic growth and limiting access to credit. The risk of a traditional bank is not the same as an internationally active, complex firm. H.R. 6392 would remove the completely arbitrary approach and replace it with analysis of actual risk imposed to the financial system. b1330 More specifically, my legislation would require regulators to examine not just size, but also interconnectedness, the extent of readily available substitutes, global crossjurisdictional activity, and complexity of each bank holding company. These are metrics that are presently being used by the Financial Stability Board and the Office of Financial Research to determine what a GSIFI is, a Global Systemically Important Financial Institution. This bill number may be new, but the concept is not. With the exception of the offset language contained in section 6 of this bill, H.R. 6392 is identical to H.R. 1309, which was the legislation I introduced last year that attracted broad bipartisan support and garnered 135 cosponsors. Even DoddFrank’s author, the former chairman of the Financial Services Committee, Barney Frank, said this issue needs to be addressed. During a November 20 radio interview, Chairman Frank said: ‘‘We put in there that banks got the extra supervision if they were $50 billion in assets. That was a mistake.’’ Chairman Frank further went on to say: ‘‘When it comes to lending and job creation, the regional banks are obviously very, very important. I hope that if we get some regulatory changes, we give some regulatory relaxation to those banks.’’ Chairman Frank testified to that effect—and this is a picture of him in front of our committee—and expressed support for our bill back in 2014. This week we have the opportunity to remedy this oversight. This legislation will not impact the authority of the regulatory agencies to oversee institutions. It will, however, encourage enhanced and more appropriate oversight of institutions that could actually have a greater impact on the overall economy, financial system, and, most importantly, consumers. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill to take a more pragmatic approach to financial regulation. Mr. Speaker, it is time to actually manage risk and limit threats to our financial system. I want to thank my colleagues for their work on this legislation, namely, Mr. MURPHY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. WILLIAMS , Ms. S EWELL , Mr. H ILL, and Ms. SINEMA , and ask my colleagues for their support today. And a special thanks to Chairman HENSARLING for his tireless support for efforts on this bill. Just one moment, if I could, to address a couple of comments that were made earlier. We are talking about systemically important financial institutions, and the definition of a SIFI is it has got to be something that is going to cause the economy to go down. A $50 billion bank is going to be something that may be important to a local economy, but it is not going to be something important to the entire economy. This is what we are talking about. Big banks have big problems. Mediumsized banks do not affect the systemic concern that we should have about the economy, and this is where this bill is directed. Somebody who doesn’t understand that, I think they are missing the point. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. So I think even the ranking member made my point a while ago when she said 27 banks, a total of $4.6 trillion. We have got a half dozen banks over $1 trillion, so we are talking about some small banks that are really going to have a small impact with regard to if they went down or not. That is what the purpose of this legislation, DoddFrank, was about: to stop the big guys from bringing the whole economy down. The ranking member, with all due respect, misses the entire point of what DoddFrank is supposed to be and what the intent of this bill is. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, while the other side fights for the big banks and we over here are fighting for the consumers, let me just say that Mr. Frank has not supported H.R. 6392, and you need to stop saying that. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I have a little different take on this. I oppose this bill. In fact, I strongly oppose it, but I don’t exactly oppose the idea at all. Let me explain that. The DoddFrank legislation was written, as we all know, during a period of financial crisis, and legislators and regulators had to act quickly. Sometimes, when you have to act quickly, you take shortcuts to get the financial system stabilized. But today, the difference is we have the luxury of time to go back and replace those shortcuts with some more deliberative decisionmaking. Now, DoddFrank said that every bank holding company over $50 billion gets heightened supervision. Well, frankly, back then, for stabilizing a financial crisis, that was a great way to move quickly and to get it done and to bring about the intended result. But again, for making policy over the long term, that doesn’t make sense because, in fact, it is an arbitrarysize threshold. So it was a shortcut that made sense at the time, and I join with you in supporting a reevaluation of that particular threshold level. That is the 
idea of this bill, and I support the bill— or support the idea. But, again, I don’t support this bill at all because, instead of taking the luxury of time to make good policy, frankly, it acts like we are still back in that crisis, and we are taking another shortcut. The bill says FSOC should determine which banks need heightened supervision, and that is a great idea. That is what they are there for. And then it says FSOC has to complete all of its work on all of the banks within 12 months. That is a terrible idea. That is a terrible idea. The last determination that FSOC took lasted 16 months, and they were working on one company at the time— and it took 16 months. And even then, the judge said: You took 16 months, and you acted too rashly and should have deliberated more. But this bill says only 12 months are allowed. And it is not just one company they would be looking at. It could be up to 40 companies with over $50 billion in assets. So I would say to my friend from Missouri, I think you have a good idea. I wish you would have brought a bill reflecting that idea out here. Let’s remember that Bear Stearns was $400 billion; it contributed. Washington Mutual, $300 billion; it contributed. All of those banks are going to be in one pot that have 12 months to be looked at. We are, in fact, gutting DoddFrank; and, no, I do not agree with my friend from Texas, the chairman, that that is a good idea at all. The authors kind of recognized this, which is why they said banks get heightened supervision if FSOC says so or if the Financial Stability Board in Basel, Switzerland, says so. I don’t know why we would cede sovereignty. I have been working with the gentleman from Missouri on exactly that issue as it relates to insurance companies. Why are we ceding our sovereignty to some regulatory entity in another country? So I do take a different view of this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. HECK of Washington. I urge my colleagues to support the idea by rejecting this bill which will not achieve the intended result because it can’t work. But the idea can. Go back. Put in a reasonable timeframe. Drop that crazy FSB provision, and let the regulators get to work looking for the risks that devastated the economy a decade ago so we don’t have to relive that. If we pass this bill, we very well may. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). Without objection, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) will control the remainder of the time of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ). There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ), the chair of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, who is set to retire shortly, and whose expertise and hard work we are going to miss; but his guidance over these years has certainly given us a lesson on how to get things done. And we certainly hope that he will have a great retirement. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I thank the gentleman for those kind words. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6392, offered by my good friend from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ). H.R. 6392, known as the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act, is bipartisan legislation that ensures that the Federal Government takes a thoughtful and comprehensive approach when evaluating the financial stability concerns posed by U.S. bank holding companies. Under H.R. 6392, the bank holding companies will no longer be measured by their size alone when evaluated for the application of heightened prudential standards. Instead, the Financial Stability Oversight Council will use a metricsbased approach that takes into consideration the totality of the bank holding company’s operations. Using this framework, bank holding companies will be measured on size, complexity, their interconnectedness, crossjurisdictional activity, and available substitutes. This approach is similar to the framework used by the international body known as the Financial Stability Board, which designates global systemically important banks. Further, it is the framework already being used by the Federal Reserve when it evaluates financial stability concerns stemming from bank mergers. Mounting evidence coming from regulators and academics have highlighted the flaws in using a sizeonly approach to measuring systemic risk. Further, several democratically appointed regulators have noted the flaws with DoddFrank’s threshold of $50 billion in assets. Put simply, many bank holding companies are being subjected to enhanced regulatory requirements for no sound policy reasons. That results in restricted lending, decreased services to customers, and inefficiencies in the marketplace. We must strive to ensure that the government policy is thoughtful and properly calibrated. H.R. 6392 is absolutely necessary to ensure that we meet those principles. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 6392. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. FOSTER. I thank Ranking Member WATERS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6392, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016. Although many aspects of this bill have sound arguments behind them, it contains fatal flaws which should preclude our support. The financial crisis taught us many things about our markets and overturned some fairly fundamental assumptions that were widely held prior to it. One of the things we learned was the extent to which systemic risk could build up in a regulatory paradigm that was focused entirely on entity risk. It was quickly evident that the failure of a large institution posed a greater threat than previously believed. At the same time the phrase ‘‘too big to fail’’ became public shorthand for some of these firms, economists and other experts talked about another important aspect, too interconnected to fail. Asset size is a quick and useful metric for determining whether a firm is potentially so large that a failure could have a massive impact on systemwide stability, and evaluating the risks that single institutions can pose to the system often require a more nuanced approach. The exposure of counterparties to a failing firm or exposures of other institutions to the same risks are systemic risk factors that should rightly be considered. Also, as the economy grows, many fixed thresholds, such as $50 billion, will shrink in importance. At the very least, the importance given to any asset size threshold needs to be periodically reconsidered in the scope of an economic indicator like GDP. Wherever the line is drawn, it should reflect the macroeconomic factors that the bank is nested in. Moreover, there is anecdotal evidence that firms will avoid growth— meaning, cutting back in lending—as they approach any fixed threshold. I see this as a market distortion that reflects risks of increasing concentration rather than prudent risk management. I see this concern with nearly any fixed threshold for being deemed a SIFI. However, I think that a nuanced, weighted process that gives deference to the expertise of regulatory agencies is appropriate. Drawing lines to determine which firms warrant additional scrutiny will always be a difficult process. To the extent that the bill we consider today looks to other factors that a strong Financial Stability Oversight Council with adequate resources and leadership should consider, I believe that this is a good start. I do think that there are improvements to be made in the designation threshold, but I think this bill has two core problems that prevent my support. First, legislation to change the threshold should give sufficient specific direction that it would not move with changes to the political leadership of the FSOC. The concentration of an effective veto power in the hands of a single political appointee basically aggravates that concern tremendously. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. FOSTER. Second, thorough analysis of the institutions presently categorized as SIFIs but not GSIBs requires more than a year. The bill today rightly looks to characteristics that are important in assessing systemic risk, but it does not provide predictability or an adequate transition period. The most recent financial crisis saw the failure of institutions of a variety of sizes, but, for example, the savings and loan crisis was the simultaneous failure of many smaller firms. I support an approach that looks at many different factors and gives discretion to a strong, wellresourced FSOC to designate forms based on objective characteristics of the firm so we can prevent another crisis. However, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 6392 because it does not set up the thoughtful framework we need. b1345 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the amount of time remaining on both sides, please? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Missouri has 15 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 10
3⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee. He is obviously one of the greater, deeper thinkers on our committee from the standpoint of being able to handle that sort of subcommittee. It is certainly an honor to have him with us today. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my fellow subcommittee chairman who has written a great piece of legislation here. We all have been talking about Dodd Frank creating this Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC, which was charged with monitoring systemic risk in the U.S. financial sector and coordinating regulatory responses by its member agencies—a good goal, but an idea gone bad, unfortunately. FSOC designates these banking companies with over $50 billion in assets, they are automatically considered systemically important financial institutions, and the act subjects those institutions to enhanced regulatory standards. Here is the issue, Mr. Speaker: this is not about Wall Street banks. This is really affecting and hitting Main Street banks. The SIFI designation really is arbitrary, and it subjects these companies with those assets. Which, don’t get me wrong, $50 billion is a lot of money. However, if you look at the totality of our financial institutions, it is actually quite small. It suddenly says that they are globally now systemically important that, if this particular bank or company went out of business, we could take down the whole economy. It is just ludicrous. The process that FSOC uses to designate these institutions is flawed in its current design and lacks the transparency and accountability that the American taxpayers deserve and, frankly, expect. In fact, the former Financial Services chairman, Barney Frank, under which DoddFrank is named, even agreed that the $50 billion SIFI threshold that he wrote into law and that the Senate wrote into law was ‘‘arbitrary.’’ Maybe 75 was too big and 25 was too small, so they settled on 50. There is no basis as to why that number was picked. I couldn’t agree more with that former chairman. This bill, H.R. 6392, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act, is a bipartisan bill that passed out of our committee 39–16 with eight Democrats joining the majority, and it would require instead that FSOC use an indicatorbased measurement that has five different operational indicators. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Those five operational indicators are size, interconnectedness, complexity, cross jurisdictional activity, and available substitutes. Therefore, what is happening is we are seeing fewer products and services available to bank customers because these banks are having to pour more additional resources that could go towards servicing those customers into a regulation that isn’t doing anything to protect our economy. That ultimately needs to be our goal. Our goal here needs to make sure that we restore transparency by allowing regulators to review all of the circumstances surrounding that and not have a Washington, D.C.driven one sizefitsall approach. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, it was just said that this is affecting Main Street. It is not. All that passion you see on the other side is about the big banks, not about community banks. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. SARBANES ), who is a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and a strong advocate for the protection of Wall Street reform. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose this legislation, but I also want to speak to the millions of Americans of all political stripes who want Washington to change, who want to reclaim their voice in their democracy, and who long, actually, for the interests of Main Street to be put ahead of the interests of Wall Street. Unfortunately, Washington hasn’t heard you, America. The system is still rigged and the swamp is only getting deeper. Special interest lobbyists are sharpening their knives in advance of the new Congress, and Presidentelect Trump’s administration is ready to carve up the Tax Code for their benefit and eliminate oversight of Wall Street. In fact, bank stocks are surging now with Wall Street giddy at the prospect of tossing out critical rules and regulations designed to prevent another financial collapse and taxpayer bailout. As one Wall Street analyst put it immediately after the election: ‘‘Everything is in play.’’ Or maybe we should just use Mr. HENSARLING ’s words: ‘‘You ain’t seen nothing yet.’’ If you need further proof that special interests and the Wall Street elite will be empowered in the new Congress and administration, look no further than Presidentelect Trump’s nomination for the Treasury Department: Steve Mnuchin—a billionaire hedge fund manager, former Goldman Sachs executive and bank CEO. Presidentelect Trump, a supposed champion of the working class, now seeks to appoint a financier who, like Trump, personally profited on the financial ruin of hardworking Americans. What does this have to do with the bill we have before us, you may ask? Well, a lot. Today, before the new President is even seated and Steven Mnuchin is even confirmed, H.R. 6392 will dramatically upend sensible oversight of some of the Nation’s largest banks, many of which were directly implicated in the financial collapse of 2008. Taxpayers lose under this legislation, but guess who stands to benefit from it? Steve Mnuchin. He serves on the board of the bank CIT, receiving a salary of $4.5 million. CIT is one of only 27 banks in the country that will benefit from this terrible legislation. What is more, under this legislation, Mnuchin, if confirmed, will be in charge of overseeing the replacement designation process for CIT and the other 26 large regional banks rewarded by this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this legislation and the nomination of Steve Mnuchin is a direct rebuke of Presidentelect Trump’s promise to ‘‘drain the swamp.’’ The only thing cleaner about the swamp is that the alligators will be wearing suits and ties. Millions of Americans of all political stripes are hurting. They want a more representative democracy. They want public policy designed for the public interest, not the special interests. They want a fair shake. Let’s show them we are still fighting for them. Let’s defeat this Wall Street giveaway. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), who is the chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. He is one of our toughest guys on the committee. He has got one of the toughest committees to be able to go after some of the issues that we are working on. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman LUETKEMEYER for all his hard work on what I think is an excellent bill. It is fascinating to sit in this Chamber and listen to the debate and the fearmongering that takes place. Before I get into that, let’s just take a trip down memory lane. We have to look at the financial crisis and what the Democrats chose to do, the idea that you can’t let any good crisis go to waste. There is a financial crisis, so we go to our file cabinets, we open them up, and every progressive, liberal idea we take out and put them into Dodd Frank—a 2,300page bill, a bill that was written before the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission even came out with their report on the cause of the crisis. This is a very, very simple tweak. Right now we have designations for systemically risky banks at a set assets threshold of $50 billion. Let me tell you what, I have banks in Wisconsin. They are small, regional banks—not Wall Street banks—that are getting crushed by these new rules and regulations. So all we are saying to my friends across the aisle is: You love the regulators. You think that the regulators are awesome. We are trying to empower the regulators to look at the facts on the ground and to look at the interconnectedness and complexity to determine risk, not just have a onesizefits all mentality. It is not one size fits all. We are more complex. Banks are as different as people. Let’s look at the complexity at every bank and make sure they can operate within their communities in a way that fits the risk to the financial system. This gets back to the American people. Why does this matter? Why is this not just about finance and complex rules? Because if banks can’t lend, or if they lend and you are driving up the cost of their lending, then that has a real impact on the small businesses in my community and the families in my community that can’t get a loan, or the loans they do get, the costs are going through the roof because of all the new compliance costs. The bottom line is why do we want to have increased regulatory burdens on banks that aren’t risky? Let’s have the regulators focus like a laser on the banks on Wall Street who do need the increased regulation, but not the ones that don’t. One size doesn’t fit all. Let’s work together. Let’s modify DoddFrank. This isn’t Holy Scripture. It didn’t come down from Heaven on high. It can be fixed. It is not perfect. Again—we are going to say this all day—Barney Frank even thinks the threshold is too low. It can be fixed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with my good friend, the ranking member. Commonsense reform that looks to your good friends, the regulators, to take a sound look at risk profiles, and then decide what kind of regulatory regime is necessary for the risk that is presented by each of these banks. I thank the chairman for his work. I encourage everyone on both sides of the aisle to support this commonsense bill that supports small businesses and American families to make America great again. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Wisconsin has the audacity to come to this floor and say that we are crushing these pitiful little banks with $50 billion or more. No. You are crushing the average person who gets up every morning, who goes to work, and who is trying to take care of their families and is getting ripped off by these financial institutions. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ), who is a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I am rising today in strong opposition to H.R. 6392. It is a dangerous bill that puts the economic security of millions of Americans at risk. Let’s not forget that just 8 short years ago, the lives of Americans all across the country were shaken and devastated by the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. The livelihoods of hardworking families were put at risk and millions of Americans lost their homes and saw their lifesavings wiped out all because of risky banking practices and the overgrown ‘‘too big to fail’’ banks. At that time, Republicans and Democrats railed against the travesty that these banks exacted on the American people. This bill threatens to unravel the very protections that were put in place to prevent a repeat of this economic crisis. It would gut the higher capital requirements on 27 banks that together hold over $4 trillion in assets—nearly onequarter of all banking system assets in the United States—and water down the independent authority of the Federal Reserve to regulate large bank risk. Eight years ago, the failure of large regional banks like Countrywide, Washington Mutual, and Wachovia— major subprime mortgage lenders leading up to the crisis—created shock waves throughout our financial system and hurt the American people. This bill would scale back the Federal Reserve’s ability to regulate these banks, placing greater risk and burden on the backs of the American people. I urge my colleagues to stand with the people and vote against this dangerous legislation. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), who is one of our bright and shining stars on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6392, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act, and I applaud the gentleman’s excellent work on this bill. The ranking member, my friend, says that this is not about Main Street. Let me talk about what this bill is trying to fix, the problem we are trying to solve here. DoddFrank, the legislation that my friends on the other side of the aisle are defending, has produced this: small business lending from banks is at the lowest level it has been in 20 years, and more than 75 percent of corporate treasurers in this country say that Federal regulations are stifling access to financial services. As a result, new business formation in this country is at a 35year low. This bill is about Main Street because Main Street cannot access financial services because of DoddFrank. This bill is about fixing an arbitrary provision in the DoddFrank law that harms consumers and does absolutely nothing to stabilize markets. DoddFrank directs the Financial Stability Oversight Council to designate banks as systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs. These designated institutions are subject to surcharges, additional regulation, and an implicit taxpayer bailout. That’s right, their bill is what gives Wall Street a bailout. b1400 What we are saying is: let’s focus our attention on Wall Street, but let’s get regional banks some regulatory relief so that they can serve their customers on Main Street. The primary test for systemic importance is an arbitrary threshold of $50 billion. Above that line, an institution is designated systemically important or too big to fail. Above that line, regardless of the institution’s risky activities, it is exempt. This bill that we are supporting does away with this blunt threshold and directs FSOC and its constituent agencies to consider the institution’s actual activities to determine if it actually is risky. If it is not, it deserves relief so that it can serve its customers better. Size is not the only issue. It is interconnectedness. It is risky activities. Many of these regional banks that serve my constituents in central and eastern Kentucky, not Wall Street— central and eastern Kentucky. Farmers, small business owners, and homeowners in Kentucky are being crushed and denied access to capital because of a onesizefitsall regulation from Washington. Unlike DoddFrank’s arbitrary approach, this will better promote financial stability because it actually targets the enhanced regulation to where it belongs and not on Wall Street. The bottom line is, we are hearing from regional banks around this country, in central Kentucky and other places, that the expense of complying with these enhanced regulations and the SIFI surcharge means less capital 
for deployment in mortgages, in automobile loans, and in small business loans, it means higher credit card rates, and it means fewer customer rewards. It impacts these institutions’ ability to engage in philanthropy and community development activities. Treating these regional banks as complex Wall Street firms is simply illogical. These are not multinational Wall Street firms. These are traditional banks that serve Americans on Main Street. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), one of our most thoughtful members on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6392. This bill, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act, offers a commonsense approach to the process of designating systemically important financial institutions. In doing so, it addresses a problem that Republicans and Democrats have complained about for some time. DoddFrank’s $50 billion threshold for identifying SIFIs is a crude and arbitrary way to decide which firms pose a risk to the stability of the financial system. It is important to remember that SIFI designation isn’t trivial. When a financial institution is labeled as a SIFI, it faces enhanced regulation, supervision, and costs without regard to the nature of the bank or the bank’s business. Accordingly, SIFI designation impacts a firm’s lending ability, and, therefore, the firm’s customers, and their customer’s ability to thrive. If we really care about protecting financial stability and having a healthy financial system, we have a responsibility to pursue a fairer, more transparent, and more accurate process. The approach set forth under H.R. 6392 represents a more rational process for evaluating financial institutions, as opposed to the Washington tradition of onesizefitsall. Under this bill, the Financial Stability Oversight Council will be required to look at not only the size of a financial institution but also its interconnectedness, complexity, crossjurisdictional activity, and availability of substitutes. Keep in mind that banks designated as SIFIs today may still be designated as SIFIs under this new approach. This bill’s reforms will inject the FSOC’s SIFI designation process with greater clarity and fairness, and it will result in more appropriately targeted regulatory efforts. I commend Chairman LUETKEMEYER  for his work on this important issue, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill in its original form. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. AL GREEN). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, let’s take a look at this size question because $50 billion was selected for a reason, and the reason is this: If you don’t have a threshold, we knew at the time, as we know now, that you won’t get any banks designated because the banks are going to sue, and they are going to tie you up in court. Well, maybe some will not, but you are going to have a real fight on your hands getting them to be designated, and it can take 2 to 4 years to get it done. Looking at the banks that are covered, only three of the banks covered are in the $50billion range. The top 15 are over $100 billion, and the top bank is about a half trillion dollars. Again, only in Washington, D.C., would this kind of money—a half trillion dollars for one bank—be considered small change. We cannot allow the banks to dominate the process. We put the process in the hands of the banks when the regulators have to take them on one at a time. Finally, what is wrong with telling a bank, ‘‘You have to tell us how to eliminate you if you become a systemic risk’’? That is what DoddFrank does. This bill eliminates the ability of FSOC to determine and tell banks that they must give up. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), one of our hardest working members on the committee. Mr. TIPTON. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) for offering this important piece of legislation under consideration today. The bipartisan Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act replaces an arbitrary asset threshold with an indicatorbased approach, which will better assist the Financial Stability Oversight Council in determining the true systemic risk of a financial institution. It is a mistake for regulators to continue regulating a $50billion bank in the same way they regulate trillion dollar global systemically important institutions. In fact, this view is shared among regulators and legislators. Comptroller Curry, Federal Reserve Board member Tarullo, Senator SHERROD BROWN , and even former Chairman Barney Frank have all made public comments agreeing that the $50 billion SIFI threshold is not the best determination for imposing heightened prudential standards. This bill introduces a better, analysisdriven approach, requiring the council to require metrics already established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision when it identifies Global Systemically Important Banks. The Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act will stop the current regulatory model of needlessly increasing compliance costs and forcing institutions to decrease financial services. By ensuring that the SIFI designation process takes into account indicator factors, financial institutions that were not the cause of the financial crisis will once again be able to fully serve their communities. Not only will this legislation provide relief for stable financial institutions, but it will also allow regulators to focus their resources, working with institutions that pose an actual systemic risk to the financial system. It is important to note that this legislation does not strip the FSOC of designation powers. It is concerning that some groups oppose a bill that encourages the council to use accepted measuring standards to justify a SIFI designation. Systemic importance should be determined by appropriate criteria rather than by an arbitrary line that has no justifiable purpose. To advocate for the status quo, and against this legislation, shows a fundamental misunderstanding of the financial system and systemic risk. I am happy to lend my support to this bill and encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense measure. I, again, thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) for his leadership on this measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. BLACK ). The gentleman from Missouri has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. LOVE). Again, we have a good crop of young folks on our committee, and she is one of those bright stars for us. Mrs. LOVE. Madam Speaker, we have before us a solution to regulation that causes real harm to an important financial institution, especially in my State, Zions Bancorporation, which supports the financial needs of many families and businesses throughout Utah and the Western States. Last year, Zions Bancorporation chairman and CEO, Harris Simmons, spoke about increased compliance costs his institution has to face as a result of the enhanced prudential standards requirements of the DoddFrank Act. Specifically, Zions has had to divert resources to add nearly 500 additional fulltime staff to areas such as compliance, internal audits, credit administration, and enterprise risk management. Mr. Simmons also testified at the House Financial Services’ Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee that these increased compliance costs are offset by reductions in other areas of the organization. Many of them are consumerfacing 
functions. In other words, Zions Bank had to move resources away from lending to customers and consumer service because of these extra regulations. Yet, Zions is one of the smallest SIFIs, with a business model centered on very traditional banking activities, primarily commercial lending with a particular focus on lending to smaller businesses. I support H.R. 6392. It allows banks like Zions Bank to get back to what they do best. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), who brings a wealth of financial services background to the committee. Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman and congratulate him on this constructive bill. This bill today is not about dangerous agendas, greed, signing bonuses, or wholesale exemptions of regulation for 27 big banks—not at all. This bill is about using common sense and taking off the autopilot that is in DoddFrank, which designates our SIFIs on size alone. In fact, it includes all the factors that should be considered for institutions that might present a systemic risk. This is a bipartisan bill that has support on both sides of the aisle. Former Chairman Frank’s comments have been read into the RECORD , but how about Governor Dan Tarullo: ‘‘Resolution planning and the quite elaborate requirements of our supervisory stress testing process do not seem to me to be necessary for banks between $50 billion and $100 billion in assets.’’ Tom Curry, our comptroller of the currency: ‘‘The better approach is to use an asset figure as a first screen and give discretion to the supervisors based on the risks in the business plan and operations.’’ And Senator SHERROD BROWN , certainly a supporter of DoddFrank: ‘‘I do agree that some banks above $50 billion should not be regulated like Wall Street megabanks.’’ I support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Here we are in the lameduck session of Congress, and we are signaling to special interests all the giveaways that are about to come with Republicans in control of Washington. And we do this just after the Presidentelect selected a man to head the Treasury Department whose bank has been accused of redlining and violating the Fair Housing Act, whose bank was responsible for about 40 percent of reverse mortgage foreclosures in 2009 to 2014, and whose bank was characterized by a New York judge as engaging in harsh, repugnant, shocking, and repulsive acts against debtors. Donald Trump ran a campaign on antiWall Street rhetoric, but appointing a former hedge fund manager, Goldman Sachs, executive and bank CEO, as Treasury Secretary shows his true colors. Mr. Mnuchin is a Wall Street insider with ties to big banks that have a troubling past of putting profits ahead of consumers and taxpayers. Mnuchin, during his time at OneWest, during his time, foreclosed on homes of 36,000 families. Mr. Mnuchin now sits on the board of CIT, which bought his former bank. Mnuchin took a reported $10.9million payout when the merger was completed. CIT’s regulatory filings indicate that the bank provides Mr. Mnuchin with annual compensation of $4.5 million for each of 2015, 2016, and 2017, which gives a base salary of $800,000, shortterm incentives of $1.4 million, and longterm incentives of $2.3 million. That is 88 times the household income of the average American family. What is worse, CIT is a megabank, and, instead of paying back taxpayers, it went bankrupt, like many of Mr. Trump’s failed businesses. b1415 Mnuchin is a man who got rich off of the foreclosure crisis and taxpayer bailouts again—not unlike Mr. Trump himself—and he will now have oversight over significant swaps of our financial regulatory system. H.R. 6392, in particular, is President elect Trump’s and the congressional GOP’s first effort to deregulate Wall Street since the election. This bill stands to benefit just 27 banks in the United States, and one of those banks is Mr. Mnuchin’s bank, CIT. In fact, CIT just recently completed a merger with OneWest, which made Mr. Mnuchin rich. That merger also pushed CIT over the $50billion threshold that would make the bank subject to DoddFrank rules. Rather than submit to more stringent regulation, CIT is trying to grease the skids to get favorable treatment in Congress so that its megamerger won’t come with any strings attached. Specifically, this legislation would eliminate CIT from being subjected to more stringent DoddFrank rules related to capital, liquidity, risk management, living wills, stress testing, and other crucial requirements that prevent bailouts. What is more, the legislation would take authority to regulate banks away from our independent regulators and hand that power over to this man, who I am telling you all about, who has a history of proving to have not only foreclosed on a lot of innocent homeowners, but who is, maybe, I think, under investigation now by HUD. Again, this legislation would take the authority to regulate banks away from our independent regulators and would hand that power over to him. Mr. Mnuchin would now, per H.R. 6392, be in the driver’s seat to determine which banks get regulated and how. That means he could give special favors to his bank while ignoring similarly situated banks, not to mention our financial stability. My friends on the opposite side of the aisle will tell us: Oh, that is a bailout we had to do in order to keep this country from going into a depression. You force taxpayers to make that bailout—to pay for it. Now here we are today with a Presidentelect who pays no taxes. So why would he be worried about whether or not we have a bailout? I would say this is one of the worst bills that is going to come before us; but just like Mr. HENSARLING said: We ain’t seen nothing yet. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Just to recap, the DoddFrank came into being as a result of the crisis. One of the solutions was to be able to fine systemically important financial institutions before they brought the economy down. Coming up with the SIFI definition was one way to do that. The problem was that the SIFI designation was too large and was being impacted in too many different and wrongful ways. Even DoddFrank’s original author, Barney Frank, recognized that with his testimony this past week as well as in our committee. The metrics that we have in the bill are very simple. They are things that are used by the Financial Stability Board and by the Office of Financial Research when they look at global SIFIs. The CIT and OneWest merger that the ranking member keeps talking about are metrics that were used by the regulators to determine whether that was something they should be doing. We are not reinventing the wheel here. What we are doing is taking the burden off of the midsized regional banks, which is causing fewer products and services to be able to be provided to the customers at an increased cost; so I ask for the passage of the bill. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 PRINTED IN PART B OF HOUSE  
Mr. DAVIDSON. Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk that would ensure the integrity of H.R. 6392, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. DAVIDSON. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 2
1⁄2minutes. Today’s bill spells out the criteria the Financial Stability Oversight Council, FSOC, must use in determining institutions of systemic risk. My amendment will prevent the Federal Reserve and the Treasury from blindly implementing new regulations proposed by an international entity, whether coming from the Basel Commission or from the unelected bureaucrats on the Financial Stability Board. When Congress begins to apply international standards, we need to make certain that executive agencies don’t overreach by simply ratifying every decision that is made internationally. Recently, the Treasury and the Fed have been found to have made determinations that mirror the standards issued by the Financial Stability Board but without sufficient review—simply rubberstamping them. They have gone along with the decisions that have been made by international unelected bureaucrats and, in the process, have harmed our regional and community banks and Americans’ access to credit. Similar concerns have been raised by U.S. insurance companies. That is why Mr. LUETKEMEYER is also sponsoring legislation to make sure that these onesizefitsall regulations are not used to supersede our Statebased insurance regulations here in the United States. H.R. 6392 will provide the necessary relief and transparency that is needed in these systemic risk designations. I am proud to offer this amendment to clarify that our Federal agencies cannot use the loophole of international recommendations to expand their powers and subject our community and local banks to even more burdensome regulations. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, this bill outsources our domestic regulation by the Federal Reserve and hands it over to an international group of regulators known as the Financial Stability Board, or the FSB, to determine which banks should be regulated by our regulators. It says this international body should decide which banks are regulated, not the United States Congress. The U.S. is just one member nation among many represented on the FSB, and the Republicans have often criticized this board of regulators for being ‘‘shadowy’’ and not sufficiently deferential to American interests. Currently, the FSB makes determinations on which global banks are systemically significant—not significant to the U.S., but to the entire global economy. This legislation imports those determinations and sets our domestic regulation on autopilot. If the international regulators say you are important, then this bill would grandfather you into DoddFrank. If not, then you get the big giveaway of deregulation. This amendment rightfully says that the U.S. shouldn’t be giving away our sovereignty over our economy to international regulators, but the amendment fails to have the courage of its convictions. Curiously, it says that nothing in this bill shall broadly apply international regulatory standards to the U.S., with an exception for the part of the bill that applies international regulatory standards to the U.S. In summary, Democrats who oppose the deregulation of big banks should oppose H.R. 6392, and Republicans who oppose outsourcing our regulation to foreign bureaucrats should oppose H.R. 6392. This amendment does nothing to solve this fundamental issue in the bill, and this legislation is still deeply problematic even if the amendment is accepted. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DAVIDSON. Madam Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKE MEYER ). Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ) for his interest and for his authoring this amendment. Madam Speaker, the amendment makes clear that H.R. 6392 should not be construed to allow international standards to be imposed on U.S. institutions. The underlying bill, in two separate places, does rely on a similar framework that is utilized by the Basel Commission and that is used by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury in an effort to ensure that the largest U.S. banks maintain their SIFI designations. Beyond these provisions, however, it would be highly inappropriate for any international body to use H.R. 6392 to impose any standard on a U.S. entity. It is important to make the point, as we advocate today for riskbased supervision, that we avoid any sort of blanket approach that is so commonly seen out of international regulatory bodies. In the case of foreign banks in their doing business in the United States, for example, the $50billion threshold and its interpretation by the Federal Reserve results in a huge number of banks being treated as SIFIs despite the fact that many of them have under $10 billion in assets. As we consider these designations, we need to avoid onesizefitsall models and look at factors like comparable homecountry standards before we move forward on enhanced prudential regulation. I hope we can address some of these issues in the next Congress and that we can work with international regulators, particularly those in the European Union, to avoid the escalation of the ongoing standoff on bank capital rules. We should work collaboratively to inject commonsense into financial regulation that will protect U.S. taxpayers and the financial system without constricting economic growth. Mr. DAVIDSON. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill and on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ). The question is on the amendment by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I object to the dispensing of the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection is heard. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I reserve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Madam Speaker, make no mistake. This bill is the opening salvo in the Trump plan to dismantle DoddFrank. The House Republicans have been trying for 6 years, ever since we passed Wall Street reform; and on the eve of the Presidentelect’s taking office, this is their big chance to deregulate 27 of the Nation’s largest banks. This bill would strip rules around capital, liquidity, stress testing, and living wills—key components to guard against catastrophic bank failures. These are not community banks. No. These are $50, $100, $200, and $400billion banks that engage in exotic products like ‘‘pickapayment,’’ which is when you choose how much you want to pay; and ‘‘negative amortization’’ loans, which is when, incredibly, the loan principal goes up, not down, leading up to the financial crisis. b1430 This bill would strip Fed Chair Janet Yellen of the Fed’s independent authority and hand it over to Trump’s Wall Street Treasury Secretary, a man who foreclosed on 36,000 families when he ran this bank, a man who has been accused of redlining and fair lending discrimination by civil rights and advocacy groups, a man who would be handed the authority to deregulate the bank on whose board he now serves, if this bill became law. But those conflicts of interest are par for the course in this incoming administration. Presidentelect Donald Trump has more conflicts of interest than any incoming President in the history of this country. Trump’s soninlaw and close adviser, Jared Kushner, has hundreds of millions of dollars in loans outstanding from domestic and foreign banks and has obtained development financing through a controversial U.S. program that sells green cards. Legal scholars believe Trump’s lease with the government over the Old Post Office Building where his hotel in Washington, D.C., stands will trigger a breach of contract and a conflict of interest the moment he is sworn in. And Trump may even violate the Constitution on the day he takes office, with formerPresident Bush’s ethics lawyer saying that foreign diplomats staying in his hotels would be an unlawful foreign gift. Madam Speaker, this amendment highlights yet another conflict of interest we are facing. Presidentelect Trump is deeply indebted to Deutsche Bank. Over the past two decades, Deutsche Bank has been a lender or a co lender in at least $2.5 billion in loans to Donald Trump or his companies. Here is a sampling of Trump’s indebtedness to Deutsche: The businesses within Trump’s network currently owe Deutsche Bank nearly $360 million in outstanding principal, including $125 million for his Florida golf course, up to $69 million for his Chicago highrise, and a $170 million line of credit used to fund the development of his new hotel in Washington, DC. This legislation, H.R. 6392, deregulates huge megabanks representing almost 30 percent of the assets currently subject to stricter rules under DoddFrank. In the bill, it is possible that the U.S. operations of global megabanks—megabanks like Deutsche Bank—would also be deregulated. And with Donald Trump’s appointments interpreting the law, I suspect they will indeed deregulate these global megabanks. Why is this important? Well, it is important because Deutsche Bank has a potential $14 billion settlement with the Department of Justice pending related to toxic mortgages they packaged and sold leading up to the financial crisis. They sliced and diced subprime loans and duped not only homeowners, but unsuspecting investors. Just like Presidentelect Trump, they saw the specter of a foreclosure crisis and financial collapse as a business opportunity, not a human tragedy. After Trump’s election, news headlines said that Deutsche Bank stood to get a windfall because the new sheriffs in town would go easy on them. This amendment says enough is enough. While the Trump Justice Department may give Deutsche Bank a break, the United States Congress will not stand idly by and let Trump’s conflicts of interest grease the skids for powerful interests in Washington. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, I claim time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Missouri is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Madam Speaker, just to highlight some comments here with regard to the ranking member’s last discussion on this point of order, we believe the motion to recommit has absolutely nothing to do with financial stability. Title 1 of the bill deals with operational standards of bank holding companies. This bill we are working with deals directly with how regulators deal with banks. A pending lawsuit has nothing to do with the financial stability of this bank. This may belong somewhere else in the DoddFrank bill, but it doesn’t belong in here. With regards to the underlying bill as well, Madam Speaker, to reiterate some of the points that have been discussed already, we have a situation where the fix for the crisis of 2008 was DoddFrank, as was spoken to eloquently by some of my colleagues. Some of the fixes—no bill we put together around here is ever perfect. There are always problems with it. It always needs to be tweaked down the road. This particular issue we are talking about today, systemically important designation of institutions, was part of a solution to try and be able to identify banks, by definition, that would bring down the entire economy so this couldn’t ever happen again. If we have a big bank go down, it could be of such a size and magnitude and connectedness that it would bring down the entire economy. One of the unintended consequences of this is that these regulations have rolled downhill to small, midsized banks. It was unintended, but they are a consequence. Barney Frank, the author of the bill, has said on numerous occasions—in fact, in our committee, he testified to the fact that this is an unintended consequence—it should be fixed. That is what this bill does. It fixes that problem. These unintended consequences of all these rules and regulations, which carry costs with them, are rolling downhill to these midsized regional banks; and even at that, they are rolling below that, below 50. If you are talking $10 billion to $50 billion banks, they will tell you that all of the things that the midsized banks above are dealing with, they are dealing with that as well. So these regulations that are supposed to be for the big banks—a trillion dollars and over or whatever—are rolling all the way downhill to the small banks, the small community banks. Now, they will argue about the fact that $50 billion is an arbitrary figure. It is something we need to keep. That is a big bank. I am sorry. Madam Speaker, I was a regulator in my former life, and I was a banker in a former life. I can tell you that is a big bank, but that is not something that is going to bring down the economy unless they are interconnected. The metrics in my bill say that if they are interconnected—they have got all sorts of other risky actions they are engaged in—$50 billion is not going to do it. Things that you have to look at are size and all these other criteria that we have in here. And these are not criteria pulled out of the air. These are criteria that the Federal Stability Board uses, that the Office of Financial Research uses when they look at GSIBs, which are global SIBs. So these are analysis tools that are there and have been there for a long time. Why not give the examiners, the regulators, these tools? I can tell you, as a regulator, they already do this. A while ago, the point was made it takes the regulator about 12 months, in my bill, to come up with these designations. The regulators already do this. 
They have got the information in hand. There is no reason that they can’t do this in a 12month period. I have been there. I have done that. It is easy to do. They have the information. So what we are doing is taking existing criteria and asking them to look at the risk and the business model of this particular entity to see if it is something that is big enough and connected enough to go down. $50 billion is not someplace where a bank should be that it is going to cause the entire economy to collapse, no way. Common sense will tell you that. So, to close out here very quickly, I think that we have a situation where these regulations are costing money to the consumers, to the businesses that the banks lend to. One quick factoid is 75 percent of the banks before Dodd Frank had free checking, now only 37 percent. Those are just some of the facts, as they roll downhill, that show that these regulations are having a negative effect on our economy and our local communities. The banks we are talking about are not the gigantic interconnected globals, folks. These are large community banks, which is basically what they all are, that serve communities and momandpop shops. We want to keep them in business. We want to keep our communities growing. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RECOMMIT ON H. RES. 933, PROVIDING AMOUNTS FOR FURTHER EXPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE IN THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H. Res. 933 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. WAGNER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. PROVIDING AMOUNTS FOR FURTHER EXPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE IN THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, by direction of the Committee on House Administration, I call up the resolution (H. Res. 933) providing amounts for further expenses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: H. R ES. 933 Resolved, 
For further expenses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce (hereafter in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, there shall be paid out of the applicable accounts of the House of Representatives not more than $800,000. 
Payments under this resolution shall be made on vouchers authorized by the Committee, signed by the Chairman of the Committee, and approved in the manner directed by the Committee on House Administration. 
Amounts made available under this resolution shall be expended in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Committee on House Administration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ) is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRADY ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous matter in the RECORD on the consideration of H. Res. 933, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 933, a resolution that authorizes additional funds for the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s budget for the remainder of the 114th Congress. Last year, on October 7, the House passed, by a majority vote, a measure creating a Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives within the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Our committee has the responsibility to ensure that each committee of the House has sufficient resources to fulfill their assigned oversight duties. Last year, our committee transferred funds from the committee reserve account to the Energy and Commerce Committee so that the panel could begin its work. An additional transfer was made earlier this year. These funds were allocated based on the full committee’s need to fulfill its mission. These initial transfers were insufficient to cover the costs associated with the select panel. The measure before us on the House floor today will rectify this situation and allow the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives to continue to operate until the end of this Congress. b1445 Passing this measure to provide additional funds is an institutional responsibility. If we do not allocate these additional funds, the work of the entire Committee on Energy and Commerce, both for the majority and minority, would grind to a halt. The committee would be unable to complete its vital work. This work covers important areas, such as electronic communications, environmental protection, and health care. We saw this week the important work of the committee in the 21st Century Cures Act. There are differences of opinion on the creation of the select investigative panel. However, we are not here to relitigate a decision that the House made more than a year ago but to fulfill our institutional responsibilities. It is my hope that we will swiftly pass this measure today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to this resolution and in opposition to the existence of the panel generally. It has been nothing more than a partisan witch hunt that will ultimately cost taxpayers over a million dollars and has found no wrongdoing by the people it was created to investigate. Three House committees and 13 States have launched their own similar investigations and came to the same conclusion. The panel has been a onesided operation from the start, with the majority failing to consult and inform the minority on official actions and withholding panel records and documents. The dangers of this panel go far beyond simply wasting taxpayer money. It is a direct assault on women’s health care and the right to choose. The panel’s actions also put at risk the lives of researchers working to find cures to our most debilitating and deadly diseases. It is my hope that this is the last we hear of it. Madam Speaker, I yield 26 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), and ask unanimous consent that she be permitted to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ), the chairman of the select investigative panel. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, the select investigative panel was formed to investigate areas that, prior to the revelations of undercover journalists, received too little attention. For most of us, it is nothing short of an outrage that Planned Parenthood and other abortion clinics supplement their budgets by selling the leftover parts of babies they have aborted. This Chamber charged the panel with investigating fetal tissue trafficking, second and third trimester abortion practices, the standard of care for infants who survive abortions, and the role our taxpayer dollars play in this sector of society. Over the last year, we have held hearings that explored the bioethics surrounding fetal tissue use, and that revealed the sobering reality of how fetal tissue is priced. Our investigation revealed four models by which the subjects of our investigation implicate serious public policy concerns. The first, the middleman model, comprises a middleman and tissue procurer that obtains tissue directly from a source such as an abortion clinic or hospital and then transfers the tissue to a customer, usually a university researcher. As the example of StemExpress illustrates, the procurement company would embed a lab technician inside an abortion clinic, where the technician would receive the day’s orders for body parts at specified gestation periods, access patient files in violation of women’s HIPAA privacy rights, and collect the tissue. Then the technician would receive pay and even bonuses based on the tissue she secured. A second model, the university clinic model, reveals the cozy relationship between abortion clinics and research institutions, most of them State universities funded by the taxpayers. The clinic provides the university the tissue used for research. The university adopts the clinic doctors as faculty members, giving them benefits regardless of whether they actually teach. And, in many cases, thanks to programs like the Ryan Fellowship, medical students are deployed to abortion clinics to be trained as the next generation of abortion providers. The panel’s investigation into a third model, the lateterm abortion clinic, revealed the appalling absence of mechanisms or procedures to safeguard those infants who survive the abortion procedure. Put bluntly, even though we have the BornAlive Infants Protection Act and the prohibition of partial birth abortion on the books, they are not enforced. Fourth, the panel investigated the model by which Federal tax dollars make their way to abortion clinics, typically by Medicaid payments under title XIX, and fetal tissue researchers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, to provide just a snapshot of the 51 known external audits of Planned Parenthood clinics, nearly all found title XIX overpayments for family planning and reproductive health service claims. The overbilling totalled more than $8.5 million, and that is without counting several False Claims Act lawsuits that allege millions more in overbilling. Consider all that our panel has identified, despite having just barely a year—even less by the time we were fully staffed—to conduct the investigation. It is now up to us to build on the work, to hold the government accountable, and to stop these affronts to human dignity. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for yielding the time to me, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation to fund the select investigative panel, the panel that we call the select panel to attack women’s health. It really shouldn’t come as any surprise that one of the very first things that the Republicans have done coming back now to Washington is to approve additional funding for this select so called investigative panel, doubling its budget and putting it on track to spend nearly $1.6million taxpayer funds by the end of this year. This investigation is essentially built on a pack of lies that are perpetrated by antiabortion extremists and has never been and has no chance of becoming a factbased investigation. The panel Republicans have continually relied on, even today, doctored videotapes, socalled evidence, even though that evidence and those videotapes have been discredited already by three House committees, 13 States, and a Texas grand jury. Throughout this investigation, Republicans have abused congressional authority, issuing 42 unilateral subpoenas in violation of House rules, demanding that clinics and universities name names of their doctors, students, and staff, and releasing some of these names knowing that doing so puts lives in danger, a truly McCarthyesque attack on individuals. They have compared researchers to Nazi war criminals and echoed the words of antiabortion activists that were also used by a gunman who shot 12 people, killing 3 at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs. Despite Republicans’ failure to find any evidence of wrongdoing, they continue to make inflammatory, grotesque allegations to justify the panel’s existence, and, by their words and actions, have put lifesaving research and women’s health care at risk. The panel has already had a chilling effect on research, drying up the supply of needed tissue for research on multiple sclerosis and threatening research on other diseases from A to Z, Alzheimer’s to Zika. Fetal tissue research has historically had broad, bipartisan support. It is the basis for key vaccines that have saved, literally, millions and millions of lives, including the polio vaccine. That is why over 60 of our Nation’s leading medical institutions released an open letter in support of scientific research using fetal tissue. We cannot afford to let a set of reckless and irresponsible claims stop this vital medical research. This panel and its investigation are a disgrace to this House of Representatives. We need to end this dangerous and unjustified witch hunt, and, instead of providing more funding for this divisive and dangerous inquisition, Congress should shut down this panel and put an end to its shameful proceedings. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS). Mr. PITTS. I thank the gentleman. As a member of the select investigative panel, I rise in support of H. Res. 933. Madam Speaker, after the release of the undercover videos of Planned Parenthood, one little known tissue procurement company became a household name: StemExpress. They are one of the biggest players in the sale of abortedbaby body parts in the United States. In clear violation of the intent of Federal law, they promise profits to abortion clinics in return for otherwise discarded—and I will use their quote— products of conception. The select panel learned that in order to make as much tissue available for sale as possible, and thus rake in huge profits, StemExpress sought to contract with the National Abortion Federation. Contracting with this network of abortion clinics would mean access to thousands of baby body parts, which StemExpress could procure, then turn around and sell at huge markups. Our investigation found that they had created a dropdown menu—here is a copy of part of it—on their Web site, such as one might find on Amazon.com, to facilitate their sales. Their buyers could select the gestational age, the type of tissue, and the number of specimens. For example, you could select three 12weekold baby scalps, twelve 14weekold baby brains, one 15week pair of baby eyes, or seven 16week baby livers, to name just a few of the combinations. For crying out loud, this is the Amazon.com of baby body parts. It is outrageous. It is disgusting. It is a very disturbing practice that has been tucked away and out of sight for too long. The CEO of StemExpress told one undercover journalist over lunch and a glass of wine that some of the buyers’ lab techs ‘‘freak out and have meltdowns’’ when they see little baby hands and little baby feet attached to an order of limbs. So she makes sure her techs cut off the hands and the feet before shipping off boxes of these body 
parts. It is this callous, dark talk that has so many Americans concerned with the state of research in our country. The select panel is proud to support lifesaving ethical research, but, like the rest of America, my colleagues and I know that ethical boundaries do exist, and I hope StemExpress’ research will cease to come at the expense of unborn children who have had no say in the socalled donation of their body parts. Many years from now, we will look back on this practice as a dark and horrible time where humanity and human dignity lost to financial profits. We must end this horrific practice. I urge support for this resolution. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), the distinguished member on our team of the select panel. Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Madam Speaker, from start to finish, this select panel has abused congressional power in order to intimidate and threaten private people and entities engaged in legal businesses in constitutionally protected health care. Republicans on the select panel have now spent $1.5 million on this socalled investigation. What do they have to show the American people for spending their hardearned tax dollars? They have not presented any evidence that any entity broke the law surrounding fetal tissue donation or research. They have not presented any evidence that any entity or physician engaged in the horrifying behavior of which Republicans accuse them. We have heard today on this floor, as we have repeatedly from the select panel, the oft proven lies that Planned Parenthood sold fetal tissue for profit. We have heard the lie that the clearly doctored and disproven videotapes bore some relationship to reality. b1500 We have heard today on this floor, as we have repeatedly from the select panel, the oft disproved lies that Planned Parenthood sold fetal tissue for profit. We have heard the lie that the clearly doctored and disproved videotapes bore some relationship to reality. We have heard the disproved lie that StemExpress procured fetal tissue not for lifesaving medical research, but for profit. The Republicans have wasted countless hours and millions of dollars running in circles after evidence that doesn’t exist. They have insisted over and over again that entities name names, with no promise or plan to protect those individuals; and when asked to explain why they needed names, they simply refused to answer. When Republicans on the panel did get names, they released some of them publicly, even though they knew that doing so would expose the doctors, researchers, and other private individuals to harassment, threats, and even murder. The Republicans on the panel have repeatedly made baseless accusations of wrongdoing, with no concern for the consequences. They have had a chilling effect on lifesaving medical research through their intimidation tactics. They have flown in the face of congressional rules and abused congressional power to meet their own blatantly partisan ends. And now the Republicans on the select panel have the audacity to ask for more taxpayer money to fund this witch hunt. In words once addressed to the last Member of Congress to so clearly violate congressional authority, Senator Joseph McCarthy, I ask my Republican colleagues: ‘‘At long last, have you no sense of decency?’’ I call on all of my colleagues today to remember their decency. This grotesque and murderous panel should have been shut down long ago. Vote against the previous question, vote against this absurd funding bill, and stand up for the American taxpayer and for the dignity of this institution. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ). Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, one of the striking discoveries we have made in this investigation has been the sheer number of laws implicated by the troubling actions of abortion providers, tissue procurement businesses, and researchers. One such law is the HIPAA privacy rule. The panel’s investigation uncovered a series of business contracts between StemExpress, which is a tissue procurement business that is not covered by HIPAA, and several abortion clinics that are. StemExpress paid fees to the abortion clinics for fetal tissue and maternal blood and then resold the fetal tissue and the blood to researchers. Here is a quick HIPAA privacy tutorial: The HIPAA privacy rule protects all individually identifiable health information, known as protected health information, or PHI, that is held or transmitted by a covered entity. This information identifies an individual or can reasonably be believed to be useful in identifying an individual, such as a name or an address, and includes demographic data related to her physical or mental health, condition, treatment, and payments. The panel’s investigation indicates that StemExpress and four abortion clinics, including three Planned Parenthood locations, committed systemic violations of a HIPAA privacy rule over a course of about 5 years. The abortion clinics provided patients’ private, protected health information to StemExpress to help them obtain human fetal tissue for resale. How did they do this? Well, the abortion clinics permitted the employees of StemExpress to enter their clinics to obtain human fetal tissue from the aborted infants, obtain protected health information about their patients, interact with the patients, and, yes, even seek and obtain patient consent for the tissue donation. StemExpress did not have a medically valid reason to see, and the abortion clinics did not have a reason to disclose, the patients’ private information. Instead, the abortion clinics intentionally shared patients’ most intimate private information with StemExpress to financially benefit StemExpress and the clinics. The panel has made a referral of each of these entities to the Department of Health and Human Services and has requested a swift and full investigation by the HHS Office for Civil Rights. But more importantly, we have discovered a deeply concerning violation of a law that protects the most cherished privacy rights. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I just find it so hypocritical that the majority is talking about putting peoples’ private names out into the public when we have had people who have been attacked and lives threatened as a result of them putting names out there. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE), another distinguished member of our select panel. Ms. DELBENE. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition. This resolution provides an additional $800,000 of taxpayer money to a select investigative panel that should never have been created in the first place. As a member of that panel, I can tell you it has been nothing more than a bully pulpit for the majority to spread extreme antichoice falsehoods and fabrications, with no basis in reality. This socalled investigation has repeatedly shown contempt for the facts and disdain for the truth. Instead of carrying out a fair and evidencebased process, the panel has spent the last year publicly targeting women’s healthcare providers, bullying scientists and medical students, delaying medical research, and trying to cut off lines of scientific inquiry, all because the majority opposes a woman’s constitutional right to choose. Now we are voting to double the panel’s budget. It is ridiculous. No one in this Chamber should be condoning this kind of harassment and intimidation, let alone approving hundreds of thousands of additional taxpayer dollar to do so. This has been a brazenly partisan and ideological witch hunt, and it should have been shut down months ago. Rather than wasting another $800,000 on this dangerous panel, Congress could use that money to provide more than 270,000 school lunches to lowincome students, purchase nearly 12,000 textbooks to make higher education more affordable for college students, or purchase more than 3 million diapers to help new mothers care for their babies. But instead, that money will go toward intimidating doctors, harassing researchers, and delaying the progress of science. It is shameful. 
We shouldn’t throw good many after bad by passing this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), who is a medical doctor. Mr. BUCSHON. Madam Speaker, this is about infant lives, but I would like address what else it is about. It is about science and research. The other side seems to only want to focus on politics and scare tactics. From the beginning, we recognized the other side would try to avert attention from our investigation by falsely claiming we are opposed to science. As a doctor, I find that offensive, and I think it is a dangerous practice to introduce fear into important scientific debates. Every member of the panel is committed to medical research that finds cures. The rhetoric that we are opposed to cures for Zika, HIV, Alzheimer’s, or Parkinson’s is just ridiculous and wrong. The United States of America is a global leader in scientific research. We should all be proud of the research enterprise in our country and support it with tax dollars. The House Select Panel on Infant Lives shares this support. We are strongly committed to promoting both basic and clinical research. The goal of the House select panel is not to oppose science but, rather, to determine how best to support science so that this important work can advance as rapidly as possible without ethical compromise. As the history of biomedical research in the 20th century clearly demonstrates, when scientific research is separated from ethics or the law, grave injustice can occur. We here in Congress, like the rest of Americans, care deeply about protecting the rights of patients and ensuring ethical oversight of research procedures. These are not meant to ‘‘hinder’’ advances in science but, rather, to ensure that the scientific enterprise more perfectly fulfills its promise to society by advancing in a manner that is both just and ethical. Through the panel’s investigation, we have discovered inaccuracies about the role of human fetal tissue and have sought to correct them to realistically address the obstacles facing research. Any argument from the 1950s—or even the 1990s, for that matter—about biomedical research is outdated, and the actual record is clear: human fetal tissue did not directly result in a vaccine for diseases like measles. Similarly, the Nobel Prize was not awarded for curing polio using human fetal tissue. In fact, of the 75 vaccines in use today, not one was produced using fetal tissue. Furthermore, the NIH has not funded fetal tissue transplant grants for nearly 10 years. That should tell us something. We examined 30 major grants that were funded by the NIH over the last 5 years and found that human fetal tissue research represents only a tiny fraction of the overall scientific enterprise. In fact, only 0.2 percent used human fetal tissue. Hysterical calls for enhanced fetal tissue research through expanded abortion licenses are a matter of politics, not medicine or science. A small subset of NIHfunded grants use fetal tissue to study things like birth defects. These types of grants represent only 1 in 100,000. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. BUCSHON. Tissue or cells for these studies could be derived from another source than aborted babies, like premature natural demise infants whose parents are willing to donate. The other grants use fetal tissue when alternatives are easily available, like placenta, cord blood, or modified adult stem cells. Some grants even study adult macular degeneration. Research on adult macular degeneration should be conducted on adult donor eyes, but these grants are instead using fetal eyes from aborted infants—not because of science, but because of convenience. Madam Speaker, I know these things can be uncomfortable to discuss, but that is why the other side wants to avoid the facts and that is why this debate is so important. It is about conducting medical research in an ethical and just manner. So let’s sit down and talk science with the NIH and others so that research works for everyone in an ethical and moral way. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Mississippi has 14 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from Illinois has 21
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Madam Speaker, I am disappointed that we are here today asking the American taxpayers to waste another $800,000 on an unnecessary, dangerous investigation. This select panel was formed based on fraudulent videos created by anti abortion extremists to attack Planned Parenthood, an organization that has always fought for women’s rights and provides healthcare services to 3 million women and men each year. I was proud to be the first Member of Congress to speak out against these videos immediately after their release. And here we are, a year and a half later, with no evidence of wrongdoing after 17 separate investigations in three House committees, 13 States, and one grand jury. Yet Republicans continue to chase false, inflammatory allegations, at a severe cost to advances in medicine and to the safety of those involved in this lifesaving research. Panel Republicans have conducted themselves in ways reminiscent of Joe McCarthy’s abusive tactics: witnesses have been harassed and intimated during testimony; names of researchers, students, clinical personnel, and doctors have been released publicly, placing their lives in great danger; misleading ‘‘exhibits’’ have been manufactured; critical documents have been withheld from Democrats; and Republicans have continued to fan the flames of antiabortion extremism with their inflammatory rhetoric. Let us not forget the horrible tragedy that occurred in a Colorado Planned Parenthood clinic where a gunman shot 12 people and killed 3, echoing the same antiabortion rhetoric used by Republicans to this day. What this investigation truly is is an attack on women’s rights and women’s access to legal health services. The select panel comes at a time when Republicans have repeatedly voted to defund Planned Parenthood, eliminate family planning services, and restrict access to abortions. This investigation dishonors this institution and hurts the American people that Congress is elected to serve. Let’s put an end to the witch hunt, stop wasting taxpayer dollars, and reject this resolution. b1515 Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, the Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives investigation has uncovered many valid concerns and potential law violations that are disturbing, horrific, and unacceptable. In the course of our investigation, we discovered a hardness, a callousness, and a track record of deceptive tactics that some abortion clinics and fetal tissue procurers exercised toward vulnerable women. It is difficult to imagine a more vulnerable time in a woman’s life than when she is considering an abortion. What if, during that time, the woman is lied to and told that, by having an abortion, she will facilitate research that will cure tragic diseases? This is exactly the type of concern that our panel addressed during our hearing on bioethics and fetal tissue. During that hearing, I shared a consent form widely used by abortion clinics to obtain a mother’s consent to donate fetal tissue. And the form stated that research using the blood from pregnant women and tissue that has been aborted has been used to treat and find a cure for such diseases as diabetes, Parkinson’s Disease, Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, and AIDS. This is clearly false. The witness, who is an ethics expert, agreed and he said that the idea of promise of cures found in the form was a ‘‘very powerful motivator.’’ He also expressed concern that the scientific community’s standards for fetal tissue donation are absent in that consent 
form, saying, ‘‘the thoroughness of the consent seems to be missing in this form.’’ A researcher for the minority testified during the hearing. He also agreed, stating the form would not have made it past his institutional review board. Yet, this is what is being used in abortion clinics with vulnerable women. In other words, the testimony provided by both of the witnesses from the majority and the minority raised concerns that the principles embodied in ethics reports, and later incorporating the Federal regulations, are not being followed by abortion providers seeking consent for the donation of human fetal tissue. We must raise this awareness, make sure people know, and make sure that women are protected. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ), not only someone who has been such a stalwart for women’s rights and reproductive rights, but the cochair of the Pro Choice Caucus in the House of Representatives. (Ms. DEGETTE asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, so this panel was supposed to be set up to investigate the alleged sale of fetal tissue, which is illegal under current law. That didn’t turn out so well. So now, as you can hear from the other side of the aisle, they are going after fetal tissue research itself, something that has been legal and used in an ethical way since the 1930s, something which has been used to find most vaccines and other cures for diseases in this country, something which a panel appointed by President Ronald Reagan, found unanimously in 1980 to be ethical. So I want to ask, Madam Speaker, what the heck are we being asked to spend another $800,000 on? The total funding for this witch hunt and this reckless endeavor is now more than $1.5 million. We have gone after women and punished them. We have gone after medical professionals and put their lives at risk, like what happened in my neighborhood of Colorado Springs, Colorado. We have put doctors and researchers on the line, and we have had a chilling effect on important biomedical research. I say enough is enough. We need to disband this select committee. We need to continue to make sure that we have ethical medical research in this country because, frankly, that will lead to the cures that affect diseases that affect millions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, from its start, the Select Panel has been nothing but a partisan witch hunt. The apparent goal of the Select Panel is to punish and intimidate women medical professionals and researchers who are following the law. Through wanton use of subpoenas, inflammatory language and release of private information—including addresses and phone numbers where those wishing to harass health care providers can find them—the Select Panel as put many, many people at risk. It has also threatened lifesaving research and health care that these people provide. Make no mistake: this threat is very real. Clinics are picketed and firebombed, doctors and their families are targeted at their homes, and some have even been murdered. Furthermore, the Select Panel is trying to force universities and clinics to turn over the names of their researchers, graduate students, lab and clinic staff and doctors—for no legitimate congressional reason. Not since Joe McCarthy have we seen such abusive pressure tactics to ‘‘name names.’’ The Select Panel is acting as judge, jury, and executioner and endangering lives. It is time for Speaker RYANto disband this panel— rather than let it gorge even more on taxpayer funds. Like the seventeen investigations that preceded it, the Select Panel has found no evidence of wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood, other providers, researchers or the companies that facilitate lifesaving research and health care for women. The Washington Post editorial board called on Speaker RYANto disband the Select Committee months ago, noting that it ‘‘has issued indiscriminate subpoenas, intimidated witnesses and relied on misleading information. It is abusing power at taxpayer expense, and Democrats are right to demand its shutdown.’’ The paper added, ‘‘There is no legitimate reason for this inquiry.’’ The Select Panel is a waste of funds, an attack on women’s rights, a danger to lifesaving medical research and an abusive use of Congressional power for mere partisan gain. So Mr. Speaker, I say enough with the smear campaigns, fishing expeditions and endless stream of subpoenas. Congressional bullying to frighten women out of exercising their rights, and to drive researchers and healthcare providers out of business, has to stop. We in the minority have long called for the Select Committee to be disbanded before it does any more damage. I look forward to closing this shameful chapter in Congressional history at the end of this year. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ), who is also a medical doctor. Mr. HARRIS. Madam Speaker, I am glad the gentlewoman talked about the need for ethical medical research because one of our panel’s accomplishments is to show how StemExpress undermined the very foundations of ethical American scientific research. First, Federal regulations require researchers to obtain informed consent from each person used as a subject. The basic element of informed consent includes a detailed explanation of the purposes of the research for which tissue is being obtained. StemExpress, as we found, simply did not follow that requirement. HHS regulations also require that in obtaining consent, researchers ‘‘minimize the possibility of coercion or undue influence.’’ Well, StemExpress documents that we uncovered shows that its employees were already promising to deliver baby body parts even before the abortions were performed. That raises serious concerns that there may have been coercion or undue influence on women to donate parts of their aborted babies. Now, second, Federal regulations require that all research that involves human subjects needs approval from an institutional review board, or IRB. As a medical researcher, I had to file IRB applications and receive IRB approval from my university’s IRB. Now, it turns out that StemExpress received their IRB approval from a company called BioMed IRB, a California firm that is basically an online, mail order IRB that the Federal Government actually barred for 2 years because they violated FDA rules in granting their IRB approval. The FDA gave the panel its file on BioMed IRB. Madam Speaker, that file literally was more than a foot high. HHS regulations require IRBs to ‘‘prepare and maintain adequate documentation’’ of their activities, including: copies of all research proposals reviewed, records of continuing review activities, and copies of all correspondence between the IRB and the investigators, in this case, StemExpress’ founder and CEO, Cate Dyer. Now, the panel subpoenaed BioMed IRB for all documents related to its approval of StemExpress’ research protocol. BioMed IRB’s executive director informed the panel that, in regards to those records, ‘‘there are none.’’ In other words, BioMed clearly violated Federal regulations on IRBs. The head of BioMed went further. He told the panel to just bring on a contempt proceeding. That is the IRB StemExpress used. That says a lot about StemExpress’ motives and it says a lot about the accomplishments of the select panel. None of these shameful practices would have been discovered if not for the panel’s investigative work this year. As a physician and researcher, I know that if I had used the same shady tactics as StemExpress and BioMed IRB, at best, my research reputation would be at risk and, at worst, I would be facing prison. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). Ms. ESTY. Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H. Res. 933, legislation that would waste an additional 800,000 taxpayer dollars on the partisan witch hunt against Planned Parenthood. I learned from a young age the value of making quality reproductive health care available to everyone. In the rural town I grew up in, too many young women didn’t have access to family planning services. Too many got pregnant, dropped out of school, and never pursued their dreams. That is why, in college, I volunteered with Planned Parenthood to ensure legal access to the full range of safe family planning services for all women. So instead of funding a sham investigation, $800,000 could fund lifesaving 
breast exams, pregnancy tests, Pap smears, and ovarian cancer screenings. Today I stand with women and men across this country to speak out against a baseless investigation, which has shamefully wasted tax dollars to attack the very people who most need our help. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. LOVE). Mrs. LOVE. Madam Speaker, my colleagues on the other side have said that the three House Committee investigations related to the sale of fetal tissue have produced nothing. Others have said that the State Attorney General investigations have also looked into the matter and have found nothing. They complain that this is a waste of time and they complain that it is a waste of money. First of all, there is so much that we don’t know and the American people don’t know and still don’t understand about this industry. However, since the panel’s investigation, we have uncovered alarming revelations about the fetal tissue industry and, because of this, there have been criminal and regulatory referrals. They have resulted in numerous investigations around the Nation, and I will highlight eight of these. First, the panel discovered that the University of New Mexico was violating their State’s Anatomical Gift Act by receiving tissue from lateterm abortion clinics. This is currently being investigated. Second, the panel made a forensic accounting analysis of StemExpress’ limited production and determined that they were profiting from the sale of baby body parts. Now the El Dorado District Attorney and the United States Department of Justice are investigating this. Third, the panel learned that StemExpress and certain abortion clinics were violating HIPAA privacy rights of vulnerable women for the sole purpose of increasing and harvesting fetal tissue to make money. Fourth, the panel discovered that an abortion clinic in Arkansas violated State law when it sent tissue to StemExpress. This, too, is under investigation. Fifth, the panel discovered that a university in Ohio was trafficking in baby body parts, an illegal act under Ohio State law. Sixth, it was discovered that DV Biologics, another tissue procurement company, was profiting from the sale of fetal tissue and violated California State law. This case has been filed. Seventh, recently the panel learned that Planned Parenthood of Gulf Coast violated both Texas and U.S. law when it sold baby body parts to the University of Texas. Eighth, the panel also learned that Advanced Bioscience Resources made a profit when it sold tissue to various universities. As elected Representatives, we are tasked with oversight of our government that enforces our laws. These eight referrals are proof of potential criminal activity in the fetal tissue industry. They justify the existence of the panel and their investigations. The work of the select panel is not over. More referrals will come, and we need to complete this process. Continued funding for the panel’s unfinished work is needed. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution to fund the investigative work and fulfill the obligations that we have to the American people and the rule of law. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, let me just say that bogus referrals do not a conviction make, and that StemExpress had offered many times to come in with its procurement officers and answer all the questions. They were denied that. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Republicans today are asking us to spend more than $1.5 million to conduct a radical, dangerous inquisition that targets and intimidates private citizens. To satisfy their seemingly unquenchable obsession with rolling back women’s reproductive rights and access to basic health care, this overreaching panel recklessly has demanded names, and interferes in the lives of lawabiding students, scientists, and researchers whose private lives and jobs have been turned upside down by their own government. What do we have to show for this display of government abuse? Absolutely nothing. In fact, it is worse than nothing. Today, they are invoking institutional responsibility to ask the taxpayers to foot a bill for $800,000 of their own cost overruns. This is money that could have been used to help families, feed the hungry, help our veterans and military families, and go toward education. I urge my colleagues to reject this dangerous abuse of power and taxpayer funding. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ). Mr. DUFFY. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for yielding. Let’s be really clear about what this is about. This is about following the law. We negotiate, we vote, we pass laws, the President signs them, and they should be enforced. That is what this conversation is about, Madam Speaker. StemExpress has thumbed its nose against the select investigative panel and obstructed our efforts to bring light to the fetal tissue procurement industry. b1530 Nearly a year ago, the panel requested information from StemExpress regarding where they procured their fetal tissue, whom they distributed the fetal tissue to, any communications instructing the company’s employees to procure fetal tissue, and all accounting records and banking records related to fetal tissue. StemExpress, in response to that request, has given us none—zero—no document. So to compel StemExpress to provide the panel with this information, the panel issued the company a subpoena. Instead of complying with the subpoena, StemExpress only turned over limited information to the panel, and the information that they turned over to us was so heavily redacted that it was completely useless for investigative purposes. To date, the select panel has not received a single accounting or bank record from StemExpress. So they have failed to comply with our requests and our subpoenas in violation of the law. If StemExpress is within the limits of the law, if nothing is illegal or immoral, then why does StemExpress refuse to turn over all the documents that our panel has requested? Opening your accounting records to a congressional panel shouldn’t be that difficult. StemExpress has had plenty of time to get their act together and provide us with the requested documents that we have asked for. Other organizations that we have reached out to and made the same requests to have turned over the documents in a pretty timely fashion. For failure to comply with our subpoenas, this panel has recommended the House hold Cate Dyer, the CEO of StemExpress, in contempt of Congress. Despite StemExpress’ best efforts to stonewall this investigation, the panel did find out the name of StemExpress’ bank which we subpoenaed. The bank provided us with StemExpress’ banking records. So, again, StemExpress won’t give us the records, but we got them from the bank. We now know why StemExpress was hiding these documents. The banking records reveal that StemExpress may have been shredding documents that were directly related to this panel’s investigation. The bank records show that payments were made to a shredding company—a shredding company. We looked back at all the records we sought from StemExpress back to 2012, and there is no payments to a shredding company. But when this panel started its investigation and when we started asking for documentation, guess what? You have bank records that show they hired a shredding company. Why hire a shredding company when we were starting our investigation? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Mississippi has 3 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from Illinois has 16 minutes remaining. 
Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. DUFFY. Madam Speaker, there is no cause and no reason why StemExpress would allegedly shred these documents. We both know on both sides of the aisle—though we may have a disagreement on this issue— that when this Congress sends a lawful request to an institution, they are required to provide the documents that are requested. Both sides of the aisle know that when we send a subpoena, those who are subpoenaed are required to provide those documents to us. So if StemExpress has failed to comply with these requests and these subpoenas, and if they are willing to violate the law in regard to subpoenas to hide information, the question becomes: What laws are they willing to violate in regard to the sale of baby body parts? I think that question deserves to be answered by StemExpress, by this institution, and for the American people. So I would ask support for this additional funding to complete this investigation and provide documentation to this country and to this House about what has been taking place in regard to the procurement and sale of fetal tissue. 
1. Date of Congressional Action: August 7, 2015. a. Event: Energy & Commerce Committee letter to StemExpress requesting a briefing. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us: August 13, 2015. 2. Date of Congressional Action: August 21, 2015. a. Event: StemExpress briefing to Energy & Commerce Committee. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us: August 13, 2015. 3. Date of Congressional Action: September 17, 2015. a. Event: Senate Judiciary Committee document request letter to StemExpress. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us: September 29, 2015; November 10, 2015; December 10, 2015. 4. Date of Congressional Action: December 17, 2015. a. Event: Select Investigative Panel document request letter to StemExpress. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us: January 12, 2016. 5. Date of Congressional Action: January 15, 2016. a. Event: StemExpress first production in response to Select Panel document request letter. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us: January 12, 2016. 6. Date of Congressional Action: February 9, 2016. a. Event: StemExpress production in response to Select Panel document request letter. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us: January 27, 2016. 7. Date of Congressional Action: February 12, 2016. a. Event: Select Panel Subpoena to StemExpres. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us. 8. Date of Congressional Action: March 28, 2016. a. Event: StemExpress production in response to Panel subpoena. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us: March 21, 2016. 9. Date of Congressional Action: May 10, 2016. a. Event: StemExpress production in response to Panel subpoena. b. Date of StemExpress Payment to Shred It Us: April 26, 2016. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) who is a new Member. He has served over three decades in the Pennsylvania legislature and now has joined us. Mr. EVANS. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois. In the short 2 weeks that I have been here, Madam Speaker, I have observed a lot of interesting things take place. But what I especially have observed at this particular point, Madam Speaker, is that the American taxpayers shouldn’t be asked to spend another $800,000 on an unnecessary and dangerous selective investigation. Don’t take my word, Madam Speaker, look at the aspect of quotes from around the United States. The Tennessean: ‘‘Right now, the panel is creating the perception that it is embroiled in a wild goose chase.’’ The New York Times: ‘‘Neither the videos nor the many investigations that followed have found any evidence that Planned Parenthood offered to sell fetal tissue for a profit.’’ ‘‘Elected officials should not use the power of the office to intimidate citizens who hold different points of view.’’ The New York Times: ‘‘Nor is there any reason to conduct this investigation . . . Republicans are pointlessly attacking a practice that could save lives and, in the process, potentially putting researchers’ lives at risk.’’ The Hill: ‘‘The committee is abusing its power and the effect is very troubling for researchers and patients alike.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. EVANS. The fact is Planned Parenthood does not sell fetal tissue for profit and never has. A Republicanled House panel is undeterred and conducting its own investigation and, more accurately, witch hunt. Even more troubling is the considerable time and money that will be wasted on this political damage to health care and medical research. Madam Speaker, this is not needed. We should be against it. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Today, Republicans are asking taxpayers to spend $800,000 to cover for their mistakes. The select panel to investigate Planned Parenthood, which was created based on lies spread by antiabortion extremists, has already overspent the $1 million this Republican Congress has allocated them with no real findings. Now they want to continue their attack on women and Planned Parenthood. This is outrageous. This select panel—along with 13 States, three House committees, and a Texas grand jury investigation—has found no wrongdoing on the part of Planned Parenthood. It is clear that, after over a year of investigations, Republicans are not seeking truth or better policy. Instead, this panel has released confidential documents to the public, compared researchers to Nazi war criminals, and exposed doctors and researchers to harassment and violence. We cannot continue to fund this fruitless witch hunt that endangers our researchers and slows important medical discoveries. I strongly oppose this committee and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how many additional speakers the minority may have? Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, we have six additional speakers and still, I think, some additional time beyond that. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution. The Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives has been investigating potential violations of the Federal law that makes it illegal to sell fetal tissue—that is body parts—for profit. The evidence reveals appalling practices. For example, on video, we saw a Planned Parenthood doctor talking about doing ‘‘less crunchy’’ types of abortion. That was to make sure they had intact body parts to sell. The gruesome practices the panel discovered shocked the conscience. Where does this end? Consider this: It was startling to learn that the University of New Mexico had a summer camp program in which students dissected the brains of unborn children. According to documents obtained by the panel, the university ordered from a lateterm abortion doctor ‘‘whole, fixed brains to dissect with summer camp students.’’ Think about that. We are talking about students—teenagers—dissecting the brains of someone within the age group of their own siblings. What barbarity are we teaching our children? How seared have our consciences become? The select panel must move forward with its investigation into these alarming violations of law and assaults on human dignity and conscience. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) who is a doctor. Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H. Res. 933. I oppose funding for the select panel to attack and intimidate women’s health care. The select panel is a baseless committee formed with no regard to the 
facts or evidence of this case. In fact, the creators of the purposefully doctored and highly manipulated videos that they consistently bring up that this investigation is based on have been indicted on criminal felony charges, and we should be investigating their legal practices instead. Continuing to fund this panel is a disgrace, and this investigation must cease immediately. Instead of taking action that would improve the lives of women and families across the country, this panel continues to chase baseless allegations. As an emergency physician, I am exceptionally disappointed. The reckless work of the panel puts women’s reproductive rights in jeopardy and threatens to undo the progress we have made over the last 40 years. It is also a complete waste of taxpayer money. I stand in strong opposition to this resolution and call on this panel to be disbanded. Let’s take real action to improve the health and wellbeing of this country. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) who is my friend. Ms. MOORE. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strident opposition to H. Res. 933. Madam Speaker, we have heard so much about fake news lately, and now we are being asked for taxpayer funding for fake congressional committees. This resolution provides another 800,000 taxpayer dollars to the Republicans’ ongoing hatchet job against Planned Parenthood. We already know the facts on the faked Planned Parenthood videos and the unethical videographer. The fake committee’s only goal is to create Orwellian unfacts. So far, this fake committee has found no wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood or their doctors. Of course, this panel knows that they wouldn’t find anything because Planned Parenthood has been cleared of wrongdoing 17 times by three different House committees, 17 State investigations, and a grand jury. Now, despite all this, Republicans want to waste more taxpayer dollars. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. MOORE. Madam Speaker, despite all this, Republicans want to waste more taxpayer dollars for their smear campaign, money that could be used on meaningful measures to reduce infant mortality, feed hungry children, or improve early childhood education. What we really need to get to the bottom of is: What will it take to get Republicans to get the target off women’s backs? Do that, and we might actually make some progress. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague for her leadership and for yielding. Let’s just be clear. We know what this is. This is yet another attempt to fund with Federal taxpayer dollars a Republican messaging effort to attack Planned Parenthood. More than 2.5 million people—2.5 million women—every year rely on Planned Parenthood for lifesaving cancer screenings and for other health services. We have important legislative work to do, and we ought not be using taxpayer dollars to fund this effort which has clearly been described in all sorts of lofty tones but is essentially a political witch hunt after an organization that provides essential services to women. The majority cannot deny the chilling effect that this effort has had on medical research. It has already been revealed that this is also an attack on stem cell research. You just have to listen to the debate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. KILDEE. We need to make sure that we are pursuing scientific research to fight diseases like diabetes, like Alzheimer’s, and like multiple sclerosis, a disease my wife, Jennifer, has been fighting for 18 years. b1545 We are one of those families that, when we hear about medical research and we hear about stem cell research, in particular, our ears perk up because we know there is hope in that research. This effort—no matter what anybody wants to say, it is well documented— has had a chilling effect on that medical research, and we ought to shut this down. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) for yielding. Madam Speaker, it is time to move on from this dangerous, partisan, and wasteful investigation into Planned Parenthood. This case is closed—after investigations with 13 States, three House committees, and a Texas Grand Jury that found no wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood. The majority wants $1.5 million from the American taxpayers to fund this dangerous sham when they know that they will never find evidence of wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood. But the evidence doesn’t matter, Madam Speaker. The majority knows that, if they keep this farce in the headlines, it will do real damage to women seeking health care. They know that it will feed fake news sites on the Internet. They know that it will block women from exercising their constitutional rights. And they know that it will unfairly harass women’s health clinics. Madam Speaker, they know that this will put abortion providers and their staff in danger. This panel serves no true investigatory purpose. It is a political tool. It is a disgrace. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, if I could inquire how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Illinois has 81⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman SCHAKOWSKY for yielding and for her tremendous leadership on this issue and so many issues that affect women. I rise in strong opposition to H. Res. 933, which is nothing more than a politically motivated resolution. It would shamefully—shamefully—provide an additional $800,000 to the select investigative panel to socalled investigate Planned Parenthood and attack women’s health. Republicans are asking for more money to continue their baseless attacks to undermine medical and scientific research and intimidate and harass providers. How outrageous. Let’s be clear. This is yet another attempt to deny women, especially low income women, access to health care. There have been multiple hearings and there have been committee investigations, none of which have resulted in any evidence of wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood, doctors, or researchers. Madam Speaker, this resolution and the absurd select panel investigation amounts to nothing more than a witch hunt. Instead of wasting millions of taxpayer dollars on this smear campaign, we should be fully investing in women’s health and childcare. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this dangerous resolution and, instead, call for an end of the select panel to attack women’s health. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Madam Speaker, I join my Democratic colleagues in opposing funding for a legislative panel that, instead of protecting, is jeopardizing life. Just ask the wife and 4 children and 10 grandchildren of George Tiller, a good doctor, who, while attending church, was shot dead by an antiabortion extremist. His loved ones know the tragic consequences of having a target on one’s back. And what this panel is doing is funding and creating new targets. Reports naming names with bogus accusations; every day, clinics dealing 
Planned Parenthood spends about $1.1 billion annually on 11.4 million services, 83 percent of which is spent on research, client services and education. Client services are divided into six categories: Cancer Prevention and Screenings, STI Testing, Contraception, Abortion Services, Other Women’s Health Services & Other Services. According to Planned Parenthood financial statements from 2009 through 2014, 86 percent of Planned Parenthood’s Services fall under the categories of Cancer Prevention and Screenings (12–16 percent), STI Testing for men and women (35–41 percent), and Contraception (32–35 percent). Only about about 3 percent of its services fall under the Abortion category nationally. Additionally, Planned Parenthood is already prohibited from spending federal funds on abortion services anyway. Finally, Madam Speaker, H. Res. 933 is an irresponsible diversion from tackling and addressing the following critical challenges facing this Congress and the American people. Funding to keep the government open expires on December 9 and Congress must find a way to keep the government open in the face of irresponsible opposition from 151 Republicans who previously voted to shut down the government rather than allow women access to affordable family planning and lifesaving preventive health care. Madam Speaker, we have far more important things to do than waste more time and taxpayer money on another partisan attempt to deprive women of their right to make their own decisions regarding their reproductive health that has been recognized as constitutionally guaranteed since 1973 by the Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Wade. I oppose H. Res. 933 and urge all Members to join me in voting against this wasteful and irresponsible measure. 
BY THE NUMBERS  378,692—Pap tests performed. 487,029—breast exams performed. 87,988—women whose cancer was detected early or whose abnormalities were identified. 865,721—Total Pap tests and breast exams performed. 1,440,495—emergency contraception kits provided. 516,000—unintended pregnancies averted by contraceptive services. 3,577,348—Birth control information and services provided. 704,079—HIV tests conducted. 169,008—STIs diagnosed, enabling people to get treatment and to learn how to prevent the further spread of STIs. 4,470,597—Tests and treatment for sexually transmitted infections provided. Planned Parenthood health centers saw 2.7 million patients, who collectively received 10.6 million services during 4.6 million clinical visits. 
CONTRACEPTIVE SERVICES IN 2013  42 percent—STI/STD Testing & Treatment. 11 percent—Other Women’s Health Services. 3 percent—Abortion Services. 1 percent—Other Services. 9 percent—Cancer Screening and Prevention. 34 percent—Contraception. 
PARENTHOOD  National and Affiliate Chapters (FY2004– FY2014) $4,529,900,000: Amount that Planned Parenthood and its affiliates have received in government funding over the last ten years, according to the organization’s annual reports. This represents less than half, approximately 45 percent, of the organization total revenues. There are 38 Planned Parenthood locations in Texas. Planned Parenthood reports revenue by source (either government or nongovernment) rather than the manner of disbursement (income versus grants and contracts). Payments from Medicaid managed care plans are listed as ‘‘Government Health Services Grants and Reimbursements’’ to reflect the ultimate source of the funds. The government funding comes from both federal and state governments. Government Health Service Grants and Reimbursements: FY 2014: $528.5 million. FY 2013: $540.6 million. FY 2012: $542.4 million. FY 2011: $538.5 million. FY 2010: $487.4 million. FY 2009: $363 million. FY 2008: $349.6 million. FY 2007: $336.7 million. FY 2006: $305.3 million. FY 2005: $272.7 million. FY 2004: $265.2 million. 
The material previously referred to by Ms. SCHAKOWSKY is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 933 O FFERED BY  MS. SCHAKOWSKY  Strike all after the resolved clause and insert: That the Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce established pursuant to House Resolution 461, agreed to October 7, 2015, is hereby terminated. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
b1710 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) at 5 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 277, noes 139, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—139 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Kuster Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Polis Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—18 
Brown (FL) Carney DeFazio Fincher Flores Forbes Garrett Hahn Jolly Jones Kirkpatrick Lofgren Nugent Poe (TX) Renacci Vela Westmoreland Williams 
b1757 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SYSTEMIC RISK DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, the unfinished business is the question on the motion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 6392) to amend the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes, offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the motion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 178, nays 236, not voting 20, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos 
Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—20 
Barletta Brown (FL) Carney DeFazio Fincher Flores Forbes Garrett Hahn Jolly Jones Kirkpatrick Lofgren McHenry Nugent Poe (TX) Renacci Vela Westmoreland Williams 
b1805 Ms. WILSON of Florida changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 254, nays 161, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—161 
Adams Aguilar Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Brown (FL) Carney DeFazio Fincher Flores Forbes Garrett Hahn Jolly Jones Kirkpatrick Lofgren Nugent Poe (TX) Renacci Salmon Vela Westmoreland Williams 
b1815 Ms. GRAHAM changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECTION OF THE RIGHT OF TRIBES TO STOP THE EXPORT OF CULTURAL AND TRADITIONAL PATRIMONY RESOLUTION Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 122) supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally, with the Senate amendments thereto, and concur in the Senate amendments. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The Clerk read the Senate amendments, as follows: 
Senate amendments: Ω1æStrike all after the resolving clause and insert the following: 
This concurrent resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Protection of the Right of Tribes to stop the Export of Cultural and Traditional Patrimony Resolution’’ or the ‘‘PROTECT Patrimony Resolution’’. 
Mr. GOODLATTE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the Senate amendments. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Small Business Saturday this past weekend, a day to support small businesses and celebrate the role that they play in our communities. This year, Small Business Saturday saw a record 112 million shoppers, a number which 
highlights the effectiveness of this movement across the United States. Small businesses have proven time and time again that they are the backbone of a strong economy. In Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, which I am proud to represent, small businesses provide valuable services, ranging from construction and manufacturing to health care and social assistance, bettering the lives of residents and consumers. Academic institutions also play an important role in growing small businesses. For example, Penn State University introduced a business preaccelerator this year, known as the Happy Valley Launchbox. This unique venture is a signature program of the Invent Penn State initiative, and I am confident it will serve as a platform for entrepreneurship and innovation. I look forward to the continued success of small businesses both in Pennsylvania and across the United States, and I remain grateful for their contribution to our Nation’s economy. 
IMPROVING THE HEALTH OF AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 21st Century Cures Act that passed yesterday. It is not too often that we get to be proactive in such important legislative business in this House. However, yesterday we saw a great victory for the families that so many of us have heard from. We have heard from mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters, and aunts and uncles about loved ones who are dealing with mental illness or dealing with drug addiction or dealing with a disease that we haven’t been able to accurately address because we have had roadblocks because of legislation and rules that have been put in place by the FDA. But yesterday we got to pass a piece of legislation by overwhelming bipartisan support to say: Yes, we are listening; yes, we hear you; and yes, we are going to make changes. I am going to let my other colleagues speak. At this time I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY), my chairman. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and heading up this very important Special Order on a topic that affects every single family in America, and that is their health. As the gentleman said, yesterday we passed a very important bill, the 21st Century Cures Act, with the charge led by the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, FREDUPTON . I was pleased that they included in that package our mental health reform bill, which we moved out of the Committee on Energy and Commerce unanimously in July. We have spoken about this issue at great length for the last few years because it is worthy of that time. We have spoken because of the 60 million Americans who suffer from some level of mental illness and the 10 million Americans who suffer from severe mental illness and the fact that 40 percent of them cannot get care; that half the counties in America have no psychiatrists, psychologists or social workers; that we do not have enough hospital beds for people in crisis, a shortage of 100,000; that there are only 9,000 child and adolescent psychiatrists when we need 30,000, particularly important because severe mental illness in half the cases emerges by age 14 and 75 percent by age 24; that we have seen too many lives lost, that the body count in this Nation last year related primarily and secondarily to mental illness exceeds the total combat body counts of United States soldiers in World War I, Korea, Vietnam, Desert Storm, Bosnia, Afghanistan, and Iraq combined; because millions of families continue to suffer, because our prisons are filled with the mentally ill, our emergency rooms are backed up with people with mental illnessrelated disorders, and because our morgues are also filled. Yesterday, the House took a definitive bipartisan approach in changing that trajectory. The issues we have covered on mental health, along with the advances in the 21st Century Cures bill, sets a new direction for where we need to be going in this Nation to approaching health care overall. When we look at the research changes that we have made in advancing cures not only in small population orphan diseases, but also with regard to the total 10,000 diseases out there, we will be able to sufficiently and more effectively identify medical disorders and psychiatric disorders early on and get them treatment sooner. One of the aspects that was taken care of in the Helping Families With Mental Health Crisis Act is a program called RAISE, Response After Initial Schizophrenic Episode. As we know, research tells us that when you provide medication and effective targeted counseling early on, you can reduce the trajectory of severe mental illness and improve the prognosis greatly. But when that is not provided, every crisis moment of severe mental illness leads to other neurological damage, worsens the prognosis and, sadly, increases the chances that a person will have time in prison 10 times more likely than to be in a hospital when they are in crisis. We are changing that trajectory. New research will get us in that direction. Let me lay out for a few minutes today where this takes us as Congress is looking to change the Affordable Care Act. People have spoken ad nauseam about the problems with that act, how it has cost families a great deal, how it is supposed to be affordable but it is not, how premiums have gone up dramatically in double digits and triple digits over the last few years, how the deductibles and copays put it out of families’ reach, and how it is not really a comprehensive approach because it does not stem the tide of increasing healthcare costs. There are some specific reasons for that. As long as we have a system that is based on a feeforservice model and as long as we have a system that does not put the patient at the center of this focus, we are going to continue to have problems with cost overruns and, quite frankly, care problems. We have seen changes in the trajectory of improvements in reduction in mortality and morbidity. For example, over the last couple decades, we have seen a reduction in mortality rates for cancer, for heart disease, for stroke, for accidental deaths, for HIV/AIDS; but we have seen increases in mortality rates for suicide and also for drug overdose deaths. This really means we need to be looking at a different kind of model, and that model is the integrated care model, the model where behavioral medicine and physical medicine work together. Why is that important? We know that 75 percent of the people with a severe mental illness will have some other chronic illness like heart disease, lung disease, diabetes, infectious disease; and 50 percent of them have at least two chronic diseases; a third will have at least three. We know that a person with severe mental illness has triple the chance of moving into poverty, and we know that people in poverty have three times the rate of mental illness. Beyond that, if we look at people who enter into using the medical field from the area of chronic illness, that perhaps the first diagnosis might be anything from cancer, inflammatory bowel disease, diabetes, et cetera, the chances of them developing a psychological problem such as depression, panic disorder, anxiety, is massive, twice the rate of the rest of the population. This is where the costs begin to soar, because when a person recognizes they have this longterm problem with pain, with doctors’ appointments, with disruption of their lifestyle, with immobility, with disability, et cetera, it is expected and it is common for them to develop other psychiatric disorders. But we have had a system that has ignored that. What happens when we ignore that? If a person has a chronic illness and depression, for example, untreated depression, it doubles. It doubles their healthcare costs. When there are models out there, however, that say let’s 
integrate behavioral medicine and physical medicine so that a physician, being a coordinated care model, when they have a patient with one of those illnesses, a chronic illness, they begin to treat the whole patient, the patient centered model, the team approach between the doctor and patient there. b1830 What can it do? Well, I want to cite a study done by a young doctor by the name of Jeffrey Brenner, who was out in New Jersey. You recognize that people with complex health and social issues have these high rates of going to emergency rooms. They are called superutilizers. Medicaid points out that 5 percent of the people on Medicaid account for 50 percent of Medicaid spending and, I might add, virtually all of those are people who have a concurrent psychiatric disorder, such as depression. But what Brenner did in his particular study is recognize that there were a number of people who had a huge number of visits to emergency rooms in a very costly way. He said, for example, nearly half of the city of Camden’s 77,000 residents were visiting an emergency department annually, most often for head colds, viral infections, ear infections, and sore throats. Thirteen percent of the patients accounted for 80 percent of hospital costs, and 20 percent of the patients accounted for 90 percent of the costs. What he looked at were models that police use called hot spotting—where are the areas of a city where you have a great deal of crime, and, instead of avoiding those areas, the police would go in and work to prevent crime. Well, similarly, in Brenner’s model, he looked at managing these patients’ care instead of ignoring them. If you ignore them, they go to emergency rooms repeatedly. Studies done, for example, at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center with inflammatory bowel disease found when you ignore folks, they continue to go to emergency rooms. Over utilizers of the system. And on a fee forservice model, it is worth it for the doctor. They made a lot of money. Hospitals made money, as long as the people continued to come back. But what was it that was driving people repeatedly to get this care at an emergency room, or expensive care, instead of doing something else? What Brenner did and other studies have found is that people could not access their primary care physician or their specialist, so that is where they would go for care. They would panic. Worry, anxiety, depression. They weren’t managing their medication well. There are neurobiological things that take place in the system of someone with depression which makes them more prone toward other infections and viruses, et cetera. What Brenner did was identified folks with a fairly complicated model here and developed a care management team where the goal is leaving patients with the ability to manage health care on their own. And how do they do that? By helping them see doctors more frequently. The studies done with the inflammatory bowel disease clinic at the University of Pittsburgh did the same thing. They developed an integrative care team, including psychiatric and psychological consulting, to help the person deal with their pain, help them change their behavior patterns, and make sure they had easy access to the doctors, so even getting the doctor’s cell phone number, email address, and respond within 72 hours for doctor visits. What Brenner found, the first 36 patients had a total of 62 hospital emergency room visits per month before they began intervention. It dropped to 37 visits per month afterwards. Then they also found the hospital bill fell from a monthly average of $1.2 million to just over $500,000, savings that benefited State and Federal healthcare plans. Similar results have been found in other areas when this is targeted. Now, we know the Affordable Care Act had some models of this, but the results have been somewhat equivocal because they haven’t looked at these as closely and really worked with the patients as closely. But the point is this: Recognizing if we are going to get hold of the cost overruns with health care, it needs to be that integrated care model—behavioral and physical medicine working together—a coordinated care model, where a primary care physician and/or the specialists are working to coordinate the patient’s care instead of leaving them on their own, and, quite frankly, a capitated care model, where it is worth it financially for the physician and patient to work together, not to just say: Go to the hospital whenever you want; go to the emergency room whenever you want; but get the care you need, the time you need it, with the quality you need. The Affordable Care Act started down this road, but it wasn’t fully followed. But this bill we passed yesterday, and our hope is that the Senate passes next week, by moving forward on research; by making sure physicians get timely, quality information for what they should do; by making sure that it is disseminated to physicians, whether they are in urban downtown Manhattan or they are out in rural South Dakota, that through telemedicine they have access to the best decisionmaking; and by making sure that, through telehealth, which we funded in the Helping Families with Mental Health Crisis Act, no matter where physicians are in America, to have access to psychologists and psychiatrists and social workers and to integrate that care together, this is what makes a huge difference. Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh did a study of when that behavioral health consultation is done during the pediatrician visit, when there is a warm handoff, right away the family meets the mental health professional, there is over a 90percent followup for that patient with the doctor. When they are given a card and said to call another day, it plummets to less than half. Similarly, look at the problems we face with opioid abuse in America. Last year, we had a death total of 47,000. We are reaching the point of the number of people who die from opioid substance abuse is reaching that of the level of our combat deaths during the entire Vietnam war. It is an embarrassing, shameful, and painful thing for our Nation to have, and that doesn’t even include the many, many folks who still remain addicted. But here is what happens with care for the addicted. Out of every 1,000 persons who has an addiction disorder, 900 will not seek care. Of the 100 who do seek care, 37 can’t find it. It is not available in their community. Of the 63 who do seek care and find it, only 6 of them will find evidencebased care. But what if we change that trajectory? What if we say as part of moving forward in our revision of the Affordable Care Act and making it really effective health care we made sure we integrated behavioral and physical medicine together? A study done at the University of Michigan, I believe, or Michigan State—I have to make sure I get those right because I know Chairman UPTON  would not forgive me, but let’s say it was done in Michigan—they did a fascinating study where they made sure when someone came to the emergency room with a drug overdose, they didn’t do the typical thing and hand someone a card and say: you know, you have a drug problem; you need to go get help. In those cases, many times the vast majority of people don’t follow up. Instead, what they did is they provided qualified drug counseling in the emergency room. From the same model, if a person had a broken arm, the hospital would set it before they went home. They wouldn’t say: here is a card; call an orthopedic surgeon on Monday and get that arm set. If a person came in with chest pains, they wouldn’t say: why don’t you make an appointment in a week or two with a cardiologist. They would treat it right away. Well, the same thing goes with psychiatric disorders and drug abuse. What Michigan found in their study and replicated in other communities is there was a 50percent increase of people following through on drug treatment. So look at the things that are done. The bill we passed yesterday also invests hundreds of millions of dollars into more effective treatment for people with a substance abuse problem. It isn’t enough just to have them in methadone maintenance or buprenorphine programs. Those will not be as effective. You have got to get them into effective counseling programs. So what we see is this: The bipartisan efforts that have worked through 
here and have made some big differences in where we are going with research and care will set us on a strong trajectory to making a big difference as this Congress and the new President work to change the Affordable Care Act to really being affordable and really being carefocused. That being said, we will still have, tragically, too many stories while we are waiting to get that care out there. We will still have too many episodes: a homicide, or a suicide, or a drug overdose death, or someone has lost their job, or a marriage is broken up, or families who have been abandoned by someone else, or children who are lost, or those who are homeless. It continues on as long as we are not properly addressing the issues of mental illness in America. I tell you, even though we have those long, somber moments of sadness, there is some joy in what this House did yesterday in this strong, bipartisan, coordinated effort to say we are changing the direction of how we recognize mental health care, what we are going to do about that, and how that has to be an integral component as we move forward to change health overall. We can do this. We can reduce costs dramatically by providing better and more effective care. So for all those families who have been contacting us Members of Congress, literally the millions of Americans who are suffering from these diseases of mental illness and the tens of millions of families who recognize the suffering there, help is on its way. The actions that Congress took yesterday, the actions that we anticipate the Senate will take next week, the signature of the President will move these things forward. We will create a new dawn, a brighter horizon for people who, up to this point, had very little hope of where things are. We know we have a long way to go, and we know this next Congress, as we move into the next session next year, is going to have their hands full, but we can do this. And I know there are dedicated people here on both sides of the aisle just waiting and eager to make a big difference for America’s families. And where there is help, there is hope. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, as you can see, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is extremely passionate about this. He has been the leader and a voice for mental illness for my entire time that I have been up here, which hasn’t been that long—only 4 years—but we appreciate his passion and his dedication to this. Unfortunately, mental illness isn’t going away. It is becoming more of a problem. And we, as Members of Congress, are going to have to address this. I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman on this. Yesterday was a step in the right direction, but we have a long way to go. We are in this fight, and we are in this fight together. I couldn’t imagine being with anyone better than the gentleman from Pennsylvania. So I thank him for his dedication. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ). Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Before the chairman of our committee steps away, I just want to acknowledge the leadership that Congressman MURPHY of Pennsylvania has given to this issue— an issue that so many Members of Congress haven’t talked about enough until he began talking about it. I want to thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ), for leading this Special Order. We have heard from our constituents, and we know families where 1 in 4 adults—a total of 61.5 million Americans—will struggle with mental illness in any given year. While the numbers are staggering—and certainly, my colleague from Pennsylvania knows the numbers and statistics better than maybe this Chamber combined—they don’t actually tell the deeply personal and typically painful stories that this disease inflicts on those it touches, their friends, neighbors, and families. Whether it was Columbine, Aurora, or Sandy Hook, time and time again, tragedies have left our communities devastated and reeling, wondering if our fellow citizens could have been spared the violence and bloodshed had we simply been able to see the signs of mental illness. Many lessons followed in the wake of all of these tragedies, but chief among them always came out the fact that our mental health system is broken: we are unable to fully recognize the signs and symptoms of an individual suffering from mental illness; we often don’t have the resources to help these individuals and their families; and we have very limited mental health workforce, which is overwhelmed and often underprepared for the vast challenges they face day in and day out. Mental illness is sometimes referred to as an invisible illness. However, just because you can’t see the illness, it doesn’t mean it isn’t there. It is a serious disease, and in order to make any progress in more effectively identifying it, we must begin to recognize it as such. Before the end of this year, we have a chance to make the first major mental health reforms this country has seen in over 50 years. And I am very proud to stand with the gentleman from Pennsylvania in support of his years of tireless work to bring to the forefront this health crisis we are facing in America—a crisis often pushed to the side because it may be too difficult or too uncomfortable to talk about. I applaud his efforts and the efforts of so many from our committee, particularly the staff, who have made it possible to work to include these important reforms to our mental health system in the critical 21st Century Cures bill that passed the House last night overwhelmingly. Right now, our medical system does not allow families of those suffering from mental illness to become true partners in their care. The language in our bill takes significant steps toward easing these barriers and making sure that people struggling with mental illness will have more access to the care and treatment that they need. Our prisons and emergency rooms have become de facto psychiatric treatment centers and are overcrowded with individuals suffering from mental illness; however, we have learned over the years we cannot simply arrest away this problem. I am pleased that there are reforms to the way our criminal justice system handles individuals with mental illness. As someone who has worked in the criminal justice system most of my career, I can assess that such support is long overdue and so very necessary. One of the greatest issues with our mental health system is there is a critical shortage, as Dr. Murphy just mentioned, in our mental health workforce. This effort contains significant measures to train and expand this critically important workforce. b1845 These are simply a few of the important reforms included in 21st Century Cures which, above all else, sets a new and higher standard for mental health care and treatment in America. Once again, I applaud Congressman MURPHY ’s incredible work to fix our broken mental health care system. I am proud to have supported this effort throughout the legislative process and look to the Senate to now take up the 21st Century Cures and bring relief to the individuals and families across America who need it the most. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor to have people that are willing to come down and share their time and their passion with us, so I would like to thank my colleague from Indiana for laying it out in such an eloquent form like she always does. Also, congratulations on the committee assignment. I don’t know if I wish the gentlewoman good luck or not. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD). Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Oklahoma for yielding on what is an incredibly important topic. I also want to weigh in and thank my good friend, Dr. TIMMURPHY , for his incredible work on a really comprehensive piece of mental health legislation. I want to not only congratulate him, I want to thank him for successfully shepherding this first real piece of mental health legislation, honestly, since 1962. It is now up to the Senate to move this forward. I am pleased to be here as not only an original cosponsor, but helped introduce the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, which was now attached to this recent 21st Century Cures bill, another bill that I am proud to not only stand up and support. 
As we look at cures, as we look at what we are doing, we see so much tension across our country today. We just got done with a national election, and, frankly, it seems as people are at each others’ throats. And the one thing that we can agree on, I hope, regardless of whom you voted for, we should all be on the same page that we want 21st Century Cures to move forward; because, frankly, as we look at the number of people that are suffering from diabetes, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, and the like, they don’t care what political persuasion you are. They are just impacting families all across our country. Another huge piece of that is mental health; and as we look at mental health, there is no question, family after family, an enormous number of people, nearly 10 million Americans, suffer from a serious mental health issue, including schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, major depression, amongst others. Yet millions of these people are going without treatment, and their families are struggling to care for them each and every day. We need to talk about treatment. Treatment before tragedy is something that I know has been talked about time and again. The Federal Government currently dedicates about $130 billion towards 112 programs intended to address mental health, but there is still a nationwide shortage of nearly 100,000 beds needed for psychiatric care and only one child and adolescent psychiatrist for every 2,000 children with a mental health disorder. Frankly, that is just unacceptable. My constituents have come to me time and again demanding that we do better. The Filler Foundation comes to mind as something that we have to do because, again, as we look at mental health, one of the things that we know is tied to that is this incredible epidemic of prescription drugs and opiates that are really just impacting every single community across our country. Ultimately, we know that this mental health disorder is a huge part of that, as people are trying to selfmedicate, and so people are overdosing and dying on a regular basis. Ultimately, this bill that we are talking about today helps and now allows those families to give better care, be better informed, so that parents or caregivers can actually play a more vital role. In July, we passed the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, 422–2. And just recently, this other bill that we just passed, the 21st Century Cures, that included this mental health legislation, passed with enormous bipartisan support right here in this body. It is time that the Senate take up this legislation and pass it. I am confident that the incredible providers that are in my district, the families who are in need that have been asking for help, will benefit from the many grants that we reauthorized, the updates that we have made to improve communication between the patients, the families, and the providers, and the steps that we took to ensure that insurance providers are complying with existing mental health parity laws. Over the past 2 years, Dr. Murphy’s efforts have engaged Democrats and Republicans from every region of the country. Just a few short months ago, and I am sure—I don’t know if he was in Oklahoma with my good friend, but I know he came out to my district. We had a roundtable talking about mental health issues. We went and visited some of the facilities together to talk about the real needs that are out there. Ultimately, we know that mental health impacts so many families across our country. I would venture to say, Mr. Speaker, that not a single Member in this body has not been impacted in some way, shape, or form, by a loved one, a friend, a family member that is suffering from some sort of mental illness. So I believe that we have an incredible opportunity here. Ultimately, when I go out and I talk to people—and I know my good friend, I am sure, has done the same—they say: Is Congress working? And the answer oftentimes is no. But I do think that we have to step back and take a look at what we can accomplish when we actually do come together. Something that we all should be proud of is the fact that we were able to move forward in this body to talk about not only 21st Century Cures, talking about funding for the National Institutes of Health, talking about trying to deal with some of the prescription drug and opiate epidemics, but really trying to tackle headon the issue of mental health and the impacts that this has for our Nation. So I want to thank my good friend from Oklahoma for organizing this Special Order. I want to thank, obviously, my good friend, Dr. MURPHY , for the great work that he has been doing for years on this. And I do want to make sure that the American people know that today we took a big step forward and, honestly, we are not going to rest until this is signed into law by the President and really enabling so many families to get a tremendous amount of relief. Mr. MULLIN. I thank the gentleman for his service. My good friend from Illinois is going to be missed. His service has been something we can all hold in great respect. I am going to miss seeing him in the morning at our workout, but he has influenced us in a better way. If we can always leave where we have been better than we found it, that is a legacy we can all walk with. I thank the gentleman for his service, and I hope our friendship will continue. Mr. Speaker, as my friend from Illinois was saying about the opioid addiction, I want to point out a sad statistic. Oklahoma is ranked 28th in population throughout the country, and yet we had the 10th highest—10th highest—accidental opioid overdose deaths. We have more accidental drug overdose deaths caused by painkiller addictions than vehicle accidents in the State of Oklahoma. And these aren’t from the young who may be going through a time of experimenting. This isn’t from the elderly who may not understand the prescription which they are taking. This is coming from our mothers. Our number one—number one—individual that is losing their life to opioid overdose is our middleaged mothers. There is a problem. The 21st Century Cures does address this, but just the same as mental health, it is a first step in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ), another good friend of mine, a true patriot to this country, one who has years and years of service. I have a tremendous amount of respect for him. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend from the great State of Oklahoma. I am privileged to have visited not only his State, but his district, and met the fabulous and wonderful people there, and they are lucky to have him representing them here. You talk about that statistic, and I am here to talk specifically about mental illness, but this opioid epidemic has touched every single community. You don’t have to live in the city. You don’t have to live in underprivileged areas. I know very good friends that it has wracked their families, and it has wracked our communities. Certainly, one of the great things about the 21st Century Cures Act is the help that is on the way. It is probably not going to be enough, but we need to do everything we can, at least in making these first steps in wrapping our minds and our hands around this problem and getting to a solution. So I am thankful that the gentleman has taken the time to hold this Special Order, to bring that, as well as the other issues, up, and I appreciate that. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk a little bit about the mental health situation in our country, and I think the gentleman has alluded to much of it in his conversation. Mr. Speaker, more than 11 million Americans suffer from severe schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depression, yet millions—literally millions—are going without any treatment whatsoever. And families, these families are struggling to care for these people. You have a broken arm or some physical malady, you can see that and you can get to a cure in many, many cases. But these mental illnesses vex us, where your loved one is fine one moment and the next moment is not, and you don’t know when that is going to happen or the gravity of the situation, how bad it might be at any given moment. These are our loved ones. These are our family members and our neighbors. 
The Federal Government’s approach to mental health has been a chaotic patchwork of antiquated programs and ineffective policies spread across numerous bureaucratic agencies that simply don’t get to the issue at hand, and I think we can all see that. Sadly, many patients end up in the criminal justice system or are on the street because services are unavailable. I know that in the State that I reside in, the great State of Pennsylvania, years back, we closed our State hospitals where much of the care was given to these people, and they just ended up out on the street or back with their families, which often are cases that their families just don’t know what to do. They don’t know how to handle it. They can’t handle it. Then these folks end up in the penal system, which is no place for people that justifiably are sick. They have an issue. They are sick. They are not criminals, but they are sick. In the worst case scenarios, some individuals commit acts of violence. And every one of us has heard the stories and seen the film footage on the news of these acts of violence that can be directly attributable to mental illness. Now, we should be able to feel safe in our homes, all of us, in our communities, and our hearts just break every single time a senseless act of violence occurs and we see that. And certainly, for parents, these tragedies, they hit especially close to home. We need to remember that the beneficiaries of mental health treatment aren’t only those directly treated for mental illness, but also our broader community when we see those things, those images on TV, because mental health treatment is a preventive measure to reducing acts of violence. It is a preventive measure. It actually stops those things from ever occurring if we get to it. Now, I was an enthusiastic supporter and cosponsor of my colleague Congressman TIMMURPHY ’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. He literally worked on it for years, and I watched him struggle through that. And that bill was actually included in the 21st Century Cures Act, which passed this very House last night. This legislation coordinates programs across different agencies, those disparate agencies that don’t seem to work with one another, where information is siloed. It coordinates that, those programs, and promotes effective evidencebased programs, evidence based so we can get to solutions. Just like most other things with the Federal Government, by removing Federal barriers to care, advancing early intervention programs, adding alternatives to institutionalization, and improving the transition from one level of care to another, we directly address our Nation’s broken mental health care system, finally. Finally, a step in the right direction. So, once again, I applaud and thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for allowing me this time and bringing this issue to the floor; and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to send this bill directly to the President’s desk, absolutely, as soon as possible. We can’t wait for another tragedy to occur where we are all watching on television the footage of something that could have been prevented and avoided. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for also being extremely passionate about moving in the right direction with mental health. It is something that we continue to look over. As I stated when we first started tonight, we had an overwhelming amount of bipartisan support on passing the 21st Century Cures Act. We could see that the hard work that the staff over in the Energy and Commerce Committee, on both sides, the Republican staff and the Democratic staff, worked together to come up with a bipartisan bill to make sure that we are putting our families first, that we are putting our constituents first. b1900 We are setting aside the partisanship that often finds its way inside our conversations. We set it aside and actually were very proactive on a very important piece of legislation. I would like to thank Chairman MURPHY, with his passion on mental health, and our outgoing chairman, Mr. FRED UPTON , who has dedicated his years of service to the betterment of our constituents and his passion for fighting this and seeing this through. I would like to thank him for his dedication. The gentleman will be missed as our chairman. Mr. Speaker, I see no other speakers at this time. I yield back the balance of my time. 
CELEBRATING THE DREAMERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the stories of and celebrate the DREAMers who live in our communities, mine in El Paso, Texas, and nearly every single community across the great United States. All together, we estimate there are close to 750,000 DREAMers in the United States. These are beneficiaries of an executive action under this President, known as the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, that ensured that young people in our communities who arrived in this country at a very early age, brought here by their parents from another country of origin, who are going to school, living by our laws, being productive and net contributors to their communities, and who, in some cases, strive to serve in the military or perform some other community or civic service, are able to reside in this country after they come forward voluntarily out of the shadows to give their personal information, their fingerprints, their contact information, their names, their addresses, and their telephone numbers, in other words, to register with the government so that we know who is in this country and satisfy some legitimate security concerns that we have when it comes to undocumented immigration. So these young DREAMers have satisfied those concerns by coming forward. This temporary reprieve from deportation allows them to continue to live in our communities, to continue to be our neighbors, to continue to make this country great, and to make cities like El Paso the safe and wonderful communities that they are. It is no accident that El Paso has more than its fair share of DREAMers and also is the safest city not just along the U.S.Mexico border, it is the safest city not just in the State of Texas, but it is the safest city in the United States today. The urgency behind our actions today lies with the commitment from the Presidentelect to immediately terminate the current President’s executive actions when it comes to these DREAMers. This commitment to terminate this action will also terminate any certainty these young people have. It will reduce the security of our communities when young people no longer feel comfortable approaching or working with law enforcement for fear of deportation; and it produces extreme anxiety and fear that I can only begin to imagine for myself or for my kids if I knew that I had given all of my personal identifiable information, including the address at which I reside, my telephone number, and the names of my parents, to the Federal Government which now may have a policy to immediately deport me back to the country of origin and, if I were, as a typical DREAMer might be, 20 years old and attending the University of Texas in El Paso, may have lived in El Paso for the majority of my life. I may have come over at the age of 3, and for the last 17 years, the only life I knew was in the United States; the only city I knew was in El Paso, Texas; the only language I spoke was English. I had no family, no connections, no place in my country of original origin, and I didn’t speak the language. Then I would be unable to thrive. I think for some of these young people, they question whether they will have the ability to survive. I think it is really that critical, and it is very important that we remind ourselves, the 
rest of the country, and certainly our colleagues here in the House of the gravity of the situation. Beyond the moral imperative, which I think is the most important, there is also an economic dynamic to this. The Department of Commerce estimates that the DREAMers, these 750,000 strong DREAMers who are contributing every single day in our communities, going to our high schools and making our country better, that over their lifetimes in the United States they will earn up to $4 trillion of taxable income—taxable income that will allow the community they live in to flourish, to thrive, to enrich those that they hire and work with, and to add significantly to the Federal Treasury. That is just one point in terms of the economic advantage of creating additional certainty and, at a minimum, not forcibly removing these DREAMers or terminating the protection under which they currently reside. Before I yield to my colleagues to share their stories about the DREAMers in their communities—and, again, they are in every single State of the Union and almost every community in every one of those States—I thought I would share the story of one of the DREAMers that I met this Monday in El Paso, Texas, when I held a townhall on short notice, a few days’ notice to my constituents over Facebook and Twitter and published in the newspaper. More than 300 El Pasoans showed up to share their stories of how they came to this country and what they are now doing in our communities. What was even more impressive and poignant for me and many in the audience that night were the U.S. citizens in El Paso who showed up to stand in solidarity and in strength with these DREAMers and to let them know that, come what may, whatever executive actions are terminated, whatever necessary immigration reform laws are not enacted, that we as a community in El Paso, Texas, are going to stand with these DREAMers, make sure that they are successful, and make sure that they have nothing to fear going forward. One of these DREAMers that had the courage to stand up and be counted on Monday night was Estefania Garcia Ruvalcaba. She is 17 years old. She arrived in the United States in El Paso, Texas, which has served as the Ellis Island for much of the Western Hemisphere, at the age of 3 years old. I ask you to tell me what 3yearold understands concepts like citizenship or nationality. She doesn’t speak the Spanish language anymore that she barely knew at the age of 3. She only speaks English. She is a junior at Del Valle High School in El Paso. She is captain of the soccer team. She is on the student council. She is the press box manager, and so she is earning a little bit of money to be able to take home at the end of the day and help out; and she goes to every single football game to be able to support the hometown and home high school team. On top of that, she runs on the crosscountry team. My 8yearold daughter, Molly O’Rourke, has an example in Estefania. I want Molly to be able to do all those things. I am proud of Estefania. She is part of what makes El Paso such a wonderful place to live and what makes me so proud to represent the community and helps us, again, stay the safest city in America, bar none. There are 750,000plus Estefanias who have come forward to register with their government to make sure that we know that they are in our communities to defer the action that otherwise would deport them back to their countries of origin and to make this country successful. At this time, I yield to a good friend and colleague from the great State of Texas, who understands these issues just as well as anyone, who has thousands of DREAMers in his community, and whom I am so grateful to for being here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). Mr. CASTRO of Texas. I thank Congressman O’ROURKE . I thank the gentleman for all of his work on behalf of these DREAMers, these young students who were brought to the United States through no fault of their own. They have grown up here, many of them knowing no other life except an American life. President Obama, during his term, was so good to issue an executive action known as DACA to give these folks who were in a legal limbo a chance to participate in American society. So many of them have gone on and are doing great things. DACA allows them to work, to go to school, and, most of all, to not have to live in fear, not have to live in fear of deportation. As you mentioned, many of these folks are people who were brought here at the age of 3 or 5 or 9 and had no choice about coming. Some of them didn’t even realize that they were not American citizens until they had to apply to college or try to get a driver’s license or in some other way interact with the government. There has been a lot of rhetoric over the past few years about immigrants. They have been called rapists, murderers, and criminals. There is so much of that kind of rhetoric that is used when people talk about the border, for example, and even the people that live in our border cities, whether it is El Paso or San Diego or McAllen, Texas. My wife is from the Rio Grande Valley, where you have a high concentration of DREAMers, for example. Sometimes, in all of that rhetoric and ugliness, there is a profound misunderstanding about who these people are. So I thank the gentleman for helping to highlight their stories and, really, for the country, to put a human face to these folks who are good people. I will tell you, because I know other Members have stories of DREAMers in their districts, just a quick story about somebody from San Antonio, a young man named Eric Balderas. His story was in the news in the last few years. Eric was the valedictorian in 2009 of Highlands High School. He was number one in his class at Highlands High School, and he was on the academic decathlon team, student council, and even played varsity soccer. He also received a full scholarship to Harvard University. While returning to Harvard in 2010 to complete summer research in molecular biology, Eric was detained at the San Antonio International Airport for traveling without acceptable identification. After efforts from Senator DURBIN and the Harvard University president, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services was able to grant him deferred action status. Eric’s story, so far, has had a happy ending. He graduated from Harvard in 2013. There have been other folks who have achieved just as much, who are productive members of our country and our society, but oftentimes they are maligned, and they are often misunderstood. Right now, we are at a critical moment in our country’s history. There is a question hanging over the Nation about how we will treat these DREAMers, these young students, these young people, again, who find themselves in legal limbo, who are as American as we are, and who have only known America as their homeland. There is a big question about what will happen with them. The Presidentelect has talked about getting rid of DACA early on, perhaps on the first day in office. So, as I am sure you found, there is a lot of anxiety from these young people and also their families about what is going to happen to them. They have played by the rules; they are being productive; they are working hard; they are going to school; they are paying their taxes; and they are living as Americans. This will be a real test for the Congress, for the Presidentelect, who, on January 20, will be the new President, and, really, for the Nation about what kind of nation we are. This really tugs at our conscience. When we think about some of the rhetoric that has been used—some people call them criminals. They say that they broke the law. I think when I hear that, as an attorney, I think about the different legal standards that we apply in criminal cases. For example, there is something known as mens rea, state of mind. Often when you are charged with a crime, a jury or a judge asks: Did you intend to do what you did? Did you know what you were doing? Even in our civil cases when we think about the negligence standard, there is still a question about whether somebody was indifferent to what they were doing. Well, in this case, these young people had no idea what was going on. They had no participation in even coming to the United States, but they find themselves here as Americans. 
b1915 I hope that our Nation and this Congress and the next President will be big enough, will be gracious enough, will respect their humanity, do the right thing, and make sure that they are protected under the law. First of all, thank you for holding your town hall, which may have been the first one in this season after the election. We are going to have one in San Antonio on December 11, which is a Sunday, with State Representative Diego Bernal, who really helped organize it and spearhead it; Congressman LLOYD DOGGETT , who also represents part of San Antonio; State Senator Jose Menendez. There are also other Members who I know are going to hold similar town halls in their cities. I will read off just a few of them because I think it is important to acknowledge that work: PETE AGUILAR in San Bernardino, California; TONYCA´RDENAS in Los Angeles, California; RUBEN GALLEGO in Phoenix, Arizona; RAU´LGRIJALVA in Tucson, Arizona; MICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM in New Mexico; and R AUL RUIZ, who has a district in southern California. I know that there are others that are being scheduled. I think all of this work is so important because when we talk about DACA, we are not talking about a piece of legislation that is going to take months to come through the House of Representatives and the Senate. This is something, a decision, that the new President on January 20 can make a decision to do away with it completely and to subject these kids to deportation, often to a country that they have never known, that they have no recollection of being a part of or growing up in. This really is a moral question, as you mentioned, for the country that pulls at our conscience. Thank you for all your work. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I can’t thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) enough for taking the time to be here for his leadership on this issue. Not just after this election, and not just since he has been in the House of Representatives, but really his whole life has been exemplary in his advocacy for the most vulnerable amongst us in ensuring the truth about the story of these young people who come to our country. It is not simply a matter of sympathy—although, I sympathize with their situation—it is also a matter of our selfinterest as a country. As we continue to look for ways to become a stronger and better country, so much of that lies with those who have made the very difficult choice to come here and contribute to our success and contribute to the American Dream. I am grateful to you for continuing to advocate for them and to share those stories with the rest of the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ), another very good friend from a State that has known its share of amazing stories of immigration and seeing those immigrants flourish and become the best of us in this country. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman O’ROURKE for yielding and for organizing this critical Special Order. Most importantly, thank you for your fierce advocacy for people of your district, for people of our country, for immigrants, and for DREAMers. Let me begin by echoing your comments and that of our colleague, Mr. CASTRO ’s, as well. The stories that you both have shared underscore the urgency that we face in protecting these children and young adults from deportation under the next administration. Tonight, right now, there are high school seniors across our country writing college essays, compiling recommendations, and filling out applications who are not sure if they will be allowed to stay in this country when it comes time to enroll in classes. There are elementary and middle school students that are working diligently on their homework because, one day, they want to pursue a college education or work in their communities, but now they are not sure if that day will come. There are young professionals working in our factories, teaching in our schools, volunteering in our neighborhoods, or even preparing to join the military that are going to sleep tonight worried that, when the calendar strikes 2017, the only life that they have ever known might be shattered. All of these children, these young people, all 740,000 of them, they are our future. They put their trust in us, their government, in our promise to protect them if they stepped out of the shadows. Today, that faith is frayed. It is our responsibility, all of ours, as this body, to commit to them that the only country that they know will not wash away their contributions, those that they have made, and send them to an unfamiliar land; because they believe in the American Dream just as our ancestors did and as we do today; because they are DREAMers; because they are our neighbors, our friends, our classmates, our community, and so much more; because they are countrymen. Down this hallway in the Senate, a few of our Republican colleagues have already started on legislation to protect DACA beneficiaries. In order to lift the cloud of doubt for thousands in our country, fighting for their rights must be our priority today and every day until we succeed. Congressman O’ROURKE , Congressman CASTRO , and my colleagues gathered here with us this evening, thank you for your work, thank you for your passion, thank you for your commitment. I know that we are on the right side of this fight when I see all of you standing here. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) for his eloquence on this and for his empathy in allowing us to try to think about what it must feel like to be working on that finals paper or that homework assignment in high school or at community college or at one of our great universities and not know if at the start of next semester you will find yourself in another country, in a place that is now strange to you, with a language that you don’t speak. When we think about this, when we think about these mass deportations, literally using the information that these young people and their families came forward with to register under the DACA program, and then using that against them after they voluntarily came forward, to find out where they live, pick them up, process them, deport them back to their country of origin, beyond the incalculable emotional human psychological toll, beyond what that would do to the conscience of this country, look at what it would cost us in financial terms. We would lose 2 to 2.6 percent of our GDP. We would lose nearly $5 trillion over the next 10 years, and government receipts on the trillions of dollars that these DREAMers would otherwise earn would also be gone with those DREAMers—nearly $900 billion that we would lose from the United States Treasury. We would lose young Americans like the one who is pictured next to me, David Gamez, who is now 20 years old and who joined us Monday at our town hall in El Paso, Texas, one of these brave young El Pasoans, young Americans, who had the courage to come forward, and shared with us at that town hall that he came to this country at the age of 10. He came from Mexico City. He immediately applied himself, learned English, rose to the top of the ranks in his high school classes, took AP courses, is now a member of the STEM club at the El Paso Community College, and is pursuing a career in electrical engineering. He is an artist, he loves to draw, he loves to paint, and he wants to be an innovator. His heroes are all American heroes. His heroes are Elon Musk, Bill Gates, and Larry Ellison, those people who are contributing to our country, creating jobs, innovating, creating, growing this economy. That is what David wants to do. That is what he will do if he is able to stay in this country. I think it is so important for us to give David the certainty and, also at the same time, not to provoke anxiety and fear that will cause him to lose this opportunity, to lose his way, and for us to lose out on all the amazing things that he can create. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), who I have the pleasure of sitting with on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and who, over the last 4 years, I have learned from because she is the most tireless champion for veterans. She is the most tireless champion for the LGBT community. She is often the most tireless champion for those who do not have a 
voice in our system or whose voice is not loud enough. So it is up to Ms. TITUS to amplify that voice and become their advocate. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman O’ROURKE for yielding. You are too kind in your compliments. I give them right back to you. We have worked together on many things, including veterans and public lands, and now this very pressing issue of what we can do to protect our DREAMers. Since the election, my office has just been deluged by phone calls from the DACA recipients, those we call DREAMers, from their friends, and from their family. They are afraid. You can just hear the fear in their voice. They are just calling to ask questions: Will I be deported? Will my friends be deported? Will my family be separated? Will I lose my house? Will I lose my job? Will I lose my scholarship? Should I apply for DACA? Should I apply to renew DACA? Or should I just keep my head down and hope that they don’t notice that I am here? It just tears your heart out. That is one of the reasons that in my district, in Las Vegas, we held a round table, not a town hall. We started with those organizations who help DREAMers. We had Catholic charities; we had the university, UNLV; we had other institutions of higher education; we had the Latin Chamber; and we had the Mexican and the Salvadoran Consulate all gathered around the table because we don’t know how to answer those questions. We wanted to be sure we were all on the same page, giving people the same advice, and reassuring them that whatever happens, we will be there for them. That helps a little, but still you want to be able to say: This is what you are facing. I know I am not the only one getting these calls. They are coming from kitchens and living rooms and restaurants and stores and families all across this country, as you have heard from some of the other speakers here tonight. For our DREAMers and their families, this fear and anxiety will continue to grow. I am afraid they are just going to return to the shadows if we don’t act soon to responsibly reform our immigration system. Now, as yet, we have heard very little from the Trump transition team about what is actually going to happen to the DREAMers once President Obama leaves office. Will they round up people and send them back? Will they build that wall? We don’t know. But what we do know is that Mr. SESSIONS has been appointed as Attorney General, who has a very long record of opposing comprehensive immigration reform, actually railing against it; and that is not a very good sign. After months of just disgraceful campaign rhetoric speeches that denigrate immigrants, Trump and his team now have to really deal with the gravity of the situation. I would suggest, to begin with, they should acquaint themselves with some of the young men and women who have been able to go to work, go to school, contribute to the tax base, contribute to society and our culture, like those that Mr. O’ROURKE  mentioned, because they had that protection of DACA. Instead of demoralizing and degrading them, they should take the time to learn about people like Brenda Romero. Brenda is a young DREAMer who interned in my office this past summer. She is one of 12,000 DREAMers in Nevada. She is not a rapist and she is not a drug dealer. She is a high school graduate and the first immigrant to be the student body president of a small college in my home State. She is now pursuing a law degree. Brenda was brought to the United States from Mexico when she was just 2 years old. Like so many of the over 700,000 DREAMers, she didn’t really have any choice in that decision. She has had a choice about her life, and she has made the most of it, like so, so many DREAMers, including another dreamer from Las Vegas who many of you have seen on television, an amazing national spokeswoman for this campaign for DREAMers, Astrid Silva. b1930 They have contributed, and they inspire me. That is the reason I am joining the gentleman here tonight to talk about their stories, and they are the reason that I will continue to be on the front line—to fight to make this country a better place for them so they, in turn, can make it a better place for all of us. I want you to go out and meet these people. I want you to sit down with them eye to eye. I call on all of my colleagues to do that. Hear their stories, and you will understand just how remarkable they are. They will make you feel very proud, and you will find that you have more in common with them and their families than you have apart. We are not a country that should alienate immigrants. We are a country that is characterized by the Statue of Liberty: give me your tired, your poor, your hungry, those yearning to be free. Surely, we can’t forget that kind of history and heritage that we have of welcoming immigrants with open arms. We are not a country that should be tearing families apart. As we stand here tonight on the floor of the House, I would just ask you to make that effort to get to know the DREAMers in your community. Hear their stories, and I think you will agree with me just how remarkable they are. So I thank the gentleman for letting me speak. Count on me to continue this fight. I think, if we can’t get comprehensive immigration reform done in the short term, let’s at least protect those DREAMers who already have that status so that they don’t have to live in fear. Mr. O’ROURKE. I thank the gentlewoman from Nevada for sharing these personal stories of the people in her community who inspire her. It is these stories of courage that the gentlewoman just recounted and that I have been trying to share about the young DREAMers in my community of El Paso that were the impetus for our coming together this evening and sharing with our colleagues and the people of this country the truth about a group of very special young people who are too often misunderstood, if not outright maligned; so I am grateful to the gentlewoman for her efforts to improve our understanding of this very special group of people. When I am thinking about these courageous, young people whom I have been introducing you to tonight from the city of El Paso who happen to have come to this country, to my city, from another country at a very tender age— be it 3, be it 5, be it 7 years old—now, as they are in their teens and in their early twenties, we find them to be flourishing and inspiring us. I want to share a story that goes back a few generations as I introduce the next Member who will speak. That is the story of Mildred Parish Tutt, who in El Paso, Texas, in 1955, after having graduated from Douglass High School—a segregated, allBlack institution in my community of El Paso, Texas—had the audacity to apply for enrollment at Texas Western College, now known as the University of Texas at El Paso, and her application was rejected solely based on her race. Mildred and her friend Thelma White and a few other students who were denied enrollment teamed up, and, with the help of the NAACP and an attorney named Thurgood Marshall, they took this issue and their aspiration and this case to a Federal court. Thanks to the wisdom and the judgment of our Federal judge at the time, R.E. Thomason, not only was it found that Texas Western’s ban on African American students was unconstitutional, but his ruling and their effort and Mildred’s courage effectively desegregated the institutions of higher learning in the State of Texas for every single Texan. As I was sharing with some of our colleagues yesterday, as I was introducing my very good friend BARBARA  LEE, this took incredible personal sacrifice. I can only imagine the difficulty that Mildred faced on that day; yet it was so incredibly important for this country. That is the kind of story that we are telling today about these, again, courageous, special young people in our midst whom we want to continue to allow to flourish. I want to, at this time, yield to the gentlewoman from California, BARBARA  LEE, who has her roots deeply in the State of Texas at El Paso. Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman very much. First of all, I thank Congressman O’ROURKE for lifting up my mother, who was a phenomenal woman, who passed away last year, and who broke many glass ceilings. I want to thank the gentleman for recognizing what a 
true shero she was; so I just had to tell you. I want to thank the gentleman also for his tireless advocacy on behalf of my hometown and the place of my birth, El Paso, Texas, on so many fronts but especially on behalf of immigrants. I grew up in an immigrant community. I can tell you my mother, my grandfather, my sisters, and my brothersinlaw—everybody from El Paso— consider the gentleman our Representative, so I thank him very much. We are very proud of him. Mr. Speaker, I attended St. Joseph’s Elementary School on Waco Avenue, and we were taught that we must value the dignity of all human beings. I was taught by the Sisters of Loretto in El Paso. So now, in representing the beautiful East Bay of northern California, my values and what I learned from my mother and my grandfather and my parents in El Paso really drive me to continue our fight on behalf of our young people, on behalf of our DREAMers. Four years ago, President Obama made history by announcing the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, DACA. This critical program provides—and this is just commonsense—humane protections for undocumented Americans, mind you, who were brought to our Nation as young children. Since the executive action, about 744,000 young people have benefited from this important program. I am proud to say, though, that now one in three DREAMers in the United States is from my State of California. These are brilliant young people who deserve the chance to live the American Dream. DACA empowers young people and keeps families together even in the face of Republican inaction on comprehensive immigration reform. This is an issue that is dear to my heart. As I said, I grew up in El Paso in an immigrant community; so I know no option. I mean, we have to protect our young people and keep families together. More than a quarter of the residents now in my congressional district were born outside of the United States. Tens of thousands of young people have benefited from the DACA program. We sponsored a town meeting several weeks ago. Actually, it was sponsored by Oakland Community Organizations, which is an affiliate of PICO. It was an amazing town meeting. Everyone participated. It was multiracial. It was held in the Catholic cathedral. There are several stories I would like to share, just very quickly, that we heard that night. One DREAMer and DACA recipient— let’s call her Amy—was born in Venezuela and immigrated to the United States as a child. DACA opened doors for Amy. She received her bachelor’s degree at UCLA and then went on to obtain her law degree. This is really impressive. Through her hard work, Amy became the first DACA recipient to be admitted to the California bar. I am so proud of Amy. She has taken her skills and experiences to give back to our community. Today, she works at a nonprofit in the East Bay where she is an advocate for immigration reform and helps other young people benefit from the DACA program; but while she spends her days helping her community, she still lives in fear—in fear for her family, in fear for her friends, in fear of being deported at any moment. I have another constituent—let’s call him Gabriel—whom I met recently at the same event. Gabriel was born in Mexico and immigrated to the United States 10 years ago. Since then, he has used his voice to empower his community and advocate for immigrants. In high school, he started a local DREAMers club that advocates for the inclusion and advancement of undocumented students. He went on to attend UC Berkeley and was able to receive funds to cover most of his studies. Through DACA and State policies, he was able to afford the high cost of living in the Bay Area and receive a worldclass education. He and Amy show the incredible potential of our Nation’s young people. Their determination to live the American Dream, to receive a quality education, and to help their communities was really unlocked through DACA. It is terrible to think of the dreams that would be destroyed by rolling back DACA now. Time and time again, I hear stories like Gabriel’s and Amy’s—stories of families who are kept together because of DACA and of young people who are able to attend college and pursue these dreams. Now these young people are afraid. They fear that their families will be torn apart, that their parents may be deported, and that their American Dreams are truly in jeopardy. We have always been a nation of immigrants. This is a history that we should be proud of; but, right now, we know that immigrants in my district, in El Paso, and all across our Nation are scared to death about what this next administration will bring. There are families who wake up in fear that, come January 21, their work or their school will be raided. There are DREAMers who dread being forced to leave the country—the only country that they have ever known. This is morally wrong. The nuns who taught me at St. Joseph’s would be shocked if they knew what was taking place now. We are better than this. These young people deserve better from our country, and they deserve better from this Congress. Again, I am calling on my Republican colleagues to let us vote on bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform—legislation that will reunify families, that will grow our economy, and that will provide a clear pathway to citizenship. I know the gentleman and all of our colleagues are going to continue to fight for and to pass immigration reform and the DREAM Act; but, minimally, we have to protect our Nation’s DREAMers, our immigrants, and all families. I thank the gentleman again for his leadership. I thank him for inviting me to be with him tonight. Again, my family is very proud of him, our Congressman. Mr. O’ROURKE. I thank the gentlewoman from California, and I thank her for continuing to cut the profile in courage in Congress and for her fierce advocacy on the issues that matter most. She continues to stand out as an example to me, and tonight is testimony to that; so I am grateful to her for being here. I now want to yield to yet another good friend. It is an embarrassment of riches, in the Chamber this evening, to have so many talented Members who have decided to stand up with some of the best among us. In my opinion, the gentleman from Oregon, who in the 4 years that I have been here has taught me so much and much of that by example, is perfectly suited to share his experiences, those of the community he represents, and what he wants to see going forward for this great country. I yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak this evening and for his thoughtfulness in organizing this conversation and inviting others of our colleagues to come forward. Mr. Speaker, I think it is so important to be able to put a human face on an issue that sometimes gets lost in the rhetoric. We have had a lot of rhetoric this last year. The fears that were stoked by the campaign with harsh words about immigrants, people of different religions, people who would be at risk of deportation, to maybe having a registry, having denial based on people’s religions or what their perceived religions might be has sent shock waves, but it is nothing compared to what I have experienced in the days immediately after the election. People who were apprehensive and concerned are terrified—children unsure about whether parents will be there when they come home from school, people who are concerned about whether they will be able to have employment. It is not just people who may not have their documents in order. This touches millions of Americans who are part of extended families, who are part of families in the workplace. I was honored to be part of a fundraising event 2 weeks ago that was hosted by Oregon’s wine industry. We came together in a lavish fundraising dinner and raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for the health care for the employees in their vineyards. Now, they are not asking about their documentation. They understand that there may be some who are questionable, but they are not seeking in terms of what people’s histories are. b1945 They have people here who have worked with them for years who are 
like family and who are connected to the community. The notion of sending these young people back, who, as you and our other colleagues have pointed out, came here as children—they didn’t have any choice. What 4yearold, 3 yearold, 2yearold infant is making this perilous journey on their own? They were brought here. They were raised here. Many of these young people, as you have already had testimony this evening, have had amazing records of success. They took the United States Government and its President at his word and came forward and took a little bit of a risk because they wanted to be part of the fabric of this country. They are in this situation, sadly, because of a failure of will by my Republican friends in the House. As the gentleman knows, he was here when we had an opportunity to vote on comprehensive immigration reform that passed the Senate on a bipartisan basis. It wasn’t a great bill, but it was an important step forward, on a bipartisan basis, that would have prevented some of this confusion, some of this pain, and some of this uncertainty. If the Republican leadership had allowed it to come to the floor for a vote, they wouldn’t have had to twist any arms. There would have been more than enough votes on both sides of the aisle to enact it. That failure of courage stoked part of this hateful campaign that we have all experienced and has kept these unfortunate people and their families and friends—whether they are citizens, employees, they’re part of the community—under a cloud. This is a failure of the House of Representatives that has created this situation. We should not, as a country, compound it by raising the specter of decent, hardworking, young people who are here through no act of their own, who have taken a step forward, a little risk to try and integrate into our society, who are high performing. I could give examples tonight of a young man who is completing his dental studies at the Oregon Health & Science University, a DREAMer who dreams big about serving his community as a professional dealing with dental health. There is a young woman who is a human resource professional at the largest school district in our State, who isn’t just adding her competence, but is being able to provide opportunities to deal with some of the real serious human resource questions from firstline experience. We could all do this if we tried. Representative O’ROURKE , I deeply appreciate your bringing this forward. I think it would be a tragedy if we were to punish people who took the President at his word, who put confidence in this Congress, to unwind this unfortunate situation. But I think it is important that all of us add our voices, that we connect with the people at home who are desperate, apprehensive, and vulnerable, to be able to make sure the American public knows what is at stake; because if we add our voices, our examples, and engage them, there is no doubt in my mind that there will be enough public pressure to prevent a tragedy of immense proportions. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am so grateful to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) and could not agree more forcefully with his words. In addition to these, again, inspiring examples of what the DREAMers mean to us as a country and what they mean to the gentleman personally, I also enjoyed hearing about how the community he represents is rallying around them and supporting them and ensuring that they know that they are not alone, despite the rhetoric, despite the changes that we might see in executive actions going forward. I am also deeply appreciative of the gentleman’s reminder that it is this institution that really has the opportunity, the responsibility, and the power to correct this. In these 4 years that I have had the pleasure of joining you here in the House, I know that both of us and dozens of our colleagues have tried mightily to do that, but, unfortunately, to no avail. That does not in any way damper my enthusiasm to do this. In fact, these stories that we are sharing tonight only cause me to want to redouble my efforts and work with you and our colleagues to make sure that we do everything we can and, beyond that, that we are ultimately effective and successful in setting this country, when it comes to our immigration laws and it comes to the lives of these 750,000 DREAMers, in the right direction. So I thank the gentleman for being here this evening. One thing that the gentleman from Oregon said that really struck home— and helps me to introduce a very good friend of mine from El Paso, Claudia Yoli—were his comments about family and the importance of family and how fundamental family is to our success. So I ask those in the Chamber this evening to think about Claudia Yoli, who is pictured here, to my right, in front of the White House, perhaps in 2013 when she served as an intern in my congressional office here. She came to this country for the first time at the age of 8, from Venezuela, and has been nothing but exceptional to the community that she lives in, to the country that is now her home, and to those that she has worked with, including me and my office, and our State Senator Jose Rodriguez, for whom she works today. She showed courage in coming to our townhall on Monday evening, where she told us about all of this and then shared something that was so personally painful and tragic that it could only help me to understand truly what is at stake here. In 2010, Claudia’s mother traveled back to Venezuela. Because of Claudia’s status, because she was a DREAMer and because of provisions within the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, she was not able to go back to Venezuela with her mother. Unfortunately, last year, Claudia’s mother passed away in Venezuela, and Claudia could not be there to comfort her mother in her dying days, nor could she be there for the funeral, nor could she be there with those family members who came together to grieve her mother’s passing. Our inaction causes tremendous pain and suffering for those whom we have the power to help right now. I yield at this point to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), another colleague with whom I was elected in 2012. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I am Congressman BILLFOSTER , and I am proud to represent the 11th District of Illinois. In our district, we have vibrant immigrant communities from all over the world. I have met many DREAMers, both at home in Illinois and right here in the Halls of Congress. For many of them, the United States is the only country that they have ever called home. Our district includes the diverse cities of Aurora, Bolingbrook, Joliet, and others. In Aurora, the East Aurora High School District 131 has one of the largest Naval Junior ROTCs in the world. Many of these young ROTC students come from immigrant families, and they dream one day of serving our country in the Armed Forces. You can see it in their faces during flag ceremonies, parades, and you can see the admiration of the younger children looking up to these ROTC DREAMers. Many of them are here because their parents dreamed of a better life for their children. The DACA program has been incredibly successful. Over half a million young people are currently enrolled in it. They are living examples of the American Dream, the idea that anyone could come here and have a fulfilling and prosperous life regardless of where you come from and where you live. Instead of creating new opportunities for these great young people, Republicans in Congress have repeatedly voted to end the DACA program. We need to reform our outdated immigration laws and not double down on a broken system. As their Representatives, we should honor their patriotism and dedication to our country with support, not fear and degradation. It is a pretty simple proposition. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER) for being here this evening, for standing up for some who, especially right now, feel that perhaps their government is not with them and perhaps these commitments that were made to them that engendered their trust, their willingness to come forward to share their personal information, their addresses, their identities, perhaps have been abandoned. Your presence here tonight, your words, I think, do much to show them that that is not the case and that there is still a chance in this country that we will do the right thing. 
I appreciate the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ) for being here tonight. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me say that, whether it is these 750,000plus DREAMers, these young Americans who, at a very tender age, were brought to this country by their parents or relatives and in every single way, except for citizenship, are no different than my three children or anyone else that I represent in the great City of El Paso, Texas—these DREAMers are going to high school, are serving in our Armed Forces, are attending our universities, are, in many respects, the future of our communities, of our country, who have so much to gain personally and so much to give back to this country. These DREAMers must be spared from any decisions that would break the trust that was created with them, that would force them back to their countries of origin, which they no longer know as home, whose language they no longer speak, where they no longer have family with whom they can reside. Mr. Speaker, I think it is also important, on the larger subject of how we talk about those who are in our country from another country, that we remember a few facts. For example, the border that connects us with our country and neighbor to the south, Mexico, is as safe today as it has ever been. The community that I have the honor to represent and to serve, El Paso, Texas, which is conjoined with Ciudad Juarez to form the largest binational community anywhere in the world, is the safest city in the United States. It is safe not in spite of, but precisely because of, our connection to Mexico, the Mexican immigrants, the Mexican Americans, and those who are in our community, documented or otherwise, that make El Paso such a tremendously safe, wonderful, thriving community. We know that U.S. cities on the border with Mexico and U.S. cities with large immigrant populations are, in fact, far safer than the average U.S. city in the interior, be that in Kentucky, be that in Iowa. That is what we have to be proud of. That is what we need to share with the American public. We also need them to know that immigrants, documented or otherwise— and including, especially, those who are undocumented—commit crimes, including violent crimes, at a far lower rate than do nativeborn U.S. citizens. We need to remember that we have so much to be proud of, so much to be grateful for, so much to celebrate in the immigrants’ story, especially these DREAMers who, right now, live in a period of uncertainty, fear, and anxiety. It is incumbent upon us in this Chamber to do what we must to change our laws to reflect our values and the reality in our communities and in our country. Mr. Speaker, I stand ready to work with any Member on either side of the aisle to do just that. I want to thank my colleagues who joined me tonight to help drive home the very important point that everyone who is in our country that has registered with the government, that has come forward, that has applied successfully under the DACA program deserves to stay here and deserves our help to ensure our laws allow them to do that going forward. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, thank you to my colleague Mr. O’ROURKE for his work to highlight such an important issue. Since November 9th, many of the immigrants in my district of DallasFort Worth have been rightfully nervous about their future in the United States. It is no secret where the PresidentElect stands on immigration. He has vowed to repeal the highly successful Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, commonly known as DACA. This move is wrong for America and for the immigrants whose lives have been forever changed by the program. Since 2012, over 135,000 bright young Texans have successfully applied for the program. It has been life changing for all those who qualified. This has been especially true for one of my constituents, Erik. Erik is a 27yearold DACA recipient who immigrated to the United States from Mexico with his mother when he was just two years old. Erik was unaware of his immigration status for the majority of his life until he reached a critical milestone at the age of 16. When he asked his mother if he could apply for his driver’s license, what normally would be an exciting event turned into a difficult conversation with his mother about his immigration status. Erik was devastated because although he called the United States home, he would be unable to move forward with his life as he planned. Once he graduated from high school, Erik knew that attending college would be a significant challenge—one he almost didn’t take on. He shared that he wasn’t even sure college was the right decision because he was unsure that he could get a job after he graduated. Yet, he persevered and graduated in 2011—but once again was confronted with the reality that his undocumented status created additional challenges. Although he was college educated, Erik couldn’t legally work in the United States. But with the announcement of DACA in 2012, Erik had a ray of hope. Finally, Erik could legally work and better participate in the country he’s called home since the age of two. Since successfully receiving DACA status, Erik has worked as a Store Systems Engineer at RentACar and has advocated for other undocumented immigrants. Unfortunately, the newly found freedom Erik enjoyed under DACA is now in jeopardy. Now, with just weeks away until the PresidentElect is sworn into office, millions of DREAMERs are frightened they will be forced to return to the shadows or be targeted for deportation. These young aspiring immigrants are already part of our communities. They attend our schools, work alongside us, and live in our neighborhoods. For Erik and the thousands of other DREAMERs across Texas, the revocation of DACA could mean returning to countries they haven’t called home since they were children. While we work to reform our broken immigration system, we must remember that the immigrants we speak of are just like us—they have hopes, dreams, and want to live a good life. Like Erik, I believe that we need to move forward with immigration reform. I believe we can do so in a way that keeps families together and benefits our country as a whole at the same time. I stand here alongside my colleagues to remind our country’s DREAMers that the fight isn’t over. Our fight here in Congress has just begun. 
PROTESTS OF THE DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to talk about the rule of law, the importance of enforcement of the rule of law, the importance of a government that stands for law and order. I ask your indulgence, Mr. Speaker, as I begin my comments tonight by reading a resolution of support, a resolution that illustrates the position of a very important organization in my State of North Dakota, the North Dakota Veterans Coordinating Council. b2000 It reads like this: 
Whereas: The protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline have been going on for over 100 days in North Dakota. Whereas: The protests have been conducted on public and private land without proper permission. Whereas: The protests have not remained peaceful. In fact, the protesters have caused millions of dollars in damage. They have destroyed public and privately owned property, vehicles, and equipment to include heavy equipment and trucks owned by private contractors, at least two government trucks, cut privately owned fences, and slaughtered farm animals owned by private farms. Protesters have assaulted and thrown Molotov cocktails and hard objects at North Dakota law enforcement officers and military personnel who are sworn to keep the peace and protect North Dakota’s citizens. Whereas: Protesters have desecrated North Dakota State and Federal property, to include the North Dakota State Capitol and, yes, the North Dakota pillar of the World War II Monument right here in Washington, D.C., located at The National Mall. Whereas: The protesters of the Dakota Access Pipeline in and around Standing Rock have desecrated the American flag by flying it upside down, sewing emblems over the flag, and displaying emblems and nonU.S. flags in a dominant manner to the U.S. flag in violation of North Dakota Century Code. Whereas: 95 percent of the protesters are not North Dakota citizens or Native Americans. Many are professional paid protesters 
unaware of the true understanding of the issues at hand. Whereas: As former military members, we have all taken an oath to defend the Constitution of the United States against foreign and domestic enemies, the American flag, and our freedom. As veterans, we continue to support our military, law enforcement, and all of our constitutional rights we have fought for. Whereas: As veterans of the U.S. military, we have fought for and maintained the rights of our citizens to peacefully protest. The protests in Standing Rock have not been peaceful and, therefore, violate the rights of those living peacefully around the protest site and threaten the sanctity and sustainability of our basic freedom of peaceful protests by crossing the line into unlawful activities. Whereas: Individual veterans and veteran groups from outside of the State of North Dakota have reached out to North Dakota veterans and veterans service organizations for support in their plan to recruit veterans to assemble in North Dakota in support of the Standing Rock protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline. Whereas: Veterans standing in a nonpeaceful protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline, will also be standing against North Dakota law enforcement, military, private and government entities, reflects poorly upon themselves, our veterans organizations, veterans as a whole, the State of North Dakota, and our country. Therefore: Let it be the position of the North Dakota Veterans Coordinating Council made up of the North Dakota AMVETS, American Legion, Disabled American Veterans, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Vietnam Veterans of America adamantly oppose and condemn any veteran organization or persons representing themselves as U.S. military veterans who associate or involve themselves with the illegal activities which have occurred or take part in any unlawful or unbecoming conduct or assembly in protest to the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota. 
Mr. Speaker, I could never say it better than the men and women who have fought and who have been willing to die for our liberties. They have said it perfectly in this position in support of a legally permitted pipeline and in support of our law enforcement officers who have exercised tremendous restraint against violence thrown at them. I, for one, am tired, as are the vast majority of North Dakotans, of people from outside of our State with a political agenda who have coopted the reasonable, peaceful protests that once began what has become a fullfledged riot. Mr. Speaker, for more than 3 months, thousands of rioters disguising themselves as prayerful people, peaceful protesters, have illegally camped on Federal land owned or at least managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, owned by the taxpayers of this country. They have illegally camped on the shores of the Missouri River. By the way, Mr. Speaker, if you and I decided to go for a walk on that same land and picked up a rock and threw it in the river, we would be fined by this government. But, oh, no, not antifossil fuel rioters. No, they are enabled; no, they are encouraged by our Federal Government, at least this current Administration. Celebrities, bad actors; celebrities, political activists; and antioil extremists are blocking this pipeline’s progress, and they are doing so based not on good information, not on the law, but rather on a leftwing political agenda. Oh, by the way, these celebrities and these rioters fly in on jet airplanes that are fueled by jet fuel that is refined from oil, in many cases Bakken oil; but let’s ignore the irony and the hypocrisy for the moment. North Dakotans like these veterans that I just read about have respected the rights of peaceful protesters, but this has gone way beyond that. It has become rioting, plain and simple. In fact, I think it is important to note, Mr. Speaker, that two Federal courts right here in the District of Columbia have upheld the legality of this pipeline. First, a D.C. Circuit district judge appointed by President Obama, I might add, denied a request for an injunction to stop this pipeline based on the fact that not only has the company and the Corps of Engineers and the North Dakota Public Service Commission met every letter of the law, but exceeded it, including, according to this judge’s own opinion, exceeding the requirements for consultation with the sovereign tribes. The project developer and the Army Corps tried desperately to engage the Standing Rock Sioux tribe dozens of times, only to be rejected for more than 2 years. Mr. Speaker, all that remains for the pipeline to be finished is an easement to begin the process and to finish the process of connecting this pipeline under the Missouri River in North Dakota, an easement that has been prepared and finished for months. Of course, the Obama administration rescinded a permit that had already been issued, a 408 permit to allow the pipeline to be built under this river. The same administration, by the way, who has gone to court to defend it. It is ironic, to say the least. It is chaos, to say the best. At the center of this issue is an administration that refuses—not just refuses to follow the rule of law, but enables and encourages the breaking of the law, beginning with the fact that thousands of illegal protesters are allowed to camp, to trespass on federally owned land. Now, if you allow somebody to illegally assemble, why would they not think that they should be allowed to burn property? Why would they not think they should be allowed to trespass on private land? Why would they think they shouldn’t be allowed to throw Molotov cocktails at police officers trying to protect innocent citizens? Why would they not think they could follow a police officer home and harass his family until they had to move out of their home, or follow a National Guard member to their apartment and then harass them at their apartment and force their family to leave, to spit on them? Why would they think they shouldn’t be allowed to do that if the President of the United States says go ahead and trespass? Never mind that this is a legally permitted pipeline. Let’s just ignore that. Let’s withdraw the permit that we have already issued, that we are defending in court. Why wouldn’t they think that? What has happened, Mr. Speaker, to virtue in this country? When I see these protesters, rioters, criminals, thugs—yes, thugs; it is not a racial comment; it is just what you call people who are thugs—I look at them and I think, who is their mother? Where were they raised? How were they raised? What has happened in this country when we stand here in this Chamber, in this assembly, in this town, and we hear some people, politicians, supposed leaders, talk about law enforcement as though they are the problem? What has happened that people have become confused about the difference between breaking the law and enforcing the law? It is hard for North Dakotans to see that because we are not confused by that. We were raised by parents who told us what was right and what was wrong, who taught us to respect the legal system, to respect law enforcement officers. We have really respectable police officers in North Dakota, and we do throughout this country, because we have seen them come from multiple States. The National Sheriffs’ Association has sent many officers. Other States and city police departments and counties have sent law enforcement officers to give some assistance to our overworked, overtaxed law enforcement officers right in North Dakota. We are tired of it. Stay home, Jane Fonda; don’t come back and deliver food, pretend that somehow you care and take off again in your private jet; unless you want to try to fly that jet on solar panels, then come on, we will take you. You can’t encourage illegal behavior and then wonder why there is violence, Mr. Speaker; and that is what our President has done. Let’s give a little background on this. I know a little bit about siting pipelines. I was a regulator for nearly 10 years. I have sited several of them. This 1,172mile Dakota Access Pipeline will deliver as many as 570,000 barrels of Bakken crude oil every day to Patoka, Illinois, and then to other markets beyond. This is 570,000 barrels of oil that is currently being produced every single day. It is being transported now. It will always find its way to market. It is just that it is being transported by trains and trucks. Oh, those aren’t as safe or as efficient or even as environmentally friendly ways to move oil as a safe pipeline is, especially one that is going to be buried 100 feet below the bottom of the river, to make sure that the water is safe. From the outset of this process, the Standing Rock Sioux leaders have refused to sit down and meet with either 
the Corps of Engineers or the pipeline developer. However, 55 other tribes have. The Corps consulted with 55 Native American tribes at least 389 times, after which they proposed 140 variations of the current route to avoid culturally sensitive areas in North Dakota alone. That is right, Mr. Speaker, you are not going to read about that in the New York Times or the Washington Post. You are never going to hear about it on NBC or ABC or CBS. You may not even hear about it in North Dakota because, frankly, even our media are afraid of the ramifications of violent rioters who are willing to commit violent acts if you cross them. Yes, even my home address has been posted on their Web sites and on their Facebook pages so that they know where my family and I live. These are the prayerful, peaceful protesters you hear so much about on the NBC News. This project route was examined, reviewed, studied, and ultimately supported by the North Dakota Public Service Commission, the State Historic Preservation Office, assorted tribal consultants from around the country, and multiple professional independent archaeologists. This is a thoroughly vetted pipeline, which is why it has over 200 Federal permits, all of which have been delivered and have been built, except for this one, which was rescinded to make a political statement. They say that they object to the pipeline being close to the water intake of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. However, it shouldn’t be of any concern. As I said, this is going to go between 90 and 115 feet below the floor of the river. It is doublelined pipe. It has got control valves at both ends and sensors at both ends. It is the safest pipeline in the world. By the way, the intake for Standing Rock’s drinking water, the new one, which will be in service before the end of this year, is 70 miles away. There is a railroad track that carries hundreds of thousands of barrels every day over the top of the Missouri, as close as that. By the way, the other thing you often hear is that this was not the original route, that there were other preferred routes, but because they crossed at places that affected a different kind of people than the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, that this was somehow discriminatory. Let me set that record straight as well. I know, as I said, a fair bit about pipelines. I have read the permit. I have read the application. I have read the judge’s opinions. It was always planned for this location for a very good reason, Mr. Speaker. By the way, there are at least 10 to 12 other petroleum pipelines north of this same location. This is just going to be the latest and greatest of them. The main reason this route was chosen was because it was the least intrusive on the environment, on waterways, on private property, and on cultural resources. b2015 The other locations that were under consideration that were not chosen crossed many more bodies of water and were much closer to many wells and cultural resources and very important historical resources. It was 48 extra miles of previously undisturbed field areas. This is and was the best route because it is an existing corridor. In this same corridor, there is already a natural gas pipeline. There is already a large electric transmission line. That is why it was chosen. Let me talk a little bit about the impact this is having on my State. We had the recent vandalism of the graves in Bismark. That is right. They vandalized graves in a Bismark cemetery. Of course, the unconscionable graffiti markings on the North Dakota World War II pillar that the veterans wrote about earlier are examples of how these peaceful protestors’ actions don’t match their claims. The responsibility of protecting property and residents has fallen on the shoulders of the State of North Dakota because, guess what, when we asked the Obama administration for law enforcement help, for reimbursement, at least, for our State and for our counties for a situation that they created by their refusal to obey the law themselves, they sent some PR people from the Department of Justice. They sent people to watch our cops to make sure they don’t do something wrong. See, again, they are confused about the difference between breaking the law and enforcing the law. We are not confused about that in North Dakota. Attempts to get reimbursement or to get U.S. Federal help have fallen on deaf ears. So far, North Dakota has had to borrow $17 million to cover law enforcement costs. I will tell you this— and we have heard in the Chamber a lot of badmouthing of the incoming administration—I can’t wait. I can’t wait to go to Attorney General JEFFSESSIONS and explain the situation to him and ask him for assistance. I am very encouraged by Presidentelect Trump’s favorable comments about the Dakota Access Pipeline earlier today. These protesters, these demonstrators, these rioters have brought protests into the communities of Bismark and Mandan. They blocked roads and traffic, forcing lockdowns at the State capital and Federal buildings. They have forced people to leave their homes. They forced daycare centers to close. This daycare was forced into lockdown twice. Can you imagine explaining to children, who don’t know anything about a pipeline and they don’t care—and they shouldn’t have to—why they are in a lockdown, why they have to be careful. Some outof State thugs are circling the block, harassing the owners. Many of our residents are fearful for the safety of their neighborhoods and volunteers are hesitant even to deliver Meals on Wheels. We have had people call us and say they can’t deliver Meals on Wheels because people won’t even answer their doors because they have seen these rioters walking around their property. Law enforcement and their families have been stopped and rioters have repeatedly tried to intimidate them. On Thanksgiving Day, 300 protesters blocked traffic in Mandan, North Dakota, carrying a large dead pig on a stick while at least as many protesters, again, trespassed and built a bridge to reach a hilltop on private property. Law enforcement has shown tremendous constraint, giving verbal warnings that if they stop making the bridge, there would not be any arrests. It was ignored. The bridge was built. Rioters crossed, dismantled the bridge, and law enforcement held the line for hours against tremendous numbers—they were well outnumbered—without a single arrest. The protesters are the clear agitators and the criminals here, not the police officers. There would be no law enforcement presence if these protests were truly peaceful. For example, most media have demonized their law enforcement for use of water as a less than lethal tool during a protest in cold temperatures. They used it to hold back protestors only after they used the water to put out prairie fires that were started by the protesters. And the protestors got wet from a water cannon. By the way, that is a madeup term by the national media to make it sound like some sort of violent act by our police department. It was a water hose brought there to put out fires. And when they used that to push back hundreds of protesters when there were only dozens of police officers, now they are blamed for being the agitators. As you can tell, I am frustrated, Mr. Speaker. I am frustrated not just by the actions of these thugs, because we have come to expect that from certain people in this country, unfortunately. I am frustrated by this administration’s refusal to obey the law, to enforce the law, to support the law, but instead enable and actually encourage the breaking of the law. That is not what we elect the President for. I am so grateful we have a lawandorder President coming into office shortly. They have been forced to arrest more than 400 people, most of them from out of State. They get bailed out rather quickly. Somehow they have a source of lots of money readily available to bail people out and cover their expenses. They have chained themselves to equipment to prevent work from being done. Here is an interesting fact. When it was much warmer in North Dakota than it is today, they would chain themselves to the equipment. And then, after hours of being there, they would get thirsty. And police officers, rather than just letting them stay there, actually helped provide them water and held the water so that the protesters, the illegal rioters, could get 
a drink of water. That is the quality of our law enforcement officers. They burned tires and fields, as I said earlier. They damaged cars and bridges. They harassed residents and have torn down fences. They killed and slaughtered neighbors’ cattle and bison and horses. There was at least one report where gunshots were fired at the police. By the way, this protest is not about climate. We hear about that. By the way, it shouldn’t have anything to do with climate. The oil is being produced. Now the issue is: How do you transport it? Do you transport it in the most environmentally and economical and efficient way in a pipeline? Or, do you transport it in some less safe, less efficient, less environmentally friendly way? The simple fact is, our Nation will continue to produce and consume oil, and pipelines are the best way to move that oil. Legally permitting infrastructure projects have to be allowed to proceed without the threat of improper governmental meddling and activity. By the way, what of shovelready jobs, Mr. Speaker? What of that? What of building the infrastructure of this country with private sector money? What a great thing. But for the Bakken and other shale oil plays in this country in the last 8 years, we still would be in a recession. Most of the jobs that have been created in the last 8 years in this country have been created in the energy sector. It is not about water protection, as I said. There is a brand new intake system being built. It will be operational 73 miles from this pipeline. That is not the issue. That is just an excuse. By the way, that new intake is about 1.6 miles downstream of a railroad track, a railroad bridge that will carry crude oil, as well. The pipeline is not going to come in contact with the water. It employs the latest and greatest in advanced technology. As I said, a dozen or more oil and gas and refined product pipelines already cross the Missouri River upstream from the tribe’s drinking water intake, and this pipeline is crossing at a point where there is existing infrastructure. It is an infrastructure corridor. Mr. Speaker, the rule of law matters. I am so grateful for our law enforcement officers, as I said, not just in Morton County, not just around Bismark, Mandan, and not just in North Dakota, but from around the country who have come to the assistance of our State. But, Mr. Speaker, if we think we are going to rebuild the infrastructure of this country, and every time we build a railroad track or a highway or a bridge or a pipeline or a transmission line or wind farm or factory, we are going to have to put up with this, what kind of investment is going to take place in this country? As I said, we are not confused in North Dakota about the difference between breaking the law and enforcing the law. The vast majority of North Dakotans—and when I say vast, well into 90 percent—support law enforcement. We are grateful for what they do. We are sorry that you are going through this. I will fight with everything I have and use every ounce of influence I have over the next administration and with my colleagues in this Chamber to provide the resources to make sure that you get a day off, to make sure that our State gets reimbursed, and that your families are compensated for what you have gone through. I thank law enforcement officers for taking and making the tremendous sacrifice they make to protect legal commerce, peaceful citizens, and yes, ironically, Mr. Speaker, I thank the law enforcement officers for protecting the right to express ourselves in a peaceful manner. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
EVENTS IN CUBA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) for 30 minutes. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to be recognized to address the floor of the United States House of Representatives. It was quite interesting to listen to the gentleman from North Dakota and the stress that they have up there; in particular, with regard to the pipeline being built through there. I would just want to reinforce the statements made by the gentleman from North Dakota and point out that the permits are there, the process is there. We have tens of thousands of miles of pipelines in the United States of America, and we have very, very few problems with leaks or other circumstances that would cause one to think that there is a safer way to transport oil. There is not. The safest way is with the pipeline. I am one who has actually started out in the construction business building pipelines. We have been in the construction business for 42 years. We dig in the ground, and we are doing underground utility work every day, except for Sundays, and we go deep sometimes. We go into hydraulic soil from time to time. Water tables are above where we are working. We do well points. We are working with the flow of water in the soil and underground, and we have got as good a look at this as anybody I know. I would point out to those that are detractors that say: well, we can pollute the underground aquifer if we have a pipeline that we build and if that pipeline should leak. And I would point out something that they ought to know if they ever saw a movie of a shipwreck: oil floats on water. Therefore, it cannot penetrate down into the aquifer. You are not pumping off of the top skimmed surface of the aquifer. You are pumping down below. And if you should get a leak, which is extraordinarily rare, the oil pools and floats on the top and can be pumped off. There is no safer way to transfer petroleum products and no more efficient way. It is by far the best way, which is why we have tens of thousands of pipelines all over this country moving all kinds of product, including crude oil, but also anhydrous ammonia and a number of other products across the country. I have built the pipelines. I have been down in the trench. I have been tossed into the air and slammed to the ground and climbed down the machine. The wind, the dust, the noise, the heat, the cold, has all been around me. What I don’t understand is why anybody would take people seriously that think that oil doesn’t float on water, or that there is a better way to transport oil, or that somehow if they just get organized and people fund them, we are going to pay attention to them as if they were logical. They are not. So that concludes my statement on the oil pipeline. I am hopeful, though, that in the upcoming Trump administration the future Secretary of State signs that permit that opens up that they need one section of pipe to go across the 49th parallel, Mr. Speaker, in order to facilitate the Keystone XL pipeline. We can build that pipeline down to the Canadian border from the north, and we can build the pipeline up to the Canadian border from the south. But what has always been short on the Obama administration is a Hillary Clinton or a John Kerry signature on the document that says: we have an agreement with Canada to connect these pipelines together at our border. That is one section of pipe that would need to go in there. I believe that happens under the Trump administration. And we should set aside these ridiculous arguments earlier rather than later. But America looks ridiculous in the world if we are going to argue against that very logic that, if petroleum needs to move and we are going to use it to move product around America and heat our homes and generate electricity and all the things that we do, then we need to do it as effectively and efficiently as possibly or we will become noncompetitive for the rest of the country. b2030 So, Mr. Speaker, I emphasize the points made by the gentleman from North Dakota, and I urge that the Corps of Engineers accelerate the operation up there, and they can commence to finish their work that goes across what is the reservoir and river, the Missouri River, get that connected and get it done. This demonstration isn’t going to be over till you get done, so bore on through would be my advice. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I made myself a promise yesterday, Mr. Speaker, when 
I stopped in to I LEANA ROSLEHTINEN ’s office to congratulate her; and I would do that with many of the people who are related to, from, or descended from folks who had to leave Cuba, especially those who are there today who weren’t able to leave Cuba. We have been looking for the biological solution, which would be Castro being transferred into the next life. The very definition of the biological solution in the vernacular around this town was the eventual death of Fidel Castro. Well, it happened, finally happened, Mr. Speaker, and so I had a celebratory cup of Cuban coffee in the office of ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . And now I would make this call, that it is time for the Cuban people and it is time for the incoming Trump administration to put together what amounts to the need for a regime change on the island of Cuba for the 11 million people that are free spirited, hardworking, happy people, given all the circumstances that they have to fight against in the poorest country in all of the Western Hemisphere as far as their spirit is concerned. I would pass the message along. There is a wonderful, wonderful nun in my district named Sister Marie. She served under Mother Teresa for 27 years. She served in Cuba for a long, long time, but she has been to all the— well, maybe not all, but many of the worst places in the world to serve the Lord and to help people. She used to sneak into Cuba with seeds sewn in her clothing, into the seams of her clothing, so that she could plant a garden, and that garden then could grow and prosper and help feed the Cuban people that were living off of their monthly supply of the ration of rice, beans, and sugar. She told me that, of all the places she has been, Cuba is the poorest place—$20 a month for income, but the poorest place because of their spirit. The spirit of their Christian faith has been so suppressed by Castro, who has closed so many of the churches, the cathedrals. I walked into a cathedral down in Cuba, and you could see that where the pews were, that there was dust there and there weren’t tracks by the pews. But the line down through the center aisle was all polished from people walking down through the center aisle. And when you look at that, you realize the reason that there is dust out in the pews and there is not a path of people’s feet moving back and forth down through the seats and the pews of this cathedral in Cuba is because that church does not function any longer as a church; it is functioning as a museum. Castro shut down many, many of the religious institutions throughout Cuba and did his best to suppress Christian faith on that island. Occasionally, a little chapel pops up here and there, and you can see, if you are looking closely, you will see a little bit of it. But he has been an aggressive opponent to our Christian faith, which is the foundation of the faith in Cuba. So I am not sorry to see the end of the life of Fidel Castro. And I have made a pact with some of my Cuban friends that one day we will return to Cuba and we will swim ashore at the Bay of Pigs. And that would be the ultimate symbolic act that, when the day comes, that it is possible for, let’s say, Cuban exiles to come towards the shore. I will say, I would want to dive out of that boat and swim ashore and wade out onto a free Cuba. That is our pact. That is our mission. I am going to do my best to stay in shape to be able to accomplish that mission. Here are some things that I saw in my trip down to Cuba, Mr. Speaker, and I think it is important that the body here pay attention to some of this. I hear a lot of stories about how good the health care system is, about how good the educational system is. Well, we went to visit some of the educational system, Mr. Speaker, and one of them was a country school. They had, oh, I don’t know, 15 or 18 kids sitting at desks in this little shack out in the country with the teacher up front looking like this was a country school from 150 years ago in my home State of Iowa. There, when we walked in, of course, everything stopped and the kids all paid attention. They didn’t get to see Americans very often. I suppose we look a little bit different, on balance, than they do and their parents do. But we had a pretty good handful of pencils there, and that handful of pencils was swept up immediately. They couldn’t wait to get their hands on pencils so that they could write. That is one of the examples of the shortage of supplies that are there. The educational system, also, we took a ride up to the top of the mountains about 70 kilometers from Santa Clara in Cuba. There is an extension college up there that teaches agriculture. This was a ride up there that took, oh, at least 90 minutes to get up the mountain. We were sitting in the back of a Russian deuce and a half that gave us a ride up the mountain. When we got there to this little campus built into the mountains, we had the equivalent of—we had about 40 people on this tour altogether. And as we were standing there, they brought out—the Cuban minders brought out the spokesmen for the university, and they stood there in their gray smocks, and the Cuban minders began transferring our questions to them. So I was asking questions of the faculty at the extension college in the mountains there, and as I would ask the question, then the Cuban minder would translate the question from English into Spanish and ask in Spanish a question of the representatives of the university. They would hear the question. They would answer in Spanish. The Cuban minder would interpret it back into English, and he would tell us what he supposedly said. Well, I am trying to learn the things I came there to learn, and the interpreter standing next to me, he was on the tour and he was not designed to be the interpreter, but he was the best interpreter I have ever had. His name was Ed Sabatini, and his parents owned real estate in Cuba that had been nationalized by Castro, taken away from them, and they had escaped from the island and lived in Miami. But Ed Sabatini, the son of the refugees that had gotten out of Cuba, he said to me, as I am listening to the responses to the questions that I think are being asked, he said: You realize, don’t you, that these Castro minders are not asking the questions that you are asking, and when they get the answers back, they are not giving back to you the answers that were given to them by the faculty here at this university. And I said: No, I didn’t realize that. Of course, I didn’t understand enough Spanish to realize that. So he began to interpret this for me, and he was interpreting not only what was said, but he was interpreting what wasn’t said, what body language was there, and filling me in on the things that he was soaking up in that encounter. So after a little while, we realized it doesn’t pay for us to stand here and talk to these people because we are not going to get the truth out of them anyway. They are just putting us through this exercise. And so we stepped away from the group and went down and spoke to some students who were sitting on the curb. I had already asked the faculty: Do you have Internet services up here on the mountain? And the faculty had answered back, or at least through the minder: Yes, we have Internet services. So we began to talk to the students, and we got straighter answers. Well, they did have Internet service. The had a computer class going on right then up in a building adjacent to where we were. And so I asked them: So, if you want to access the Internet, how do you get to that Internet? Tell me how that works. Their answer was: Well, if we have research or a question that we want to get resolved, we write that question down on a piece of paper, and then we hand that to our instructor. Our instructor decides whether to approve our request or not. If he approves it, then that goes into a packet that goes down the mountain, in a Russian deuce and a half, 70 kilometers to Santa Clara, where the Internet connection is. It is run by Castro’s people. Then they look at the request. They type that request out onto the Internet if they are approved that the question can be allowed to be asked and answered, and then the question goes out on the Internet. They download the response that they are looking for. If they approve it, they 
will take that response down and then redact the things they don’t want the student to know, but print the document, put that document back on a Russian deuce and a half, and it goes 70 kilometers back up the mountain. It takes days or even weeks to get an answer from the Internet. I asked them: Tell me about your Internet service. Their answer was: Oh, yes, we have Internet service here, good access to Internet service. That is what it is. Give a piece of paper a ride down a mountain on a Russian deuce and a half 70 kilometers, going through the minders and through the censors and out to the Internet, back again, redacted, back on the deuce and a half, back up the mountain. Now, how long would it take you to research anything on the Internet if you have to process things through that means? It was amazing to me that anyone could even seriously suggest such a thing, that it was Internet access, when it had to take two rides in a Russian deuce and a half and go through a censor and a couple of minders. That is what we saw down there at that university. So I said: I want to go look at this computer class that is going on. As I headed up that way, the leader of our tour group was gathering people together, and I said: I am going to go look at this computer class up here. He said: We are going to leave. That meant we were supposed to jump in these deuce and a halfs and take our ride back down the mountain. I said: I am going to go up and see the computers. He said: Well, we are going to leave you here. I said: Then I will see you in Havana. So I thought they were bluffing, and they were, but Ed Sabatini and I went into that classroom, kind of down in the basement of a school building there, and there sat about 12 computers, all old 386s or maybe even earlier, and they had two or three male students all sitting in front of each computer. And there on the screen was the five points of why capitalism is bad and Marxism is good. They were teaching the lesson of Marxist ideology right there on the screens of those old computers while these students sat there sharing a screen to look at. When we walked in, it kind of took over the room. And once they found out that we were from America, the students had questions they wanted to ask, and they began to ask the questions. They were interpreted through Ed Sabatini, and then to me, and I answered them. After awhile, it became so rapidfire that Ed just answered the questions and he told me what happened as we walked out of there. But they were asking questions like—and this was agriculture. I said extension. So they were asking questions like, let’s see: Who sets the price on the markets for, say, grain? And they are probably thinking rice and sugar, maybe beans, and I am thinking corn and soybeans. Who sets the price? And we say: The market sets the price. Well, what is the market? Well, it is supply and demand. Buyers come in and they make an offer, and if they can buy what they want at that price, then that is the price. If they are getting more than they want, they lower the price. If they are getting less than they want, they raise the price. Pretty big idea. You could see them try to figure out what that meant. Then they said: How many times does the price—when does the price change? They were thinking that there still was some government that set our commodity prices, our grain prices, maybe once a month or twice a year or whatever they might do. I said to them: That price can change, actually, several times a minute. It is kind of a living, moving market because it reacts to the bids that are out there. Hard to think of what that means. Who sets—they wanted to know what are our land values, and I told them. Who set the values on land? Well, the buyers and the sellers set the value on land. They just didn’t have a concept of that. And then it would be: Why would anyone sell land if they owned land? Well, there is a concept of real estate ownership that doesn’t exist in any significant way in a Marxist economy that controls and owns everything. So we went through that. It was a fascinating time for them, and it was fascinating for me to see how they reacted, the inquisitiveness of those young students that had an opportunity to hear what it is like in America. And you heard from them: I want to go to America. I would say everyone in that room wanted to go to America. That is the sense of not only the deprivation that is there because they are on rations of rice and beans and sugar, but deprived, also, of ideas, the opportunity to have access to information, to exchange ideas. That has been crushed by Castro. So the potential of the people in Cuba, which I think is terrific, has been so badly damaged by the oppressing oppression of Castro, who threw thousands of his political enemies into prison. b2045 He tortured them, he beat them, and he executed many, many of them. I remember, Mr. Speaker, the vision, the images that I saw on television back in 1959, 1960, and beyond when Castro and Che Guevara took over Cuba and they executed the political enemies. They took them up against a wall. Many of them were wearing white slacks and white Cuban shirts that hang outside their belt, and they were put up to the wall, blindfolded. They stood there with their hands tied, and they were shot. That was back when television showed the reality of what was taking place. We hadn’t gotten so sensitive that when there was murder that was picked up on cameras, it went on television without being blurred out as if somehow we are too sensitive to see things like that. It was an awful sight. I recall a man who was about to be executed, one of Castro’s enemies, and he insisted that he not be blindfolded, he insisted that he not be tied, and he insisted that he give the order for them to fire. So, Mr. Speaker, he stood in front of that execution wall in his white Cuban shirt, his white slacks, and his sandals. He raised his hand with no blindfold on him. He looked at that firing squad, he raised his hand, and in a moment of, I will say, just an amazing display of courage and nerve dropped his hand, and that firing squad fired and executed that probably very innocent Cuban there in front of that wall. He became one of thousands who were put into their graves because they were political opponents of the Marxist, the Communist, the dictator, the tyrant that had turned Cuba into a prison island; and it has been a prison island ever since 1959. Finally, the biological solution has kicked in, and Fidel Castro is no more. There is one more to go, and that is Raul. The Cuban people need to know that when they go to their grave, their grip on the island of Cuba is letting go. It has got to let go, and the free spirit that exists within the hearts of the Cuban people needs to be released. They need to be freed up on that island so they can control their own destiny, they can live their own lives, they can become prosperous by their brains and the sweat of their own brow and have the opportunities that we have here in this country. This new administration needs to be about regime change in Cuba. The Western Hemisphere has been terrorized by the policies of Fidel Castro and by his support for the Marxists throughout a number of countries in Central and South America. That includes Nicaragua, and it includes Venezuela with Hugo Chavez and now his successor. It includes a number of other countries. Castro has engaged in trouble in Grenada and also over into Africa. He has fomented that kind of terror and sent his army out there for hire to take freedom away from other people. If we had been absent his influence in this hemisphere, chances are South America itself would be much more free than it is today. That is Castro. I recall visiting the Hotel Nacional. In there, when you walk inside, that was a place where the rich and famous from America used to play down in Cuba at the Hotel Nacional in Havana. It looks out across the sea, and there is a gun emplacement there, a cannon that sits down in a bunker that was used to defend the shores of Cuba back during the SpanishAmerican War— they say the SpanishCubanAmerican 
War—in 1898. There in that hotel, you will see pictures of the celebrities of the time: Marilyn Monroe, Stan Musial, Rocky Marciano. When you walk through, you see the people that I will say lived in blackandwhite fame in America. Their pictures are on the wall in the Hotel Nacional. Also, there in the parking lot was the 1959 Jaguar station wagon that was the vehicle of the previous dictator, Batista’s, wife, who had that green 1959 Jaguar station wagon. But things have stopped. They are frozen in time. The most typical taxicab in Havana was a 1954 Chevy, and it had a 3cylinder Russian diesel engine under the hood. If you look around the island, you would see Russian tractors that were parked, and they had been stripped for parts. I didn’t see any of them out there running. It is the only place in civilization that I know that once went from animal husbandry agriculture where they used beasts of burden to till the fields to Russian tractors when the Russians were subsidizing the Cubans, and then when the Soviet Union imploded, Mr. Speaker; and that ended Christmas Day 1991, when the Soviet Union went under and was no more. Over a period of time their subsidy for the island of Cuba dried up. They were subsidizing Cubans this way. Cubans then were producing sugar. The open market on sugar was 6 cents a pound. The Russians were sending them oil for sugar, making a trade. The sugar that was going to Russia was costing the Russians 51 cents worth of oil. So you have a more than eight times multiplier effect sugar for oil, and that profit that was in there was what was propping up the failed, failed, failed economy of Cuba. The Soviet Union imploded. That subsidy ended, and those Russian tractors broke down and finally died. So you end up with brahma oxen that are out there doing the tillage in the field. They would tie them on a piece of rope, and they would have what I called a pivot grazing system rather than a pivot irrigation system. I happened to plow behind a team of brahma oxen out there just kind of for sport. He was out in the field working. I asked him: Can I take a round? So I got to do that and got a picture of that, Mr. Speaker. That island had regressed so much that the tractors were parked and the animals had been put back to work. Hugo Chavez decided he would prop up the Cuban island with the wealth of his oil. Of course, when Chavez himself went to his Maker, thankfully, and the prosperity that Venezuela enjoyed collapsed around the failed ideology of a Marxistcontrolled economy, that then shut down the subsidy for Cuba. Who should come along to save the day? Barack Obama, who decided he is going to open up trade with Cuba, establish an embassy there, and let American dollars come down into Cuba so the island could become prosperous again. We needed to let the Marxist regime finally be starved out. That was the purpose of the sanctions against Cuba, and that is why it has never been wise to open up free trade with Cuba. Now it is wise for this incoming Trump administration to promote regime change in Cuba. Raul can’t last much longer. Freedom must come to the Cuban people, and I want to swim ashore at the Bay of Pigs and walk out on a free Cuba. I have done that at GTMO, but I want to do that at the Bay of Pigs, Mr. Speaker. Another way that Cuba was propped up would be any foreign currency that came in—tourists could come into Cuba, and they would come into Cuba especially from Europe. They would go to the beaches at Varadero and other places, and so they spent their euros there. Americans would sneak into Cuba by going through the Bahamas and get their passport punched out there and take a separate flight and fly into Cuba. They might also come in through the south or come in through Mexico, but American dollars came down. Now, here is the rule: we think we are helping Cubans by doing business with Cuba with American dollars. Here is how it was when I was there—and I don’t think it is any different today— the exchange rate of the Cuban peso to the dollar was 21 pesos to the dollar. Cubans could earn American dollars, they could hold American dollars, but they can’t spend American dollars unless they go to a Cuban bank where they have to take their American dollar, lay that down on the counter and get an exchange for Cuban currency. But the Cuban currency doesn’t give them 21 pesos, which is the exchange rate for their American dollar. It gives them one peso for the American dollar, and 20 pesos go into Castro’s bank account to prop up Cuba. That is how he is raking the vigorish out of those transactions that are there. Or they could go into a Dollar Store where their dollar would only get them a peso. That is how that money went back into the hands of Castro. He is raking up the foreign currency and using that to prop up the military, keep his prisons open, and suppress and repress the Cuban people. Mr. Speaker, we are in a place in history here where I am glad to see that the Trump administration understands what needs to happen in Cuba. I am hopeful the Cuban people have enough of that spirit left in them to understand what they need to do. Mourn for Fidel is not what they need to do, but replace him with a leader of, by, and for the Cuban people, and a constitution that protects the individual interest and rights of the Cuban people is what needs to happen. I fully support the effort of the free minded and freespirited Cuban people to one day also be free, all 11 million of them. Mr. Speaker, I will do my best to stay in shape so I can swim ashore and wade out onto a free Cuba. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DEFAZIO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today after 5 p.m. and December 2 on account of medical appointment. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2971. An act to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4419. An act to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts and to make other improvements to the District of Columbia courts. H.R. 5785. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 1, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 4665. To require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, December 2, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for herself and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6415. A bill to provide for the appointment of members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. BOST, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Mr. ABRAHAM ): H.R. 6416. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mrs. LOVE): H.R. 6417. A bill to prohibit a court from awarding damages based on race, ethnicity, gender, religion, or actual or perceived sexual orientation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6418. A bill to amend certain provisions of the Safe Drinking Water Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 6419. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide that COPS grant funds may be used to hire and train new, additional career law enforcement officers who are residents of the communities they serve, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Miss RICE 
OFNEWYORK: H.R. 6420. A bill to improve the screening of transgender persons at airport security checkpoints, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. ISRAEL ): H.R. 6421. A bill to provide for the consideration of a definition of antiSemitism for the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimination laws concerning education programs or 
activities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 6422. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat qualified alternative commuter programs as an excludable qualified transportation fringe benefit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 6423. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to provide justice to victims of fraud; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. COHEN: H.J. Res. 104. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to abolish the electoral college and to provide for the direct election of the President and Vice President of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. D EUTCH , and Ms. JACKSON LEE): H. Con. Res. 177. Concurrent resolution supporting the goals and ideals of World AIDS Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WELCH: H. Con. Res. 178. Concurrent resolution clarifying any potential misunderstanding as to whether actions taken by Presidentelect Donald Trump constitute a violation of the Emoluments Clause, and calling on Presidentelect Trump to divest his interest in, and sever his relationship to, the Trump Organization; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: H.R. 6415. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which grants Congress the authority to make laws governing the commerce among several states, including employment discrimination laws. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6416. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 6417. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and the 14th Amendment By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6418. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 6419. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6420. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 6421. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 6422. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ and Article I, Section 7, which states ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 6423. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. COHEN: H.J. Res. 104. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 169: Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 546: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 590: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 1061: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 1147: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 1220: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 1421: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 1707: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1787: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2197: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2274: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2461: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 2493: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2747: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3244: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3559: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 4296: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 4298: Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 4376: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4456: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4731: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 4907: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5090: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5167: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5258: Ms. MENG. H.R. 5296: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5334: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 5474: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5501: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 5932: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 5956: Mr. LEWIS and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 5961: Mr. CA´RDENAS and Mr. J ODYB. HICEof Georgia. H.R. 5999:Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. R OE of Tennessee H.R. 6045: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 6100: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 6117: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 6132: Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 6273: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 6306: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 6316: Mr. NUNES . H.R. 6317: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 6336: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 6340: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. KIND, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 6377: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 6382: Mr. MOULTON , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. M ENG, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. K IND, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. COOKand Mr. M ARINO . H. Con. Res. 161: Ms. BROWNLEY of Cali fornia. H. Con. Res. 171: Mr. OLSON , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. VARGAS . H. Res. 753: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H. Res. 924: Mr. HECKof Washington. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6629 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1, 2016 No. 172 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 