Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Marin County Fair in honor of its 75th anniversary. A beloved community event attended by people throughout the Bay Area, the Marin County Fair has for decades brought together families, friends, craftspersons, local vendors and more in this historic celebration of Marin County’s people and products. Held this year at the Marin Center in San Rafael from June 30 to July 4, the awardwinning Marin County Fair has been held almost annually since its 1925 inception as the Marin County Fair and Harvest Festival. With a wide range of activities for participants, the 2016 fair features over 800 new and returning exhibits, from photography competitions to culinary contests to performing arts and beyond. Additionally, the fair hosts concerts, rides, fireworks, and other attractions throughout its fiveday run. The Marin County Fair is notable not just for its cultural contributions to the community, but for its commitment to environmentally friendly practices and healthy living. From its solar powered carousel to food recovery and composting services, the ‘‘Greenest County Fair on Earth’’ has been a longtime pioneer in sustainable event management. Additionally, the fair’s healthconscious efforts, like emphasizing nutritional food from vendors and encouraging attendees to bike, have warranted widespread recognition, including as the Merrill Award winner at the 53rd Western Fairs Association Annual Achievement Awards Program. By integrating stewardship and wellness into the fabric of the fair, the Marin County Fair preserves its legacy as ‘‘the people’s fair’’ while ensuring the event can continue for decades to come. This year’s theme, ‘‘What a Ride!’’ is appropriate for the diamond anniversary of the fair and its decades of history and importance in Marin County. Mr. Speaker, it is therefore fitting to honor the Marin County Fair on their 75th year for their ongoing presence in our community. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Miriam K. Center of Savannah, Georgia, for her 90th birthday on August 10th. At 90 years old, Ms. Center continues to be an impressive member and contributor to the coastal Georgia community. She graduated from Savannah High School in 1944 and promptly joined the Savannah volunteers to help American troops fighting in World War II. After the war, Miriam married Leo Center and helped him found a prominent, local Savannah business. Miriam and Leo had 3 sons together, Henry, Tony, and Scott. Since then, Miriam has been greatly involved in public service as she served as Chair of the SavannahChatham Metropolitan Planning Commission, ran for election to the Georgia State Senate, and for Savannah Alderwoman. In 2000, she wrote a book entitled Scarlett O’Hara Can Go to Hell and produced the currently showing play, Johnny and Me, which chronicles her friendship with Savannah’s Academy Award winning songwriter, Johnny Mercer. She is also a frequent guest writer to the Savannah Morning News. Miriam has traveled the world, visiting England, France, Spain, Greece, Israel, Russia, and much of North America. Ms. Center, I hope you have a happy 90th birthday. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, the day of July 11th, I am wrongly recorded on H.R. 5606, the Antiterrorism Information Sharing Is Strength Act. I intended to oppose this legislation. 
CONGRATULATING THE FLORIDA SOUTHERN MOCCASINS WOMEN’S LACROSSE TEAM ON WINNING THE 2016 NCAA DIVISION II NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, Florida Southern College is a liberal arts college nestled in my hometown of Lakeland, Florida. Florida Southern is known for its strong academic record, for being the largest collection of Frank Lloyd Wright architecture in the world, and for consistently receiving recognition from the Princeton Review as one of the most beautiful campuses in the country. However, today I rise to recognize another important distinction for Florida Southern. The Florida Southern Moccasins Women’s Lacrosse Team recently captured the 2016 NCAA Division II National Championship. On May 21, 2016, the Mocs defeated the twotime defending champion, Adelphi University, by a score of 8–7, capping off a remarkable season. NCAA Division II Coach of the Year Kara Reber led the Mocs Women’s Lacrosse Team to their first national championship, along with All Americans Gabby Barowski and Emily Santoli. Growing up in Lakeland, I have watched Florida Southern flourish before my eyes. This victory marks Florida Southern’s 29th NCAA Division II Championship. Florida Southern is a tremendous educational institution, and this win is a terrific achievement not only for the school, but also for our local community. Go Mocs! 
THANKING OFFICER BRANDON MURPHY FOR HIS BRAVERY AND SERVICE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in 
recognizing Officer Brandon Murphy for the service he has provided to Michigan’s Fifth Congressional District and the Bay City community. Brandon Murphy is a recipient of the Police Officers Association of Michigan’s (POAM) Police Officer of the Year Award. This honor was awarded following an encounter where Officer Murphy was injured by gunfire while successfully managing to apprehend a suspect and stop a violent crime spree. Officer Murphy’s personal dedication to public safety at the cost of his own safety deserves the utmost honor, and a Police Officer of the Year Award is a worthy and deserving recognition for such an exemplary officer. It is my honor to represent such brave and honorable members of our community, and Officer Brandon Murphy is a shining example. The true measure of an exemplary public safety officer was exhibited by Officer Murphy when he sacrificed his own wellbeing in order to prevent the further victimization of the community he serves. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the work done by Officer Brandon Murphy and thank him for the service he has provided to our community. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to John and Susan Burke who will be celebrating their 50th Wedding Anniversary on August 6, 2016. John and Susan were married at Saint Gregory’s Church in Dorchester, MA. on August 6, 1966. Susan attended St. Gregory’s High School and graduated from Boston State Teachers College. John grew up in South Boston, attended Boston Technical High School, graduated from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, and served our country in the U.S. Army for three years. Upon his return home, John worked for the Boston Edison Company and was former Congressman Joe Moakley’s Administrative Assistant. John and Susan are proud parents of their two daughters, Courtney Murray and Patricia Lombardozzi and are blessed with five grandsons; Michael, Patrick and John Murray and Declan and Luke Lombardozzi as well their two soninlaws, Tim Murray and Santiago Lombardozzi. Mr. Speaker, I have known John and his brothers, Gerry, Kevin, Tim, Patrick and Brian for nearly four decades, they are a proud South Boston family. It is truly an honor and a pleasure to be able to share in this joyous occasion with a great couple and a wonderful family. I know that John and Susan are looking forward to celebrating their 50 years of marriage next month with their friends and family and I want to again congratulate them both on this wondrous occasion. RECOGNIZING JIM SPARKS HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Jim Sparks, a high school teacher in Georgia’s First Congressional District for 26 years. In 1994, while in his late 30s, Mr. Sparks left a corporate position in the transportation industry to pursue a career in education. At first, when he was hired by the Camden County school system, little did he expect that he would spend 26 years teaching and change a countless number of students’ lives. During his tenure, he has mainly taught high school U.S. history, but as Mr. Sparks says, his job was not to teach a particular class, it was to teach students. Since Mr. Sparks has been at Camden County High School it has more than quadrupled in the number of students. Mr. Sparks used his previous life experiences as a soldier in Vietnam and a corporate officer in the transportation industry to bring a unique dynamic to the classroom. This school year was his last, as Mr. Sparks is retired at the end of the year. His dedication to develop young minds is something that should inspire us all and I am thankful for his service to the youth of the First Congressional District of Georgia. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Mr. Claude Miller for his life of service, and artistic contributions to the State of Michigan and to my hometown of Flint, Michigan. On January 16, 2016, at the age of 74 years old Claude Miller died, leaving behind his wife and children. Throughout his long life, Claude was a testament to the community champions that form the foundations of our communities. Following an honorable discharge from service in the United States Air Force, Claude eventually settled in Flint, Michigan. There he dedicated his life to service as an advocate for the city he loved. A tireless volunteer, Claude was the very embodiment of the ‘Strong, Proud’ spirit of Flint. Claude had a passion for art, spending much of his remaining free time drawing, painting and taking classes at Mott Community College. There he built a reputation for his artistic abilities and passion for his craft. Following his death, the college hosted an exhibition of his art titled, ‘‘Faces, Places, and Spaces.’’ One piece depicting President Barack Obama was featured among that collection. That piece has made the long journey to Washington, D.C. where it has been proudly displayed in my office for the last week, prior to being committed to the White House and the President. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the life of Claude Miller for his commitment to our community, and for his artistic contributions. His life reminds us that art and service can become the cornerstones of a community and a life well lived. f 
VICTIMS IN CHINA, CUBA, MALAYSIA ILL–SERVED BY TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 launched a bold comprehensive publicprivate sector strategy that included sheltering, political asylum, and other protections for the victims; long jail sentences and asset confiscation for the traffickers; a myriad of preventative initiatives and tough sanctions for governments that failed to meet minimum standards prescribed in the TVPA. As the prime sponsor of that law, which also created the Trafficking in Persons (TIP) Report and tier rankings, I remain deeply disappointed and concerned that both last year’s TIP Report and the current one gave passing grades to several nations with horrific records of government complicity in human trafficking. Falsifying a country’s human trafficking record not only undermines the credibility of the report but was especially dehumanizing to the victims who suffer rape, cruelty and horrifying exploitation. The politically contrived passing grades for more than a dozen failing governments was exposed by a series of investigative reports by Reuters, which found that the professionals at the State Department’s TIP office made one set of recommendations—only to be overruled at a higher level for political reasons. A hearing I held last week looked closely at the newly released Trafficking in Persons Report, which assesses and ranks 188 countries each year on their records of prosecuting traffickers, protecting victims, and preventing human trafficking. Sadly, this year’s TIP Report has again failed many victims. Some of the rankings comport with the records of certain countries. Burma and Uzbekistan, for example, are designated Tier 3—as they should be. But other nations including trading partners Malaysia and China are given a free pass despite their horrific records of government complicity in human trafficking. Cuba, a dictatorship highly favored by this administration, is again falsely touted with a passing grade. China was also allowed to keep its Tier 2 Watch List ranking, despite the fact that the reason for their upgrade two years ago was found to be a fraud. Alexandra Harney, Jason Szep, and Matt Spetalnick of Reuters authored an expose on China’s politicized ranking, finding that, ‘‘Two years after China announced it was ending the ‘‘reeducation through labor’’ system, extrajudicial networks of detention facilities featuring torture and forced labor thrive in its place.’’ China had deceived the U.S. in 2014, and when that became apparent last year—we let them keep their illgotten upgrade in 2015, and again in 2016. I chair the Congressional Executive Commission on China and based on both sex and labor trafficking, China deserves a Tier 3 ranking—egregious violator— 
as much if not more than any other nation on the list. Malaysia, whose ranking was upgraded to the Tier 2 Watch List last year on the flimsiest of justifications and fears it would be disqualified from the TransPacific Partnership, was allowed to maintain its Tier 2 Watch List ranking—despite the fact that Malaysia faltered in its antitrafficking progress over the last year. In fact, Malaysia, a country with 4 million migrant workers, prosecuted fewer trafficking cases and convicted only 7 traffickers last year—that’s less than when it was a Tier 3 country. Meanwhile, women from Burma, Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines, and Nepal are trafficked to China for forced marriages or sexual exploitation. North Korean laborers worked under conditions described by experts as forced or slave labor to earn income for the North Korean government. Prisoners of conscience and other prisoners continue to be held in administration detention facilities where there are numerous credible reports of prisoners being trafficked for the purpose of organ harvesting. The State Department must get the TIP Report right, or we will lose the foundational tool created to help the more than 20 million victims of trafficking enslaved around the world today. A tier ranking is about protecting vulnerable lives—lives destroyed or saved by the onthe ground impact of a government’s inaction or action. The easiest cases for a Tier 3 ranking should be those where the government itself is profiting from human trafficking, such as in Cuba, where thousands of Cuban medical professionals labor in dangerous countries not of their choosing, their passports taken, their movements restricted, their families and licenses threatened—and their salaries heavily garnished—by the Cuban government. It is not a coincidence that Cuban law does not recognize labor trafficking. Maria Werlau testified at our hearing in March that, ‘‘. . . trafficking is a huge operation run by the government through numerous state enterprises with . . . accomplices, participants, sponsors, and promoters all over the world.’’ Cuba is also a known destination for child sex tourists, and Cuba reports no convictions for child sex tourism. Yet, Cuba is ranked Tier 2 Watch List. We’ve seen many countries take a Tier 3 ranking seriously and make real, systemic changes that improved their tier rankings, but more importantly, protected trafficking victims—countries such as South Korea and Israel. When the Bush administration branded South Korea and Israel Tier 3 based on their records, both countries enacted and implemented policies to combat human trafficking and were given earned upgrades for their verifiable actions. But other countries attempt to endrun the accountability system with endless, empty promises of action or mostly meaningless gestures of compliance. China sat on the Tier 2 Watch List for eight years, each year promising the State Department they would implement their antitrafficking plan. Each year, the State Department took the bait until Congress put a limit on the Tier 2 Watch List—two years only, unless the President gives the country a waiver. Well, China has once again promised to implement a plan—and the President just gave them a waiver to stay on the Watch List a third year. Tier rankings are about real prosecutions, real prevention, and real protection—for real people who are suffering as slaves. The TIP Report was meant to speak for the trafficking victims waiting, hoping, and praying for relief. While the 2016 TIP Report speaks for many of them, too many are still unheard. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION ON CONCURRING IN THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO S. 764 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I regret that I was not present for the vote on concurring in the Senate Amendment to the House Amendment to S. 764, dealing with labeling requirements for genetically modified organisms (GMOs). Had I been here, I would have supported this legislation as a step forward in improving consumers’ right to know more about the products they consume. I appreciate that many of my constituents, like many across the country, have expressed a desire to know whether the food they purchase and consume contains GMO ingredients. However, the status quo does not work for consumers, for manufacturers, or for our country. Today, if a consumer wants to know more about where the ingredients in their food come from, it is far from an easy process. Some manufacturers choose to print it on the packaging, others don’t. Some define a genetically modified ingredient one way, others another. There’s not much more clarity right now for food manufacturers. Depending on the state or even city, they may face different requirements about what foods to label, what ingredients need to be labeled, or how the label should look. Many companies have started taking steps to provide more information, but the lack of a consistent standard makes it difficult for consumers to access this information in an easy way. The bill that came before the House is not perfect, but I believe it moves us in the right direction. It creates a national standard, instead of a patchwork of state and local laws. And under this standard, it will be mandatory, not voluntary, for manufacturers to disclose whether a product has geneticallymodified ingredients, which will now be clearly defined. The measure includes some flexibility for manufacturers to determine for their products what format makes the most sense for this disclosure, but I am pleased that there are clear requirements in place that this disclosure must meet. There is certainly more that can be done to build awareness about what to look for on packaging and how the information can be used, and so I believe this bill can be the first step in a process of education and informationsharing that will help consumers. I also believe the use of electronic scannable codes holds a lot of promise, particularly as manufacturers come together to standardize the codes and information that is provided. I strongly feel that this information should remain easily accessible to the consumer, so that once a code is scanned, there is a direct link to information such as GMO disclosure, ingredients, and nutrition facts. I am heartened that many manufacturers have begun recognizing the need to make this information clearly available, and I look forward to continued progress in this area. Overall, I believe that the legislation considered by the House is a needed step forward from the situation we have today, and a significant improvement from previous legislation that did not require the kind of labeling that consumers have asked for. I support this version of the legislation, and I look forward to continuing to work to strengthen our food safety, nutrition, and antihunger laws and programs so that all consumers are able to access healthy, affordable food for themselves and their families. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 467 (H.R. 5631), which took place Thursday July 14, 2016; I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted AYE. I firmly stand with my colleagues in the House in support of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Ware County High School Robotics Team for winning the world championship at the 2016 Vex World Robotics Championship in Louisville, Kentucky. The students of Ware County High submitted two robots into the tournament—2015C, known as C–Bot, and 2015A, known as A– Bot. Both robots performed extremely well in Louisville, in the qualifying rounds. C–Bot won 4th place in programming skills while A–Bot finished with a high ranking in technology skills. Each robot finished in the top 50 within their divisions. Because of its performance in the qualifying rounds, the C–Bot was chosen to be part of a small team to compete for the world title where it was allied with robots from Connecticut. This alliance won the final competition for the world championship. The world title is an impressive achievement as 500 teams from North and South America, Asia, Europe, and the Middle East competed for the prestigious honor. I rise today to congratulate the Ware County High students on their hard work and achievement as they bring worldwide recognition to their school and the First Congressional District of Georgia. 
THE CASTRO REGIME’S ONGOING VIOLATIONS OF CIVIL AND POLITICAL RIGHTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, it has been one year and eight months since President Obama announced a major change in our country’s policy towards Cuba. It has been eleven months since Secretary Kerry visited Havana and reopened our embassy. And it has been nearly four months since our President visited Cuba. Clearly, a lot has changed in just over a year and a half. But for the people of Cuba, what has changed? At a hearing I convened last week, we examined the sorry state of civil and political rights in the Castro brothers’ Cuba, and how, despite all the promises by this administration that an opening to Cuba will lead to a greater opening domestically for the Cuban people we still see political repression—including, it must be noted, repression directed at the Afro Cuban population. This is not the first time this subcommittee has expressed concern about the lack of openness to democracy and dissent in Cuba. In fact, one of our witnesses, the courageous Dr. Oscar Biscet, offered dramatic testimony before this subcommittee in February of 2012, when he testified via telephone from the U.S. Interests Section in Havana after evading the Cuban police to get there. Likewise, on February 5, 2015 we held a hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights in Cuba: An opportunity squandered,’’ wherein we asked whether the Obama administration had used the considerable leverage that it wields to seek to better the condition of the Cuban people, or whether it was squandering the opportunity. Since then, our fear that the administration has not been pushing sufficiently for the release of political prisoners and other human rights concerns has only grown, with the focus on Obama’s ‘‘legacy’’ instead of the Cuban people. For example, when President Obama made his visit to Cuba, he and Raul Castro appeared in a photo op press conference. CNN’s Jim Acosta, much to his credit, asked the hard question about Cuba’s political prisoners. Raul Castro, much to his discredit, denied that there were ANY political prisoners in Cuba. ‘‘Give me a list of the political prisoners and I will release them immediately,’’ Castro taunted. ‘‘Just mention the list.’’ And President Obama just stood there. Well, Mr. President, I have a list, of more than fifty political prisoners compiled by my good friend and colleague ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN . This is a list that President Obama should have had in breast pocket, ready to pull out when Raul Castro dared him to call his bluff. When I came to Congress in 1981, with Ronald Reagan, in the days of the old Soviet Union, one of the first issues I worked on was the plight of Soviet Jews and refusniks who were either imprisoned or not allowed to leave the Soviet Union. I recall George Shultz, when he was Secretary of State, saying that whenever he met with his Soviet counterpart, and from him down to the lowest State Department officer, he would bring with him a list of imprisoned dissidents and human rights advocates. Front and center of any discussion, whether about nuclear arms or tensions in the Middle East, Secretary Shultz would bring up dissidents, naming them by name. It was this constant focus on human rights that helped move the Soviet government to allow Jews and others to leave the Soviet Union, people such as the great Natan Sharansky. And I have another list of names, that of six members of the Cuban National Front of Civic Resistance who have applied for visas to come to the United States but for some reason, inexplicably, our State Department has refused to allow to visit the United States. These are: Orlando Go´mez Echavarrı´a Jose Alberto Alvarez Bravo Yaı´te Diasnell Cruz Sosa Yoel Bravo Lo´pez La´zaro Ricardo Fiallo Lo´pez Ciro Aleixis Casanova Pe´rez I call upon Secretary Kerry to allow these brave people entry to the United States, so that they can meet with me and my colleagues and enlighten us further as to the current state of affairs in Cuba. Finally, I note that the administration has failed to secure the release of fugitives from justice such as Joanne Chesimard, who is on the FBI’s Most Wanted Terrorist list, convicted of killing New Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster. The administration must insist upon the unconditional return of Chesimard and all other fugitives from justice, as well as demand that the Castro regime respect the civil and political rights of the Cuban people, before making any further concessions. And to underscore the point, unconditional means unconditional—there should be no ‘‘swap’’ whereby we exchange convicted Cuban spies Ana Montes or Kendall Meyers for these fugitives as a concession to the Castro regime. The effect of that would be to trade Americans who have committed crimes in the United States for other Americans who have committed crimes in the United States, demoralizing our intelligence community further in the process. With that, I want to turn to our witnesses, noting as I do that last week, on July 13, it was the anniversary of the tugboat massacre of 1994, when 37 victims, including 11 children, were killed by the regime. How little has changed for the Cuban people. f 
POEM BY ALBERT CAREY CASWELL IN HONOR OF ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to submit the following poem written by Albert Carey Caswell in honor of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger’s upcoming 69th birthday. 
69 R EPSTOBE THE BEST (By Albert Carey Caswell) 69 reps to be the best Do we lead or do we rest? Do we build on our success? Do we fall or do we crest? Do we follow or do we lead? To give our world what she so needs Do we live large not narrow? Do we work out and do it now oh? Do we crush it, To find victory as such it Only by living the golden rule, Will we so shine like a jewel Pumping up our world so full Telling fear see you later Why you could even be the govenator Scheduling doubt for termination Eraser Telling it to ‘‘get out’’ Don’t be afraid to fail That’s the only way victory to nail To make dynamic gains You must feel the burn, the pain And what will we create, With each new rep that we so take For the greatness we so yearn 69 reps to be the best You must give your heart and soul To turn your dreams into gold By stretching ourselves beyond belief, For victory to achieve As your dreams you seek Saying ‘‘hasta la vista baby’’ to living meek Leaving dynamic gains all in your wake As quadzilla steps you take All in what our heart’s create Don’t be a girly man Like a commando take a stand 69 reps to be the best And what is the true measure of a man? Who before us now so stands For life is so very short So then what is it that we all hope to sport? All in the days of our lives report And who do we lift up? When in tough times never giving up? To make our lives so buff All in our reps of life’s as such Do we dare to push the envelope? To make dynamic gains all in our approach All in what our heart’s invoke For we only have so many rep’s to our world bless To be the best We must be bold, We must be strong We must work hard all day and night long If we wish to write our life’s song And as the years progress some of us shall not grow old Men like arnold never do so Whose heart’s never run cold With his heart of a child so yo Who see’s the good in all he beholds Whose smile to all heart’s call so Who never stop’s believing as new dreams he conceiving For he knows not the word defeat even And failure is not an option conceiving All in his austrianamerican heart which is beating Is a heart of a child who against all odds is competing As he let’s his dreams run wild With his greatest of all smiles and championship style If you want to get to the mountain top? There’s only one way, straight up 69 rep’s, but there’s a lot more left In this american hero to flex Maybe, sixtynine more? ‘‘work out, do it now’’ ‘‘crush it’’ ‘‘get in the chopper’’ 69 rep’s to be the best. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Ben Slade and all of his accomplishments as Executive Director of the St. Simons Land Trust. Over the last 11 years, the St. Simons Land Trust has worked to preserve land on St. Simons Island, Georgia, which is home to 12,000 residents as well as many marshes, creeks, rivers, and fish. The Land Trust works with willing property owners to preserve the beautiful land of this region and its significance to Georgia’s natural habitat. Mr. Slade has worked with the St. Simons Land Trust since its inception, leading the company from a small group to an organization that now includes 1,250 member households and 776 acres of land. During his time with the organization, Mr. Slade’s numerous accomplishments have been critical to the environmental success of the island. One of his most important accomplishments was his leadership in the purchase of the 604 acre Cannon’s Point area on St. Simons—the last intact maritime forest on the island. Later this year, Mr. Slade will retire as the Executive Director of the St. Simons Land Trust. I rise today to recognize his effort and accomplishments in bettering the island of St. Simon and wish him the best with his future endeavors. 
HOPE DEFERRED: SECURING ENFORCEMENT OF THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHILDREN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 18, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank everyone, especially all of the leftbehind parents, who attended a hearing I convened last week to discuss what the U.S. Department of State’s second annual report under the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act tells us about the Department’s implementation of the Goldman Act thus far. On a positive note, the numbers of new abductions from the United States in 2015 remained below their preGoldman Act mark, probably due to increased abduction prevention. According to the report, 600 more children were abducted to other countries last year, quickly replacing the 299 children, abducted in various years, who were returned. Overall, approximately 1,000 children remain in a foreign country, separated from their American parent. As many of you have experienced, international parental child abduction rips children from their homes and whisks them away to a foreign land, alienating them from the love and care of the parent and family left behind. Child abduction is child abuse, and it continues to plague families across the United States. For decades, the State Department has used ‘‘quiet diplomacy’’ to attempt to bring these children home. In a hearing I held on this issue back in 2009, thenAssistant Secretary of State Bernie Aronson called quiet diplomacy ‘‘a sophisticated form of begging.’’ Thousands of American families still ruptured and grieving from years of unresolved abductions confirm that quiet diplomacy is gravely inadequate. In 2014, Congress unanimously passed the Goldman Act to give teeth to requests for return and access. The actions against noncooperating governments required by the law escalate in severity, and range from official protests through diplomatic channels to the suspension of development, security, or other foreign assistance. Extradition of abducting parents also may be the case. The Goldman Act is a law calculated to get results, as we did in the return of Sean Goldman from Brazil in 2008. This year’s report, as required by the Goldman Act, singles out 19 countries in total, including India, Brazil, Japan, and Tunisia for failures to work with the United States in the return of abducted American children. For instance, the report notes 83 abductions to India still open at the end of the year—with 25 of those being new in 2015. Only one was closed with a courtordered return to the United States. These numbers will continue to climb each year until India creates a mechanism for resolution. Right now India is a magnet for abductions because taking parents are almost guaranteed to get away with their crime. Brazil had 17 abduction cases open at the end of 2015 with a 27 percent resolution rate. Brazil has been a Convention partner with the United States since 2003, and yet consistently fails to comply with the Convention. Devon Davenport, who has testified before this Subcommittee, has won every one of his 24 appeals in Brazil’s Courts over the last 7 years— and yet he still cannot get his daughter Nadia home. If there was ever a textbook case for sanctions, Brazil is it—they have met the legal threshold 10 times over. The Report lists Japan as a ‘‘country that has failed to comply with one or more of its Hague Convention obligations’’, specifically ‘‘in the area of enforcement of return orders.’’ Multiple parents have won pyrrhic victories in court, only to discover Japan has what the report calls ‘‘systemic flaws’’ with enforcement. What remains inexplicable is why Japan was kept off the list of noncompliant countries for a second year in a row when even the State Department condemned them for ‘‘systemic flaws’’ in their ability to enforce court orders to return U.S. children. Failure to enforce return orders is an automatic trigger for landing on the noncompliant list. One parent had to go outside the Convention framework to achieve enforcement in an extraordinary case resolved after the reporting period. The report should have also counted against Japan the 40 preConvention abduction cases it mentions as still pending—most of them for more than 5 years. Countries should be listed as worst offenders if they have high numbers of cases—30 percent or more—that have been pending more than a year. Countries also may be so listed if their law enforcement, judiciary, or central authority for abduction regularly fails in their duties under The Hague Convention or other controlling agreement; or if the country simply fails to work with the U.S. to resolve cases. Accurate reporting, including inclusion on the worst offenders list, is critical to family court judges across the country and parents considering their child’s travel to a foreign country where abduction or access problems are a risk. However, reporting is just step one. Once these countries are properly classified, the Secretary of State then determines which of the aforementioned actions the U.S. will apply to the country in order to encourage the timely resolution of cases. Such actions could bring an end to the nightmare of the Elias family, whose children, Jade and Michael, have been missing in Japan for 8 years. Such actions could end the nightmares of any of the parents who shared their stories at last week’s hearing. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 1 p.m., on Tuesday, July 19, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 5913–5919; were introduced. 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on July 15, 2016 as follows: H.R. 5912, making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–693). A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 5063, to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–694).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Arnold E. Resnicoff, Retired Chaplain, United States Navy, Washington, DC. 
Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following Members to the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: Representatives Velazquez and Pierluisi. 
Clerk Designation: Read a letter from the Clerk wherein she designated Mr. Robert Reeves, Deputy Clerk, and Mr. Robert Borden, Legal Counsel, to sign any and all papers and do all other acts in case of her temporary absence or disability.          Page H5020 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages 5019–20. Senate Referrals: S. 817, S. 818, S. Con. Res. 50, S. 1443, and S. 1935 were held at the desk. S. 3282 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. S. 2854 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. S. 2614 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Education and the Workforce. S. 3283 was referred to the Committee on Veterans Affairs. S. 3028 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. S. Con. Res. 41 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S. Con. Res. 46 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2:30 p.m. and adjourned at 2:37 p.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 1 p.m., Tuesday, July 19 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a Pro Forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Thursday, July 21, 2016 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. 
HOUSE Black, Diane, Tenn., E1153 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1151, E1152, E1153, E1155 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E1153, E1154 Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E1151 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1151 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1151, E1152 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E1152 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E1151 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1152, E1154, E1155 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1151 