Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 10,000 Degrees in honor of its 35th anniversary. A nonprofit located in Marin County, California, 10,000 Degrees has worked to get thousands of underserved students into and through college. Founded in 1981, 10,000 Degrees has awarded approximately $56 million in scholarships during its three and a half decades, and has over 18,000 alumni of the program. Participants come from lowincome households, and approximately 90 percent are the first in their families to attend college. Currently, the program serves 4,500 family members and students annually—nearly 90 percent of whom are people of color—and facilitates millions in scholarships and nonloan financial aid. Not only does 10,000 Degrees help pay for higher education, they are committed to preparing students for college success. With early college awareness training, financial aid counseling, and mentoring services, the organization ensures that over 80 percent of their students complete college—nearly three times the national rate of low income students, and significantly higher than both the national average and the average of students from affluent families. 10,000 Degrees has been an effective organization since its origin, with a wideranging impact that has touched thousands of lives in Marin County. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting to honor and thank 10,000 Degrees on their 35th anniversary for their impressive efforts toward making college accessible to all, and to wish them success in the decades to come. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on April 29, 2016, on Roll Call Number 178 on the Motion to Recommit with Instructions on H.R. 4901, ‘‘To Reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes,’’ I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on the Motion to Recommit with Instructions. On April 29, 2016, on Roll Call Number 179 on passage of H.R. 4901, ‘‘To Reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes,’’ I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on passage of H.R. 4901. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE HONORS COUNCIL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the National Collegiate Honors Council on their 50th Anniversary. NCHC is devoted to educational excellence, serving over 800 colleges and universities and 325,000 students in varying disciplines across the nation. Two institutions of higher education in my district are NCHC members, Long Island University and SUNY College at Old Westbury. Long Island University boasts academically talented students from each corner of our country studying in an array of majors. The Long Island University Honors Program offers high achieving students the opportunity to focus on a multitude of topics as they prepare themselves for professional careers and postgraduate studies. SUNY Old Westbury’s Honors College is more than just academics. The Honors College strives to ensure an enriched academic and social experience for its members and to create an environment that fosters active and innovative learning. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in commending Long Island University, SUNY Old Westbury and the National Collegiate Honors Council for their outstanding contributions to our nation’s educational and professional communities. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to amend my vote on Roll Call No. 179 (Motion to Recommit H.R. 4901) to YES. I inadvertently voted in the negative. In my view, every child deserves access to a quality education without fear of being ostracized, punished, or discriminated against because of their race, religion, gender, ability, or because they are LGBT. I have long been an outspoken advocate for efforts to protect individuals from discrimination because of who they are or whom they love. That has not and will not change. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in celebrating the 26th annual DC Black Pride celebration on May 27–29, 2016. DC Black Pride 2016 is a multiday festival featuring a reception, films, a poetry slam, a church service, educational workshops, community town hall meetings, a basketball tournament, an awards ceremony, and a health and wellness expo, among other events. We in the District of Columbia are pleased and proud that the DC Black Pride celebration is widely considered to be one of the world’s preeminent Black Pride celebrations, drawing more than 30,000 people to the nation’s capital from across the United States as well as 
from Canada, the Caribbean, South Africa, Great Britain, France, Germany, and the Netherlands. As the very first Black Pride festival, DC Black Pride fostered the beginning of the Center for Black Equity (formerly known as the International Federation of Black Prides, Inc. (IFBP)) and the ‘‘Black Pride Movement,’’ which now consists of 40 Black Prides on four continents. The Center For Black Equity, the celebration’s organizing body, chose: ‘‘I AM U. U R ME. WE ARE PRIDE!’’ as the theme for this year’s celebration. DC Black Pride is a project of the Center For Black Equity and is coordinated by Earl D. Fowlkes, Jr. and Kenya Hutton with assistance from a volunteer advisory board, which coordinates this annual event and consists of Andrea WoodyMacko; Shannon Garcon; Genise ChambersWoods; Re´ginald ShawRichardson; and Gladece Knight. I ask the House to join me in welcoming all attending the 26th annual DC Black Pride celebration in Washington, D.C., and I take this opportunity to remind the celebrants that United States citizens who reside in the District of Columbia are taxed without full voting representation in Congress. 
CONGRATULATING VALLEY HOPE AT GRAPEVINE ON THEIR FIFTEENTH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Valley Hope at Grapevine on their fifteenth anniversary of service in the DallasFort Worth Metroplex. Nearly fifty years ago in Norton, Kansas, Valley Hope began providing affordable treatment services to those within their community suffering from addiction and needing assistance. Since first opening in 1967, Valley Hope has grown to offer their services in seven states and provides support to thousands of individuals in need. Over the last fifteen years, Valley Hope has provided the residents of Grapevine and the DallasFort Worth Metroplex with addiction treatment and rehabilitative services, impacting the lives of countless Texans and their families struggling with addiction. By providing comprehensive treatment services for substance use disorders, Valley Hope is able to increase the quality of life of their patients and allow them the opportunity to live their lives free from the anchors of addiction. The nation’s substance abuse epidemic continues to spread throughout our cities, our communities, and our schools. I commend Valley Hope for their efforts to address this crisis and tackle an issue of such great importance head on. Rehabilitation services such as those offered by Valley Hope provide a tremendous benefit to the community. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the tireless efforts Valley Hope has made towards ending chemical dependency and substance use disorders. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating Valley Hope at Grapevine on their fifteenth anniversary of service. f 
IN HONOR OF ELENA IZCALLI MEDINA FOR HER RECOGNITION BY RENOWNED POET LAUREATE JUAN FELIPE HERRERA AT THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Elena Izcalli Medina on being honored by United States Poet Laureate Juan Felipe Herrera at the Library of Congress. The 21st Poet Laureate Consultant Juan Felipe Herrera celebrated the conclusion of the first year of his laureateship by honoring young poet Elena Izcalli Medina at the Library of Congress. Elena Izcalli is a 7th grader attending High Tech Middle School in Chula Vista, California. She has been writing poetry for four years. She first received praise from Herrera in 2012 for her poem ‘‘Where I am from’’ which Herrera said ‘‘contained a philosophical reflection about how all of us are impermanent. It was just a solid poem where she really touched base with wisdom.’’ Herrera made an unprecedented gesture by arranging for Elena Izcalli and her family to attend the last lecture of his first term. Herrera presented Elena Izcalli to guests and dignitaries at the Library of Congress where she read her poem ‘‘One Day’’ on April 13, 2016. I would like to submit her poem. 
ONEDAY (by Elena Izcalli Medina) One day the border will come down And all the colors will flow and We will grant ALL a crown. One day police brutality will be no more And ALL will have equality no matter who you Are fighting for. One day we will ALL love each other No matter what skin what religion because we are from the same mother. One day we will treat the environment like a human being And ALL of nature Can go back to being free. One day when someone is shot Black and brown Lives will matter And ALL will stand up to the cops. One day we will have peace between countries and instead of starting war we will grant each other awards One day we will find each other the same and realize we ALL go through sunshine and rain. One day we will look at women so they are not objectified But we’ll pay attention to who they are inside and instead of calling them bossy We will take away the y. ’Cause I wonder why, why this belief is still alive. My hair flies freely in the wind Me being proud of the color of my skin I inhale clean air and exhale my worries But one worry that stays inside me is the idea that this one day might not come One day. One day we’ll all be free and proud to be Under the same sun singing songs of freedom *Last stanza borrowed from Matisyahu f HONORING 23 WORLD WAR II VETERANS FROM OREGON FOR THEIR HONOR FLIGHT TO THE NATION’S CAPITAL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 23 World War II veterans from Oregon who will be visiting their memorial in Washington, D.C. through Honor Flight of Oregon. On behalf of a grateful state and country, we welcome these heroes to our nation’s capital. The veterans on this flight from Oregon are as follows: Clifford W. Anderson, Army; Bernard D. Brown, Army; Charles E. Brown, Army; Donald S. Doughton, Army; Wayne G. Homes, Army; Alvin W. Mohr, Army; Mikio Tamiyasu, Army; Delmar G. Wilks, Army; William A.P. Lawrence, Army Air Forces; Robert E. Parry, Army Air Forces; John T. Reeves, Army Air Forces; Ray A. Snook, Army Air Forces; Richard L. Harriman, Merchant Marines; William D. Alder, Navy; Alvin O. Bradford, Navy; George W. Hayes, Navy; Gorder R. Hoefer, Navy; John T. Hyer, Navy; Raymond M. Mader, Navy; James D. Walker, Navy; William E. Wetmore, Navy; George W. Zentgraf, Navy; and Jeanne E. Heuett, Women’s Army Corps. These 23 heroes join the estimated 20,000 to 25,000 veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. from their home states in 2016, adding to the more than 150,000 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Network of volunteers nationwide since 2005. I would also like to recognize the nine volunteers traveling on this trip who have also served our country: Eden R. Brown, Army Air Forces; Clement K. Hyer, Army; James E. Morley, Army; Theodore J. Riehl, Army; Marc R. Snook, Army; Michael Allegre, Army Air Forces; George W. Hyes, Marine Corps; and William M. Lawrence, Navy. These brave men and women put their lives on the line for our freedom, and they continue their dedication to service by contributing to this great cause and honoring those that came before them. Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the courage of these brave Americans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in defense of the freedoms we have today. My colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. 
RECOGNIZING THE LEADERSHIP AND DEDICATION OF DR. RON & MARY THOMAS TO THE UNIVERSITY OF PUGET SOUND AND THE GREATER TACOMA COMMUNITY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Ron & Mary Thomas, who this spring will complete their thirteenth and final year at the University of Puget Sound in Tacoma, WA. Dr. Thomas has served as the University’s thirteenth President since 2003 and has left a historic mark on this already prestigious institution of higher education. The University of Puget Sound is a more diverse, inclusive, comprehensive, accessible, and transformational place because of their leadership. Thousands of students, faculty, staff, and community members have been positively impacted by their presence in this community. Prior to arriving at Puget Sound, Dr. Thomas served as a faculty member at the University of Chicago, Harvard University, and Trinity College. His career in higher education is decorated with numerous recognitions for contributions in writing, student life, and institutional leadership. With the arrival of Ron and Mary Thomas to Tacoma in the summer of 2003, the University of Puget Sound began its historic growth and transformation. Mr. Speaker, for the past thirteen years, Dr. Thomas has led and overseen a renewal of the already beautiful University of Puget Sound campus. To complement the already stunning views of Mt. Rainier and towering Douglas fir trees, Dr. Thomas and his staff directed over $200 million in campus capital improvements. These projects include a new academic science complex, upgrades in residential facilities, and athletic and recreational centers to bolster student life. Thankfully, Dr. Thomas and his team ensured that these projects were encompassed into a thoughtful and comprehensive campus master plan. In addition to physical improvements on campus, Dr. Thomas and his wife Mary will forever be remembered in Tacoma for their dedication to the community and for successfully following through on their vision to connect the Puget Sound campus to the community that surrounds it. Since their arrival, Ron and Mary have been generous with their time and resources in supporting the civic and cultural institutions of Tacoma. Mr. Speaker, during his tenure at UPS, Dr. Thomas helped create the ‘‘Tacoma Public Schools Commitment,’’ which created a clear pathway for local students to attend this private, liberalarts education at an affordable price. Given the community’s diversity and challenges in paying for higher education, this initiative will help grow future generations of engaged and educated citizens of Tacoma. Mr. Speaker, I join the larger Tacoma communities in expressing my gratitude today in the United States Congress for Dr. Ron and Mary Thomas for their thirteen years of leadership and dedication. As the proud Representative for Tacoma, WA in the House of Representatives, I offer my best wishes on their future adventures together. CONGRATULATING THE BAND CHEAP TRICK FOR THEIR INDUCTION INTO THE ROCK N’ ROLL HALL OF FAME HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the band Cheap Trick on their induction into the Rock n’ Roll Hall of Fame. Cheap Trick is rightfully being honored by this iconic institution for their outstanding contributions to the music industry. Cheap Trick, from our Congressional District in Rockford, Illinois, has performed over 5,000 times in the last four decades, sold over 20 million records and has 40 gold and platinum recording awards. They have also been recognized by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences for their incredible contributions to music and pop culture. Cheap Trick has been a staple of rock and roll for the past four decades, and their music has provided inspiration for young musicians for years and for decades to come. Despite their demanding tour schedule, Cheap Trick has always remembered their roots in Rockford and has always found time to perform in their hometown. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Cheap Trick for their contributions to the rock and roll community, and for always making Rockford proud. I congratulate them again on their well earned induction into the Rock n’ Roll Hall of Fame and wish them the best of luck in their future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Horizon Community Middle School for their participation at the White House Science Fair and for their recognition as a Samsung Solve for Tomorrow National Winner. A classroom of 40 seventh and eighth graders designed and produced a fully functioning prosthetic limb for local disabled Marine Corps veteran, Kyle Kelly. The limb was designed to help Kyle live a more active lifestyle, even allowing him to hike, ski, and skateboard comfortably. Three students from the Horizon group, SimonPeter Frimpong, Grayson Fast, and Maya MaxfieldVillard presented this project to President Obama at the annual White House Science Fair on April 13th. It’s inspiring to see students taking an interest in solving realworld problems through STEM while also helping veterans in need. These student innovators serve as an example for students throughout Colorado and the United States. I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to the students and teachers of Horizon Community Middle School for all of your hard work on this important cause. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my floor vote on roll call vote number 155. Had I been present for the vote, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call vote number 155. 
IN RECOGNITION OF POLISH DAY AT THE CONNECTICUT STATE CAPITOL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize today’s Polish Day celebration at the Connecticut State Capitol, and to congratulate the Polish people in celebrating the 225th anniversary of Europe’s oldest written constitution. Poland adopted the first written constitution in Europe on May 3, 1791. With the leadership of King Stanislaw August, Poland’s constitution established many of the same principles of freedom and democracy ratified in the United States, like freedom of religion, the separation of powers, and political equality. I am proud to represent New Britain, Connecticut, which has more residents of Polish descent than any other community in our great state. PolishAmericans have made invaluable contributions to the social, cultural, and economic life and history of communities in central and northwest Connecticut, and throughout our great state. As a member of the Congressional Caucus on Poland, I am committed to strengthening the bilateral relationship between Poland and the United States. Those bonds of friendship date back centuries, and have only grown stronger through solidarity in the Cold War and continued collaboration to expand economic opportunity and promote security in the region and around the world. So Mr. Speaker, on this Polish Constitution Day, it is my privilege to join neighbors across Connecticut and the entire United States in celebrating the 225th anniversary of Poland’s first constitution. I know that this House joins me in honoring the many contributions of the people of Poland and those of Polish descent in developing democracy and furthering the cause of freedom throughout the world. 
H.R. 5130, THE ‘‘STOP INFANT MORTALITY AND RECIDIVISM REDUCTION ACT OF 2016’’ (‘‘SIMARRA ACT’’) 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 3, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, last Friday I introduced the ‘‘Stop Infant Mortality and Recidivism Reduction Act of 2016,’’ or the ‘‘SIMARRA Act,’’ which will help the Federal Bureau of Prisons to improve the effectiveness 
and efficiency of the Federal prison system for pregnant offenders, by establishing a pilot program of criticalstage, developmental nurseries in Federal prisons for children born to inmates. It is time that our nation recognizes a long persistent need to break the cycle of generational, institutional incarceration amongst mothers convicted of nonviolent crimes and the children they birth behind prison bars. H.R. 5130, the ‘‘SIMARRA Act of 2016,’’ gives those infants born to incarcerated mothers a chance to succeed in life. ‘‘SIMARRA’’ is not merely yet another second chance program, demanding leniency from the criminal justice system. Instead, H.R. 5130 asks our national criminal justice system what it can do for those young Americans born and relegated to a life of nearly impossible odds of survival. ‘‘SIMARRA’’ provides that first chance—a first chance for American infants—that many of their mothers, born themselves to mothers behind bars, never received. We have a unique opportunity to nurture infants with the ‘‘SIMARRA Act of 2016,’’ providing them a true head start. A 2015 article in the National, estimated that at least 10,000 babies are born to American prisoners annually. This issue is affecting more children and women than we realize. The New York Times reported that approximately 25 percent of incarcerated women are pregnant, carrying children, on admission to prison, or gave birth during the previous year, still requiring special medical and nutritional resources for the health of their infants, as well as themselves. Current Federal Bureau of Prison policy dictates that, in most cases, incarcerated mothers relinquish their children immediately after giving birth, handing them over to friends or family members, and most often to the foster care system. Eleven percent of those children separated from incarcerated mothers and placed into foster care experienced at least two changes in caregivers during the period of the mother’s incarceration; and sometimes these mothers, even when they have short prison sentences, never see their child again—forever lost to the fostercare system. This practice is devastating the wellness and safety of American infants, denying them the ability to lactate, bond and thrive with their mother’s host body, as healthy infants require during the critical stage of development. Children born to mothers in prison and removed to social services programs also experience parental separation, and often illicit substance use, mental illness, and domestic violence, all of which are adverse childhood experiences associated with morbidity and premature mortality. Neonatal health science tells us that positive social interactions in a child’s early years are considered critical to the development of healthy social relationships and personality growth. Studies indicate that, upon entering early childhood educational programs, children born to incarcerated women are at higher risk of behavioral health problems than their peers. It should not surprise anyone familiar with the juvenile criminal justice system that children of incarcerated women are more likely to be caught up in the criminal justice system themselves, deflating the upward trajectory of their life’s potential. The writing is on the wall: there is a positive, statistically significant correlation between the total incarceration rate and the infant mortality. Studies reveal that newborn babies separated from their mothers, due to confinement, suffer health and psychological complications such as weakened attachment, bonding and abandonment at exponentially compounded rates. Ten states currently operate successful similar programs and studies have shown that 71 percent of the babies served attained attachment goals with their inmatemothers while in a prison nursery setting, a percentage greater than that reported by most lowrisk, community children whose mothers had no criminal history or involvement. Nursery participants also had a lower recidivism rate compared to nonparticipating mothers. In spite of the fact that the mothers of most of these children had not internalized secure attachment in their own childhoods, 71 percent of the babies achieved secure attachment with their own mothers while in the prison nursery setting. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the national infant mortality rate is 5.96 deaths per 1,000 births, increasing to 7.9 infant deaths per 1,000 live births for Hispanic inmates, and 14.3 infant deaths per 1,000 live births among African American inmates. Other studies have documented that parental incarceration elevates the risk of early infant death by 29.6 percent for the average infant, concentrating effects during the postneonatal period. The data demonstrates that incarceration compounds women’s depression and the risk of contracting infectious or chronic stressrelated illnesses, which may harm infant health through numerous mechanisms also increasing infant mortality rates. The ‘‘SIMARRA Act’’ will decrease unprecedentedly high current infant mortality rates and allow inmate mothers to provide healthy and safe gestation to protect their unborn, as well as bond with infants during their first 30 months of life, designated by the CDC as one of the most critical stages of development. Further, H.R. 5130 simultaneously implements risk and needs assessments, risk reduction incentives, and risk and recidivism reduction programs to address the healthcare, safety and rehabilitative needs of newmother inmates as they serve their sentence. Mass incarceration not only fosters inequality but also diminishes a child’s chances of surviving its first year of life, which combined together can further hinder a child’s life chances. The most likely longterm mechanism through which imprisonment affects infant mortality is through its effects on maternal health. Mr. Speaker, as a nation we do not have a person to waste, so we must embrace practices that nurture the bonds between mother and child. The ‘‘SIMARRA Act’’ will provide resources and programming to ensure a healthy and safe environment for these children during their critical stages of development. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in sponsoring and supporting H.R. 5130, the ‘‘Stop Infant Mortality and Recidivism Reduction Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘SIMARRA Act.’’ 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 11:30 a.m., on Thursday, May 5, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 5164–5166; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 718, were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4957, to designate the Federal building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’ (H. Rept. 114–534); H.R. 4231, to direct the Librarian of Congress to obtain a stained glass panel depicting the seal of the District of Columbia and install the panel among the stained glass panels depicting the seals of States which overlook the Main Reading Room of the Library of Congress Thomas Jefferson Building (H. Rept. 114–535, Part 1); and H.R. 4641, to provide for the establishment of an interagency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–536).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Rooney (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H2153 Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 3 p.m. and adjourned at 3:02 p.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11:30 a.m., Thursday, May 5 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, May 6 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. 
HOUSE Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E647 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E647 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E647 DiazBalart, Mario, Fla., E645 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E645 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E647 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E645 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E645 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E647 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E647 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E646 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E645 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E645 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E646 Walden, Greg, Ore., E646 