Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Sisters of the Holy Family, the only religious order founded in New Orleans that still exists today. The Sisters of the Holy Family were founded in 1842 by Henriette Delille, a free woman of color. Sisters of the Holy Family defied the norms of the time and chose to live a chaste life dedicated to God. In a time where white communities were not accepting of black communities and laws forbade blacks from living with white; there was much need for a set of church and civil authorities to give the people a place to call home in the midst of so much racial aggression. In memory of Henriette, the fearless and gracious leader of the Sisters of the Holy Family, St. Mary’s Academy the first secondary school for free girls of color was founded in New Orleans. Today the school educates coed students from grades prekindergarten to fifth grade while only girls are educated from sixth through twelfth grade. St. Mary’s Academy graduates have become prominent professionals across the U.S. For over 174 years, The Sisters of the Holy Family have continued their mission of educating the youth, caring for the sick and elderly, amongst many other dutiful deeds. The sisters have been recognized by civil and church authorities for their dedicated services to the people of God. By staying connected to God’s transformational love as well as ensuring the continued growth of St. Mary’s Academy. The Sisters will live in the hearts of hundreds for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the courage, commitment and sacrifice that the Sisters of the Holy Family have shown for over 174 years. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the 25th anniversary of Loudoun Interfaith Relief and their steadfast service to the good citizens of the Loudoun community. I would like to personally commend the volunteers who so selflessly dedicate themselves to providing support to those less fortunate without asking anything in return. These notable citizens truly embody the very best of our nation’s values through their service to the community and commitment to the betterment of others’ lives. Loudoun Interfaith Relief has increased their service exponentially since forming in 1991, growing into the largest food pantry in Loudoun County. From 2013 to 2014 alone, the total assistance rose from 40,959 to 52,955 and continues to grow regularly. The pantry is open six days a week and has over 320 volunteers working daily to help provide services to those in need. This growth is a clear testament to the outstanding dedication to service conducted by the staff and volunteers at Loudoun Interfaith Relief. Mr. Speaker, it brings me immense pride to recognize such a fine group, and I sincerely hope that we all can live up to their tremendous example. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Loudoun Interfaith Relief. I wish them all the best and hope that they continue to be a positive example of service to the community. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary career and lifetime of leadership of Mr. William Patterson as he receives a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Boys Scouts of America—San Francisco Bay Area Council. Mr. Patterson’s dedication and contributions to the San Francisco Bay Area have aided in the success and advancement of thousands of people and he is widely recognized as one of Oakland’s civic champions due to his involvement in many political campaigns and community organizations in the last four decades. Mr. Patterson first learned to help others at all times when he became a Boy Scout in 1948. As a Scout, Mr. Patterson learned the values of Scout Law that would ultimately guide his life of service. Further, Mr. Patterson received both his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees from San Francisco State University. Mr. Patterson went on to serve as the President of The East Bay Municipal Utility District’s (EBMUD) Board of Directors and left a lasting impact. Mr. Patterson was able to significantly expand the retirement fund assets. He is also a retired Oakland Parks and Recreation Manager, who has been credited widely by many established athletes who have gone on to gain Hall of Fame Recognition, including the likes of basketball’s Bill Russell an baseball’s Joe Morgan. In addition, Mr. Patterson was a close confidant and advisor to the late Oakland Mayor Lionel Wilson and worked for the Oakland Parks and Recreation Commission for thirty seven years until his retirement. He is the only former employee to serve as a member of the Oakland Parks and Recreation Commission, displaying his exceptional dedication to the greater Oakland community. Mr. Patterson has an extensive and impressive background of involvement in the community. Mr. Patterson was a threeterm president of the Oakland chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), a sevenyear past chair for the NAACP Life Membership Committee and eight year member of the NAACP National Life Membership Committee. He served as Chair of The Alameda County Juvenile Delinquency Prevention Committee and Chair of its Public Ethics and Parks and Recreation Commission, the Workforce Investment Board, and Pardee Museum Board. In addition to his impressive and extensive career, he has received countless awards in recognition of his accomplishments from government, community and political organizations. Some of the most honorable awards includes: California Attorney General’s Award of Excellence in Civil Rights, City of Oakland Living Legends Award, the naming of Bill Patterson Park, African American Water Leadership Coalition (AAWLC) Legacy Award, Paul Lawrence Dunbar High School Legacy Award, McClymonds High School Legacy Award, and Shiloh Church of Oakland Living Legacy Award. Mr. Patterson currently lives in Oakland, California with his wife and son; he remains active in numerous community activities. Currently, he serves as a Board Member of The Joe Morgan Youth, Oakland Urban Strategies Council, Oakland NAACP Executive Committee, the Oakland East Bay Black Elected Officials Council and as an advisor to Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf. Mr. Patterson is a member of Oakland’s Rotary Club #3, Golden Heritage Life Member of NAACP, and a member of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity. On a personal note, Bill has been a supporter and colleague for many years. I value his expertise, his brilliance, and most importantly, his friendship. Today, California’s 13th Congressional District salutes and honors a great friend of the Bay Area and a true champion of civil service, Mr. William Patterson. His work with the NAACP, EBMUD, Oakland’s Parks and Recreation and embodiment of Scout Law has had a tremendously positive impact on California’s 13th District, and we are lucky to have him remain active in our community in all of his future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 4th Annual Taste of Ethiopia held on August 6, 2016. The Taste of Ethiopia is a celebration as well as a cultural immersion to showcase music, food, art, crafts, culture, fashion show, and Ethiopian dance. It allows visitors a taste of Ethiopia without ever having to leaving Colorado, and also serves to bring all Ethiopians together. It is a celebration that combines fun and education. 
I am proud that the 6th District of Colorado is home to the largest Ethiopian community in the state of Colorado, and I am honored to have worked with members of this community on my staff. The Ethiopian community not only offers a beautiful and vibrant culture, but their dedication to hard work, family, and education, are also attributes that can be admired by all. The achievements of the Ethiopian community are highly visible in my Congressional District. I look forward to taking part in the festivities again this year with my esteemed constituents. I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to Taste of Ethiopia and its entire staff for their hard work these past four years. 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARS CELEBRATING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF M&MS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge Mars Inc., which is celebrating its 75th year of producing M&Ms to the good citizens of our nation this year. Mars is our county’s oldest independently owned company, and I would like to personally congratulate the Mars family and their associates for the continued dedication to excellence in forming such an iconic brand. This company embodies the core of this nation’s values through their investment to our community and their continued outstanding performance. The Mars Company has ranked as one of the top places to work by Fortune Magazine since their inception in 1911. In 1957 the Mars Foundation was established to provide grants to conservation groups and nonprofits serving the greater Washington, D.C. area while also maintaining a local presence in annual McLean events. This is a clear testament to the outstanding work which is conducted by this caring family and they are deserving of recognition. Mr. Speaker, it brings me immense pride to recognize such a fine group, and I sincerely hope that we all can live up to their tremendous example. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Mars family and their business. I wish them continued success and hope that they remain a strong positive presence in our community for years to come. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Mrs. Imogene Burris. With her passing May 27, 2016, we honor her brilliant social justice work. Much of Mrs. Burris’ life was spent improving the lives of those less fortunate both in her personal and professional life. Mrs. Burris, for many years, was a business woman where she operated Summerside Homes, Vallejo, facilities for the developmentally disabled. She treated the clients as her own children and insisted that all employees treat the clients in the same manner. In addition to her impressive and important career with Summerside Homes, she was active in many community and business organizations including the National Council of Negro Women, Delta Sigma Theta, the Continentals of Omega Boys and Girls Club of Vallejo. In her personal life, she had a tremendous wit and enjoyed dialogue on all kinds of subjects especially those involving current events and the status of the African American community. She instilled in everyone around her the desire to lead a life that makes a difference by improving the lives of those less fortunate than you. Mrs. Burris loved to travel to learn more about the world and interact with all sorts of experiences. Mrs. Burris is well remembered by her family and community as a stylish dresser and a hallmark was her grand and colorful hats. For many years she got a new hat for every Christmas, Easter, Mother’s Day and her birthday. She had a hat for all occasions with matching purse, gloves and shoes. Mrs. Burris’ community will also miss the delectable soul food she cooked, especially her well regarded peach cobbler. Mrs. Burris was married for 67 years to the late DeWitt Burris and they had 6 children, two of whom preceded her in death. She is survived by a daughter Faye Anderson, a retired Middle School principal with San Francisco Unified School District, and two sons: Rev. Dr. Ronald Burris, an Associate Professor of church history at the American Baptist Seminary of the West and Pastor of Temple Baptist Church in Richmond, and John Burris, a law professor at North Carolina Central University School of Law. Mrs. Burris has a host of grandchildren, great grandchildren, greatgreat grandchildren, and several generations of nieces and nephews all whom adored her and are mourning her passing. She was the ‘‘grand dame’’ and Matriarch who took great pride in family, friends and the community at large. All who met her could feel her kindness and sincerity. Her motto was ‘‘If I can be helpful, I will’’. Today, California’s 13th Congressional District salutes the legacy of Mrs. Imogene Burris. Her contributions have truly impacted countless lives through the Bay Area. I join all of Mrs. Burris’ loved ones in celebrating her incredible life and offer my most sincere condolences. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the Bank of Clarke County during its 135th anniversary year, and to congratulate all who have been affiliated with the bank and its holding company, Eagle Financial Services, Inc., for 135 years of successful operation of a nationally recognized community banking business that has provided excellent banking services for my constituents in the northern Shenandoah Valley and western Loudoun County. The Bank of Clarke County is steeped in a rich history. It was founded in 1881, fifteen years after the end of the Civil War, as the Bank of Berryville. Thereafter, through the turbulence and uncertainty of two world wars, a depression and several recessions, not to mention strong competition from larger banks, the challenges of the global economy, cyber security threats and excessive government regulation, the able leadership of the Bank of Clarke County has guided the institution to steady growth and prosperity. The bank’s business has been so consistent that, since 1986, it has increased its dividend each year, and, for the fourth year in a row, American Banker magazine has named it one of the Top 200 Community Banks in the nation. The Bank of Clarke County has been an extraordinarily constructive member of the communities that it has served. In addition to helping countless Virginians buy homes, start businesses, and invest in the future, it has generously contributed to a variety of worthy causes, including the Independence Day Fireworks at the Clarke County Fairgrounds and the classic car show in Leesburg, called CruiseIn, whose proceeds benefit the Tree of Life Ministries in western Loudoun County. Over the years, the bank has also made a huge difference to the quality of education of Clarke County students, making generous annual contributions to the Clarke County Education Foundation, including for the Jack Hardesty Memorial Scholarship which is named after a beloved former leader of Clarke County who was also a Director of the bank. It also funds the Bank of Clarke County Endowed Scholarship, which is presented annually to a Clarke County High School senior who will be attending Lord Fairfax Community College and majoring in business or a related field. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, during its 135th anniversary, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Chairman of the Board Tom Gilpin, President and CEO Johnny Milleson and all the hard working employees of the Bank of Clarke County and Eagle Financial Services, Inc., for claiming a special place in the history of Clarke County and the Commonwealth of Virginia as one of the top community banks in the nation. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the tenure and accomplishments of a community leader, a recognized advocate for affordable housing, and a dedicated public servant. Tempe City Councilmember Corey Woods served the neighborhoods and families of Tempe with honor for eight years and stepped down last month to pursue new opportunities. During his eightyear tenure on the Tempe City Council Mr. Woods focused on increasing affordable housing in Tempe, a growing and vibrant community in my district that encompasses Arizona State University. Thanks in large part to Mr. Woods’ efforts Tempe has received over $2.3 million in funding specifically 
for new and expanded affordable housing projects. I was proud to work with Mr. Woods and the entire Tempe City Council on other projects to increase the quality of life for Tempe residents, such as the new Tempe Streetcar project and the Valley Metro Light Rail. I believe Tempe will be better off for generations to come thanks to Mr. Woods’ leadership and vision. I look forward to many more great accomplishments from Mr. Woods through his role as the Chief Operating Officer at the Greater Phoenix Urban League and through his work in the community. I thank him for his extraordinary service to Tempe and look forward to working with him in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary career of Mr. Junious Williams, who is retiring from the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Urban Strategies Council after more than twenty years of service. Mr. Williams has an impressive education background, holding a Juris Doctorate in Law, and a Bachelor’s degree in Sociology, from the University of Michigan. He began his legal career primarily as a champion of equal educational opportunity for minorities and inner city youth. In addition to private law practice, he has been an expert consultant in numerous school desegregation cases around the country. He founded the Saginaw (Michigan) Student Rights Center and was cofounder of the Ann Arbor Student Advocacy Center. Mr. Williams worked closely with a number of metropolitan school districts and parent groups on school desegregation issues, education equity and the administration of fair student discipline for minority and underprivileged students. Most notably, Mr. Williams served as Associate Director of the Programs for Educational Opportunity at the University of Michigan’s School of Education. After moving to California, he served as an ally to residentled basebuilding organizations on issues from developing small schools, to increasing sitebased decisionmaking in Oakland Unified School District (OUSD), to negotiation and implementation of community benefits agreements so that benefits of development are equitably distributed. Further, Mr. Williams played a key role in transforming Oakland’s public schools into hubs that address the needs of students and their families, beginning with his leadership of the movement for Village Centers and culminating in his efforts to help OUSD become one of the first FullService Community School districts in the nation. Mr. Williams has worked on numerous community building and community development efforts in Oakland, the Bay Area and other cities across the country. He currently serves as a founder and Board Chair for the Oakland Community Land Trust, which is working to acquire and rehabilitate vacant, foreclosed properties in Oakland and make these housing units available to low income buyers. He also serves as CoChair of the Steering Committee for the Oakland Emerald Cities Collaborative, a national nonprofit network of organizations working together to advance a sustainable environment while creating a high road, cleanenergy economy with opportunities for all. Other current board service includes the Union Bank Community Advisory Board, the Center for Law and Education, and the National Trust for the Development of African American Men. Furthermore, Mr. Williams joined the Urban Strategies Council in 1992 and was appointed CEO in 1998. He led the Council’s creation of, and participation in, many crosssector collaborations, making positive impact in areas from afterschool programs to violence prevention, from asset building to reentry. He also oversaw multiple Urban Strategies Council reports on African American male students that played a key role in Oakland Unified School District’s Voluntary Resolution Plan with the U.S. Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights. Today, California’s 13th Congressional District salutes and honors a great friend of the Bay Area and a true champion for equity, Mr. Junious Williams. His work with the Urban Strategies Council has had a tremendously positive impact on California’s 13th District, and we are lucky to have him remain active in our community in all of his future endeavors. 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF MANUEL G. SEMPELES 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge and remember the life of Manuel ‘‘Manny’’ Sempeles, a notable member of the Winchester community who sadly passed away in May of 2015. I knew Manny personally and can attest to his humor, his selfless nature, and his ability to light up every room into which he walked. Manny was born in 1931 in Winchester and following his education at Handley High School, he selflessly decided to serve his country and enlisted in the United States Military where he was posted to Germany between 1952 and 1954. It was during this time that he proved both his courage and his valor during the Korean War and was promoted to the rank of Private First Class as part of the 101st Airborne Division. Upon his return, he decided to complete his education at Virginia University and the University of Richmond where he continued to nurture his passion for football. It was at this point Manny decided to shift from serving his country to serving his community. Mr. Sempeles led a distinguished career through his membership and eventual presidency of the local parish council. He further acted as a member for the Virgin Mary Greek Orthodox Church as well as serving on the Winchester Star Leadership Committee. Manny volunteered as a coach at James Wood and Handley High School so as to pass his passion for football onto others. His selflessness is only too apparent through his exemplary contributions and participation in community matters and I know his compassion will be sorely missed by all who knew him. Beyond his civil duties, Manny was a loving husband to his wife Florine with whom he shared a restaurant business, beginning with their first establishment ‘‘The Open Hearth’’. They celebrated over 57 years of loving marriage together. In addition to Florine, Manny leaves behind three daughters: Tina, Andrea and Stephanie, as well as two sons George and Michael, all of whom are now married with children of their own, and even grandchildren. Through them, I’m sure, his values and legacy will be assured. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the life of Manuel Sempeles. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize K–9 Officer Aron and his handler, Deputy Matthew Sloan, of the Cayuga County Sheriffs Department, for their valiant actions in quickly apprehending and securing a high risk suspect who fled police on June 9, 2016. The fleeing suspect had attempted to evade police, but thanks to K–9 Officer Aron’s fearless and efficient actions, Deputy Sloan was able to apprehend the suspect, and no officers were hurt while working to stop the suspect. K–9 Officer Aron and Deputy Sloan deserve to be properly recognized for their heroic actions and I am honored to pay tribute to them for their brave efforts that led to a safe ending of situation that could have quickly escalated. Each and every day K–9 Officer Aron and Deputy Sloan work tirelessly together to protect our community and I am honored to recognize their work. I would also like to recognize all K–9 Officers and their handlers for the extraordinary work they do across the 24th District. K–9 Officers approach every situation, no matter how dangerous with complete and total confidence and fearlessness to protect their human partners. K–9 Officers are an asset to all law enforcement and I am proud to recognize them for their service. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of an outstanding member of the East Bay community Mr. John Arthur Ivey. With his passing on June 21, 2016, we recognize his dedication and celebrate his commitment to our community. Mr. Ivey’s life is an example of a journey well traveled and a life well lived. He was born on March 10, 1950, in the heart of my congressional district, at Highland Hospital in Oakland. Mr. Ivey used his education as a gateway to the world. During his formative years he attended Skyline High School where his love of literature and art began to emerge. He began his journey in higher education at The University of San Francisco where he pursued his interest in English and served as president of 
the Black Student Union. He later transferred to Rutgers University, where he refined his writing skills under the guide of renowned playwrights and authors Nikki Giovanni and Sonya Sanchez. After earning his Bachelor of Arts in English from Rutgers University in 1972, he pursued a Master’s Degree in Fine Arts at the University of California, Los Angeles. After graduation, his talent as a writer led him to compose two critically acclaimed plays ‘‘Homer’s Redemption’’ and ‘‘Resurgence,’’ which ran at the Harding Theater in San Francisco for six months before touring college campuses. The University of San Francisco Black Alumni Association later awarded him an honorary degree in English and Theater Arts for his outstanding contributions. While his literary success is noteworthy, Mr. Ivey continued to evolve and use his talents to contribute to his community in new capacities. In 1976, he opened Ivey’s Ribs and Spirits in Jack London Square with brothers Fred and James ‘‘Jay’’ Ivey. Ivey’s was one of the first African American operated venues located in Jack London Square, and was the frequent gathering place for elected officials, community leaders, as well as local and national celebrities. Mr. Ivey’s love of community, passion for art, and the amazing food he served gave way to the development of another Ivey’s in Atlanta, Georgia. Those two restaurants soon grew to nine restaurants and lounges including Bluesville, Cherie’s, Du Soleil’s, and Clancy’s. The environment he created welcomed artists from all mediums including the Commodores, Prince, Eartha Kitt, Jane Fonda, Phyllis Hyman, Stan Getz, Coretta Scott King, and James Baldwin. When Mr. Ivey retired from the restaurant business he began to partake in a new adventure. Mr. Ivey could be found cooking delicious meals, reading (and sharing his findings) voraciously, running Lake Merritt or traveling the globe. He combined passion for food, family, and writing, when he worked with his mother to publish Rosia Lee Ivey’s Recipes For Life in 2008. In this book, he wittily incorporated her words of wisdom with her phenomenal culinary knowledge. He also worked with numerous community organizations to mentor innercity youth. His goal was to support and inspire the leaders of tomorrow. At the time of his passing, Mr. Ivey was actively working with Oakland Youth First, a nonprofit organization committed to providing wraparound, career and educational services to atrisk youth. Mr. Ivey was also an avid traveler. He visited Fiji as one of fifteen Bay Area Black Community and Business Delegates, China as part of a trade mission, and Tunisia, Morocco, Casablanca and Malaga among countless other destinations. No matter where his journey took him he always came back to the place where it all began, always ready to serve the community he called home. On a personal note, to know John was to love John. His smile was infectious, his encouragement was inspiring and his creativity was magical. John was a renaissance man, a man ahead of his time. As a role model for young African American men and boys, he gave them hope and pride. We will miss this magnificent human being, but his legacy will live forever. Today, California’s 13th Congressional District salutes the legacy of Mr. John Arthur Ivey. His contributions have truly impacted countless lives throughout the Bay Area and the country. I join all of Mr. Ivey’s loved ones in celebrating his incredible life and offer my most sincere condolences. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, Richard Roth was a remarkable, kind and loving man. He passed away peacefully with his son David, daughterinlaw Anita, and their girls at his side. Richard was a gentle and generous soul who loved politics, discussions, and laughter. But most of all, he loved his son, David. Richard strived throughout his very long life to encourage David to be the very best in everything he did. Richard was energetic and active well into his 80s; making frequent trips from California to the Fiji Islands to visit with David and Anita. He told fascinating, colorful tales of joining David, Anita and the King of Tonga at the Sydney Opera House for a special gala in honor of the King. In later years, Richard followed David and Anita to Florida, where he lived peacefully in a condo overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. David’s love for his father was unsurpassed. Last year, during Richard’s 95th year, David took his father on a private, personal trip together to Israel. That trip had been one of Richard’s lifelong dreams, and he got to make the trip with his beloved son. Always bright, inquisitive and cheerful, Richard enjoyed life to the fullest. His kindness to so many will not be forgotten by any who knew him. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the Children’s Emergency Room at Inova Loudoun Hospital for serving my constituents so meticulously every day. The work done by the doctors and nurses at this facility has led to them being recognized by the Emergency Nurses Association with the presentation of the prestigious Lantern Award. Named in honor of Florence Nightingale, a pioneer of modern nursing practices, this award recognizes top quality emergency departments and staff for their extraordinary performance and innovative procedures, as well as their outstanding roles of leadership, advocacy, and research. The Children’s Emergency Room at Inova Loudoun Hospital is only one of eleven emergency rooms nationwide to have received this award, and I could not be more proud of them for receiving this high honor. This award serves as proof of Inova Loudoun Hospital’s commitment to providing the best care possible, while also fostering a healthy work environment for their staff. The Children’s Emergency Room opened in 2006 to meet the needs of the growing population in this part of my district. The facility treats nearly 20,000 patients annually, and remains the only emergency room in the county dedicated to the care of children. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the doctors, nurses, and administrators at the Children’s Emergency Room at Inova Loudoun Hospital for receiving the Lantern Award from the Emergency Nurses Association. I wish them all continued success, and thank them for diligently serving my constituents. f 
IN HONOR OF U.S. ARMY CORPORAL AND WARRIOR GAMES TEAM ARMY MEMBER MATHEW MUELLER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor retired U.S. Army Corporal and Warrior Games Team Army member Mathew Mueller. Corporal Mueller was born and raised in Fort Morgan, Colorado. After graduating from high school, Corporal Mueller found his passion in emergency medicine and used this calling to serve our country in the United States Army as a Combat Medic. On January 1, 2014, while preparing for his second combat deployment, Corporal Mueller was driving to his home town when his vehicle lost control on black ice. Corporal Mueller broke his neck and all the bones on the right side of his face leaving him visually impaired due to double vison and residual damage to his face. Corporal Mueller spent 10 months in intense physical therapy and rehabilitation. One year after the accident, he was transferred to a Warrior Transition Unit, designed to help wounded, ill, and injured soldiers transition to civilian life. It was there that he was introduced to adaptive sports. Through adaptive sports, Mueller competed in two Department of Defense Warrior Games. He participates in track, field, swimming and cycling. In the 2015 Warrior Games Mueller took home 9 gold, and 5 silver medals, and at the 2016 Warrior Games Mathew took home 10 gold, 1 silver, and 1 bronze medals. Mueller retired from the Army in December 2015, after nearly 6 years of service. He now resides in Phoenix, Arizona with his wife and family. Corporal Mueller’s unwavering commitment to greatness inspires all who know him. We honor his achievements, and thank him for his incredible service and sacrifice. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Jona Goldrich—father, husband, grandfather, Holocaust survivor, real estate developer, and philanthropist—who passed away on June 26, 2016, at the age of 88. Born September 11, 1927 in Lviv, Poland, Jona escaped the Nazi occupation by fleeing with his brother Avraham to Hungary in 1942, eventually reaching Israel. The rest of their family died in concentration camps. Jona left Israel after 11 years for the United States where he hoped to attend Massachusetts Institute of Technology. But after being denied admission because of his limited English skills, Jona decided to go across the country to southern California, where he arrived on a bus with only $50 in his pocket. Jona began working as a window and screen installer and a year later, he started a subcontracting cleaning business, setting his foot into the world of real estate. In 1956, at the age of 29, he built his first apartment building, and in 1959 he met a construction laborer and a fellow Holocaust survivor named Sol Kest with whom he founded the Goldrich & Kest Industries. Jona was a visionary. In the 1960s when there were only offices and governmental buildings in downtown Los Angeles, he decided to construct residential buildings in downtown LA despite skepticism about whether the area could attract residents. Jona also built one of Marina del Rey’s first apartment complexes in 1968 seeing an opportunity to transform it into an attractive beach city. Jona was also a philanthropist who contributed to the American society in many ways. His firm constructed 72 apartment buildings that accommodate lowincome families. He founded the Goldrich Family Foundation which supports Jewish and Israeli charities as well as educational causes. Jona is also remembered for his lifelong work on raising public awareness of the Holocaust, and he played an important role in the founding of the Los Angeles Museum of the Holocaust, located in my district. He is survived by his wife of 56 years, Doretta; brother Avraham; daughters Melinda and Andrea Goldrich Cayton; and grandchildren Garrett, Lindsay and Derek. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Jona Goldrich. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to LiUNA Local 304—Alameda County as they celebrate 100 years of solidarity and a commitment to a safe work environment for their members. On April 13, 1916, LiUNA Local 304—Alameda County was signed into existence with the founding mission of ‘‘We, the undersigned wage workers, believing it to be well calculated to improve our intellectual and social condition, and to promote our industrial well being and advancement, respectfully petition the International Hod Carriers’, Building and Common Laborers’ Union of North America to grant us a Charter as representatives of said International Union.’’ LiUNA Local 304—Alameda County was born out of a petition to the International Hod Carriers’, Building and Common Laborers’ Union of North America to grant us a Charter as representatives of said International Union. They chartered by President Anderson, Vice President Walker, Recording Secretary Burke, Financial Secretary Hawley, Correspondence Secretary Van Deventer, Treasurer Cottingham, SergeantatArms Wilcox, Guard Norris and Executive Board members Evans, Canady, Jones, Cayne and Falk, LiUNA Local 304—Alameda County (as it is known today) was chartered on April 13, 1916 in Oakland, California, with a fierce commitment to those words and born out of the necessity and constant struggle of the disenfranchised community, knowing that tangible sacrifices would soon follow to ensure the working men and women of the East Bay would be protected by this promise. This chartering occurred during a time when the City of Oakland was growing by leaps and bounds due in part by the industrial explosion in the San Francisco Bay Area, LiUNA Local 304—Alameda County served the communities of not just Oakland, but the surrounding cities that make up Alameda County. Further, the San Francisco earthquake of 1906 helped double Alameda County’s population and industry overnight. During this time, Oakland became host to over 50 assembly and component plants with close to 300,000 residents many of whom became lifelong members of LiUNA Local 304—Alameda County. With construction of marvels such as Kaiser’s Bay Bridge and Bechtel’s Golden Gate Bridge, the Laborers served a real need to the construction industry not just as a work force but as a melting pot of sorts, bringing the majority of white male unionized workers together with both the immigrant Mexican and African American workers at the time. The early years of organizing were especially difficult due to the antiunion climate in Oakland and the Alameda County government. Throughout the decades in the face of adversity and antagonism, LiUNA Local 304—Alameda County has never forgotten that they exist because of loyalty to their members. Regardless of their successes and failures, their members, families and community will always be at the heart of their work and their commitment to the mission. Today, with more than 30,000 brothers and sisters in Northern California, of which 5,000 reside in Alameda County, they continue to do outstanding work. On behalf of the residents of California’s 13th Congressional District, I extend my sincerest congratulations to LiUNA Local 304— Alameda County on the special occasion of its Centennial Anniversary. I thank LiUNA Local 304—Alameda County for providing critical unionization and protection for labor workers and their families in my district, and wish them many more years of success. IN RECOGNITION OF TOYS FOR TOTS PROGRAM COORDINATOR FRANK HOLTZ HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge Frank Holtz, the Loudoun County Toys for Tots Program Coordinator, and 2015 Local Coordinator of the Year for Northern Virginia. Mr. Holtz, a Loudoun County resident since 1985, and a Leesburg resident since 1995, has been the program coordinator since 2012. With more than 28 years of service to our nation as a retired United States Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant Reservist, as well as the former Police Supervisor of the United States Capitol Police, Mr. Holtz embodies the very best of this nation’s values through his service to our community. I would also like to personally commend his continued dedication to the Loudoun County Crime Commission, of which he is the ViceChairman, as well as his exemplary role in service on the Loudoun County Transportation Commission as the Leesburg representative. Through Mr. Holtz’s outstanding leadership, Toys for Tots in Loudoun County has distributed more than 23,000 toys to less fortunate children. I would like to personally commend the men and women of Toys for Tots who so generously commit both time and supplies to the program, without asking anything in return. Although the campaign begins in October, many tasks begin as early as August to ensure the success of the program each year. Frank Holtz and every volunteer at Toys for Tots deserve immense praise. The continued success of the program is a clear testament to the outstanding work which is conducted by these exemplary individuals and they are deserving of recognition. Mr. Speaker, it brings me immense pride to recognize such a fine man, and I sincerely hope that we all can live up to his tremendous example. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Frank Holtz of the Loudoun County Toys for Tots program. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a Bronx community leader, icon, and hero, Mr. James O’Neill, who passed away suddenly on July 17, 2016 at the age of 59. James, or Jimmy as he was known, lived a life that was dedicated fully to service. He was born and raised in the Bronx and attended Visitation School as well as Cardinal Hayes High School where he graduated. Jimmy then joined the New York Police Department in November of 1979 where he rose to the rank of Sergeant Supervisor as a member of Mayor Rudy Giuliani’s personal protective detail before retiring in 2000. But retirement did not slow Jimmy down. After the devastation of 9/11 he sought to 
bring personal remembrance to his adopted home in Carmel, NY. Jimmy and his band of brothers in Carmel erected a memorial to the members of Putnam County who lost their lives that day. Each year since, he has coordinated the memorial remembrance faithfully attended each year by so many. He renamed the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 704 to the Stephen P. Driscoll Memorial Lodge. And although Jimmy left the Bronx, his heart never did. He was a founding member of the New York Shields, an organization that coined the motto, ‘‘Cops for Cops.’’ Every year at the Marina del Ray in The Bronx a service was held to remember those who gave their lives in service to the community. He was passionate that their names would be remembered and their memories protected and respected. Of course for all of his accomplishments, Jimmy’s greatest legacy is his family. He is survived by his wife, Kathy, his son, James Jr., two brothers, four sisters, and seven nieces and nephews. Jimmy O’Neill was an icon in every community he was ever involved with. His empathy, compassion, and selflessness will forever stand as a shining example of what it means to be a member of one’s community. I want to offer my deepest condolences to his entire family, and say that although we have lost a great man, his memory and the incredible work he did in life will surely stand the test of time and live forever. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mills Grove Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) located in Oakland, California upon its 41st Anniversary as a strong religious pillar in the East Bay community. Mills Grove Christian Church (Disciples of Christ ) is a product of a merger between two Bay Area Disciples of Christ Congregations: Mills Terrace Christian Church in Oakland, a predominantly AngeloAmerican congregation and Grove Street Christian Church in Berkeley, whose membership was largely African American. Mills Terrace Christian Church was formed in the home of Mr. and Mrs. F.E. Wixon in 1926. The congregation soon outgrew the home, and with 26 Sunday school students and four teachers, the church moved into a tent on MacArthur Boulevard. The tent was later moved to Kingsland & Madera Streets and with 34 members, the church was officially organized. In 1927, the church purchased a building on Brann & Morcom Streets for $8,000.00. In the 1940’s the building was moved on rollers to the current location at 5410 Fleming Avenue. Grove Street Christian Church, under the leadership of Rev. Willie D. Elder and Mr. Norman Harper, was started in 1947 to serve persons of color and others who desired to worship in the Disciples of Christ denomination. Initially, the group organized as Second Christian Church, which quickly gained momentum. In September of 1949, the congregation invited Reverend Dr. Peter C. Washington, former President of Jarvis Christian College in Hawkins, Texas, to serve as their minister. The church quickly grew to 103 active members and the search began for a more permanent church home. On May 2, 1954 the church moved to a new location on Grove & Parker Streets in Berkeley, thus renaming the church, Grove Street Christian Church. In 1970, Mills Terrace was becoming an aging Congregation, with the median age of the 22 members hovering at 60. After conversations about a creative solution to this dilemma, Mills Terrace reached out to its sister congregation, Grove Street Christian Church, to being discussions of merging. Ultimately, the DOC congregations became one within the Body of Christ and on Pentecost Sunday, May 18, 1975, the merger was completed as the new name, Mills Grove Christian Church (Disciples of Christ). Since 2007, the church has been pastored by its committed, brilliant and spirit filled pastor, Rev. Clarence Johnson, who leads with humility and love. Mills Grove Christian Church continues to serve the community today with four major ministry goals: Evangelism & Outreach, Youth Emphasis, Stewardship & Finance, and Worship & Praise. The congregation worships under the motto ‘‘Live Rejoicing . . . Everyday!’’ based on Psalm 118:24; St. John 10:10b; and, Philippians 4:4. On behalf of the residents of California’s 13th Congressional District, I extend my sincerest congratulations to Mills Grove Christian Church (DOC) on the special occasion of its 41st anniversary. I wish Mills Grove Christian Church many more years of faithful, compassionate, and visionary service. f 
IN MEMORIAM OF HAROLD STAHL, JULY 23, 1938–MARCH 8, 2016 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Mr. Harold Stahl (Hal) who passed away at the age of 78 on March 8, 2016 in Phoenix, AZ. Born in the Bronx, Hal was the son of Russian immigrants Fannie Weisberg and Benjamin Stahl. After the loss of his sister Selma when Hal was only two years old, his mother doted on her little ‘‘Boo Boo’’. He lost his parents while he was still very young, so his older siblings Joseph, Gertrude and Marilyn (Mickey) became like parents to him and he grew very close to his nieces and nephews Barbara, Bill, Neil, Eileen, Robin and Shoshana. After earning his undergraduate degree in Physics from Columbia, he went on to earn a Master’s in Physics at Brooklyn Polytechnic. He attributed the teaching assistant job he got there to a recommendation letter that was sent on his behalf by Nobel Prize winner, Polycarp Kusch. While wolking on the PhD that he was unable to complete due to equipment failure, he met his future wife Toby Schleifer who was a Chemist at NYU. They were introduced in the young adult group at Brooklyn Heights Synagogue in May of 1965 and were married in December of that year. Together they started their family in Flushing, Queens where they welcomed their son Barry and daughter Fran. After relocating to Ridgefield, Connecticut they were joined by their third child Carrie. Hal earned his MBA from the University of New Haven before the family relocated to Phoenix, Arizona to live near Toby’s family. While working as a software engineer on the Apache helicopters, he earned his third Master’s degree in Aerospace Engineering in the same year that Fran got her Bachelor’s and Canie graduated from high school. The family grew to include a daughterinlaw, Pattie, soninlaw, Lewis and four amazing grandsons. Hal adored Jonas, Kai, Rei and Ari and helped their parents foster their individual personalities and interests. In their retirement years, Hal and Toby were dedicated to their grandsons and to volunteering for nonprofit organizations that supported healthcare, the environment, protecting Arizona’s natural history and progressive politics. Hal was a proud lifelong Democrat. He was a Precinct Committeeman as well as a member of the Arizona state Democratic committee and a proud volunteer for Democracy for America Maricopa County. Most importantly, the best way to honor Hal and what he would have requested is that you make sure that you and everyone you know gets out to vote. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Martha & Mary, a notforprofit organization that has provided quality and compassionate care for children, seniors, and families in the western Puget Sound region of Washington state since 1891. From its inception, Martha & Mary has been a champion for our region’s most vulnerable. What started as a small home for orphaned youth has blossomed into a regional organization that provides services for more than 1,000 children at ten different sites throughout the Kitsap peninsula. Martha & Mary’s nationally recognized programs emphasize a commitment to ‘‘bridging generations and emiching lives’’ by encouraging children to spend time with senior care residents through singing songs, sharing meals, and completing projects. As a testament to the success of this innovative approach, in 2015, Martha & Mary received the prestigious Quality of Excellence rating from Washington state’s premier child care rating system. Martha & Mary continues to serve our region by growing to meet the evolving needs of our community. Each year, Martha & Mary provides nearly $2.1 million in underfunded care and has expanded services to include long term care, rehabilitation facilities, assisted living, home care, and geriatric care management. Martha & Mary is an example of an organization that, from its core, strives to create meaningful experiences for children, adults, and the elderly to grow in understanding and appreciation of the gifts that both young and old have to offer. For 125 years, their quality 
and compassionate care has provided a critical safety net and has helped to strengthen the fabric of our community. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Martha & Mary’s commitment to proving safe places to grow and learn and the opportunities they provide to live with dignity and honor. Our community is stronger thanks to Martha & Mary’s leadership and I am honored to recognize them today in the United States Congress. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the oldest recreational club in Oakland, California, the Oakland Women’s Rowing Club, upon its 100th Anniversary as an outstanding athletic and recreational club in the East Bay Community. Oakland Women’s Rowing Club, the members of which are known as the ‘‘Ladies of the Lake,’’ was founded on February 2, 1916 when volleyball players from Bushrod Recreation Center, Lockwood School, and Mosswood School sought a greater athletic challenge. Five boats were donated to the Club by the United States Navy. All of these boats, and those since acquired, have been deeded to the City of Oakland, so they may be enjoyed by the public. From the beginning, the ‘‘Ladies of the Lake’’ have been rowing on Lake Merritt in Oakland, the first designated Wildlife Refuge in the United States. The members row weekly on Wednesday mornings all year round, no matter the weather. They come from many regions of the United States and from across the world. There are many active members, ranging in age from their fifties to their nineties. The women come from a variety of backgrounds and work an array of professions. The ‘‘Ladies of the Lake’’ value their time on the lake, and many locals wave at the women rowing in their old fashioned white and blue uniforms, with orange coats in the winter. Throughout the Oakland Women’s Rowing Club’s tenure as the longest scheduled activity on Lake Merritt and the oldest women’s rowing club in the nation, the ‘‘Ladies of the Lake’’ have participated in civic activities for the City of Oakland, often representing the city in film appearances, photographs, parades, and press features. The Club also acts as a goodwill ambassador for the City of Oakland. Since 1916, the Club has held many successful fundraisers to purchase or commission more fiberglass whale boats, all of which are available for public use in Oakland. Beyond obtaining and caring for their boats, the women work hard to maintain the Club and add to Lake Merritt’s unique ambience. For instance, the club was the first to donate toward the original lamps in the Necklace of Lights that encircles Lake Merritt, and has supported Lake Merritt beautification projects ever since. The Oakland Women’s Rowing Club meets monthly for luncheons with all of the members and benefactors. The waitlist for membership is always long. This organization has certainly inspired commitment and athleticism in its members. On behalf of the residents of California’s 13th Congressional District, I extend my sincerest congratulations to Oakland Women’s Rowing Club on the special occasion of its 100th Anniversary. I wish Oakland Women’s Rowing Club many more years of success. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Norman Brody, who is the Cantor of Temple Beth El in West Palm Beach, Florida. He has served this congregation since 1986 and is one of Palm Beach County’s most famous and popular cantors. Cantor Brody was educated at the B’Nai Zion and College of Jewish Studies in Chicago, Illinois. He later attended the University of Michigan, where he received both his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees. Cantor Brody sang with the Chicago Lyric Opera and the New York Opera Company, appearing with another famous tenor, Placido Domingo. He was also the featured soloist and musical arranger for the Winged Victory Singers and, from 1965 to 1980, he appeared in top hotels and on concert stages, as well as on radio and television. Before coming to Temple Beth El, he was the cantor at Temple Emanuel in Andover, Massachusetts, Temple Emeth in Brookline, Massachusetts and at Beth Israel Mikra Kodesh in Baltimore, Maryland. Besides having an award winning voice, Norman Brody has received the City of Peace Award and the Community Achievement Award from American ORT. His annual concert is a highlight of every year, regularly drawing huge crowds to hear ‘‘the man with the golden voice’’ perform religious music, show tunes and popular standards. An accomplished pianist, he accompanies himself at Sabbath services to the delight of congregants, who have remarked that it’s always a special occasion when they hear him sing. Cantor Brody also devotes time to conducting Temple Beth El’s Youth and Adult Choirs and is a dedicated and committed member of our community. He is active in many organizations, including B’Nai B’rith, the Palm Beach County Clergy Cantor’s Association and Ambassadors Society of Trustees of Israel Bonds. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor this fine man, who is not only a tremendous treasure for Temple Beth El, but an enormous credit to his community and our nation. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and work of Robert L. Harris, on the occasion of his induction into the California Association of Black Lawyers’ Hall of Fame. Mr. Harris’s contribution to Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) and to the body of law is testament to his service and dedication. A proud Oakland native, Mr. Harris graduated from Merritt College in 1963, and later pursued his law degree from the Boalt School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley. Mr. Harris was admitted to the California State Bar on December 13, 1973, and completed numerous education advancement programs throughout the remainder of his career, including the Advanced Management Program at the Harvard School of Business, and the Management Development Program at Duke University’s School of Business. Mr. Harris began his career with PG&E in 1989, managing one of the major operating divisions in the East Bay Region. As the first lawyer appointed to such a position, Mr. Harris proved his excellent leadership and refined acumen for business as he faced the aftermath of the Loma Prieta Earthquake in 1989. Shortly afterwards, the Oakland Hills Firestorm tested PG&E’s ability to react, and under Mr. Harris’s leadership, they were able to restore service in record time to Bay Area homes, earning PG&E numerous accolades for their impeccable work. Within law, Mr. Harris has distinguished himself amongst his peers. He served in numerous leadership positions within influential organizations such as the American Association of Blacks in Energy, the U.S. EPA’s National Advisory Council on Environmental Justice, the National Energy Policy Commission, and the California League of Conservation Voters. He has timelessly shown his dedication to furthering societal advancement and improving the lives of the Bay Area residents. In addition to his contributions to law, Mr. Harris has served the public interest over the length of his career. The NAACP honored Mr. Harris with the William Robert Ming Award, the highest legal honor they bestow, for his dedication to issues that plague the African American community. He currently chairs the United Negro College Fund’s Bay Area Advisor Board, helping to provide scholarship and financial assistance to AfricanAmerican students in need, and has earned the Fredrick D. Patterson Award for his commitment to the mission of this organization. Mr. Harris’s retirement from PG&E in 2007 left behind an outstanding company that serves the interests of the Bay Area, providing our constituents with access to affordable and reliable energy services. PG&E has prospered under the legacy of leadership that Mr. Harris instilled, and these contributions to our community do not go unnoticed. On a personal note, on behalf of the residents of California’s 13th Congressional District, Robert L. Harris, I salute you. I thank you for your service to your nation and your community, and echo the praise you receive from the California Black Lawyers’ Association through your esteemed induction into the Hall of Fame. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Sanger Police Officer, Mr. Rodney Jones who tragically passed away on June 17, 2016. Mr. Jones was born in Lompoc, California to Lela and Richard Ira Jones. After attending local schools in Clovis, California, Mr. Jones completed his education in 1978. After being introduced to the law enforcement profession by his brotherinlaw, Mr. Jones went on to receive his Peace Officer Basic Training (POST) certification from the College of the Sequoias in 1996. That same year, he began his career with the Sanger Police Department as a patrolman. Mr. Jones would go on to serve the department diligently in many roles, including Detective, Drug Recognition Expert, and Field Training Officer. The Sanger Police Department is left better off because of his service. In his personal time, Mr. Jones enjoyed spending time with his children and grandchildren. As an outdoor enthusiast, Mr. Jones was passionate about offroad vehicles, hunting, fishing, and camping, and he loved to share those experiences with family and friends. Additionally, Mr. Jones was a founder and VicePresident of the Sanger Badlands Posse Jeep Club, comprised of fellow police officers, the group would organize rock crawling trips. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life and achievements of Mr. Rodney Jones. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends during this difficult time. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following letter from prominent women leaders from around the country, which urges Congress to take action on gun violence by implementing universal background checks. 
WOMEN ’SCOALITION FORCOMMON SENSE  JULY14, 2016. MEMBERS OF CONGRESS : We are a coalition of women leaders from business, law enforcement, government, domestic violence prevention, women’s advocacy, journalism, entertainment and public health. Like Americans all across our country, we are outraged by the mass killing in Orlando and other recent tragic events. Our thoughts and prayers remain with the victims and their families. But sadly, these recent tragedies are only the latest horrific events in our national gun violence crisis that claimed 33,000 lives last year. This crisis is destroying families and our communities. That’s why we have come together to demand that you do more to keep guns out of the wrong hands, protect the Second Amendment rights of lawabiding Americans, and save lives. We are not alone. Americans— Democrats, Republicans, and Independents— agree that we need stronger laws to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. It is time for lawmakers like you to listen to your constituents, the very people you were elected to serve. You can start to address our gun violence crisis by acting to close the loopholes in our laws that allow domestic abusers and felons to buy a gun without a criminal background check. Unlike federally licensed gun dealers, unlicensed sellers are not required to conduct background checks on gun purchases, often with devastating consequences for women and families. Strengthening our laws and closing these dangerous loopholes would save lives. In states with background checks on all handgun sales, 46% fewer women are murdered with a gun by their intimate partners. As we continue to mourn the losses from gun violence everywhere, we urge you to give voice to the concerns of your constituents and honor the memory of the 33,000 Americans killed by gun violence every year and enact real, meaningful, and responsible solutions that can help prevent gun tragedies, and make our communities safer places to live. Sincerely, The Honorable Gabrielle Giffords, Former Congresswoman (2007–2012)* The Honorable Madeleine K. Albright, Former United States Secretary of State* Gail Becker, President of Strategic Partnerships and Global Integration and Chair of the Global Women’s Network, Edelman* Connie Britton, Actress and Activist* Melanie L. Campbell, Convener, Black Women’s Roundtable; President and CEO, NCBCP* Dr. Brittney Cooper, Professor of Women’s and Gender Studies and Africana Studies, Rutgers University* Kim Gandy, President and CEO, National Network to End Domestic Violence* Ruth Glenn, Executive Director, National Coalition Against Domestic Violence* Chief Jane´Harteau, Chief of Police, City of Minneapolis* The Honorable Carla Hills, Former United States Trade Representative* Nanxi Liu, Founder and CEO, Enplug Technologies Dyllan McGee, Founder and Executive Producer, MAKERS* Barbara Bailey Parker, Mother of Alison Parker and Gun Violence Prevention Advocate* Dr. Lynn Pasquerella, President, Association of American Colleges and Universities* Jennifer Pinckney, Gun Violence Survivor; Wife of the Late South Carolina State Senator Clementa Pinckney; Founder of The Honorable Reverend Clementa Pinckney Foundation* Andrea Pino, CoFounder and Director of Policy and Support, End Rape on Campus* Katie RayJones, CEO, The National Domestic Violence Hotline* Dr. Debora Spar, President, Barnard College* Neera Tanden, President, Center for American Progress* Robyn Thomas, Executive Director, Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence* The Honorable Ann Veneman, Former United States Secretary of Agriculture* Shannon Watts, Founder, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America* The Honorable Christine Todd Whitman, Former Governor of New Jersey* Silvestre Acedillo, Founder and Creative Director, VENUTEC The Honorable Lashrecse D. Aird, Delegate, Virginia House of Delegates Leah Gunn Barrett, Executive Director, New Yorkers Against Gun Violence Allie Bones, CEO, Arizona Coalition to End Sexual and Domestic Violence (ACESDV) Dr. Alice Chen, Executive Director, Doctors for America Cameka Crawford, Chief Communications Officer, The National Domestic Violence Hotline Andrea Cuvelier Donna DeesThomases, Founder, Million Mom March Marium Durrani, Public Policy Attorney, National Network to End Domestic Violence (NNEDV) Dr. Regina Edwards, CEO, Arizona YWCA Metropolitan Phoenix Judy Fisher, Moms Demand Action Ilana Flemming, Manager of Advocacy Initiatives, Jewish Women International (JWI) The Honorable Kate Gallego, Vice Mayor, City of Phoenix Janet Gilmore Shira Goodman, Executive Director, CeaseFire Pennsylvania Rachel Graber, Public Policy Manager, National Coalition Against Domestic Violence (NCADV) Lanae Erickson Hatalsky, Vice President for Social Policy and Politics, Third Way The Honorable Debra Heffernan, Representative, Delaware House of Representatives Kathleen Higgins, Officer, Compliance Test Design/Analytics Specialist, Bank of America Joani Horchler, Maryland Moms Demand Action Carolyn Jenkins, Organizing for Action Helene Keeley, Speaker ProTempore, Delaware House of Representatives Lieutenant General Claudia Kennedy, USA (Ret.) Nancy Kennedy Babe King, Organizer, YELLOW TAPE PROJECT to Stop Gun Violence Suzanne Koepplinger, Former Executive Director, Minnesota Indian Women’s Resource Center Captain Gail Kulisch, USCG (Ret.) Ronald Legrand, Vice President, Public Policy, National Network to End Domestic Violence Dr. Barbara Levy, Vice President, Health Policy, The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists Gail Levyveld Shelly Livingston, C Street Democrats The Honorable Valerie Longhurst, Representative, Delaware House of Representatives Jennifer Lynch, Oregon Alliance for Gun Safety Natalie Marra Heather Martens, Executive Director, Protect Minnesota Martha Strawn Morris, Director, The Gateway Center for Domestic Violence Services Nonna Noto, Jubilee Jobs Chelsea Parsons, Vice President, Guns and Crime Policy, Center for American Progress The Honorable Karen Peterson, Senator, Delaware State Senate Jody Rabhan, Director, Washington Office, National Council of Jewish Women Jane Randel, CoFounder, Karp Randel Beth Reilly, Faith Advocate and Organizer Patricia Reuss, Policy Advisor, National Organization for Women Carol RoblesRoma´n, President and CEO, Legal Momentum The Honorable Katherine Rogers, New Hampshire House of Representatives The Honorable Diane Rosenbaum, Senate Majority Leader, Oregon State Senate Deborah Rosenbloom, Vice President of Programs and New Initiatives, Jewish Women International (JWI) 
Arlene Schler Jessica Scoratow, Georgetown Against Gun Violence Rabbi Susan Shankman, Washington Hebrew Congregation Katie Simon, Policy Organizing Manager, Brady Campaign Dianne Snyder The Honorable Liane Sorenson, Board Chair, Delaware Coalition Against Gun Violence Winnie Stachelberg, Executive Vice President, External Affairs, Center for American Progress Kiersten Stewart, Policy Director, Futures Without Violence Susan Stoltenberg, Executive Director, YWCA of Greater Portland Diane Tattersall, Last Chance Animal Rescue Sarah Trumble, Senior Policy Counsel, Third Way The Honorable Nancy TyraLukens, Mayor, City of Eden Prairie, Minnesota Roberta Valente, Chief Officer for Government Affairs, The National Domestic Violence Hotline Kristin Wald, Start Out Fresh Intervention Advocates Lori Weinstein, CEO, Jewish Women International (JWI) Melissa Youssef, Legal Aid, Institute of Policy Research *Advisory Committee Members f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of an outstanding member of the East Bay community the Honorable William Byron Rumford. He was born in Courtland, Arizona in 1915. As a child, he shined shoes, sold newspapers, and graduated from George Washington Carver High School in Phoenix in 1926. After finishing his studies at Sacramento Junior College in 1931, he earned his pharmacy degree at the University of California, San Francisco. After he graduated, he took a number of exams for employment and was discriminated against at every turn. He fought his way through by appealing his oral examination, ultimately becoming a member of the California Board of Pharmacy. Mr. Rumford worked in the Bay Area as an assistant pharmacist and as a venereal disease investigator for the state. In 1942, he co invested in a pharmacy on Sacramento Street in Berkeley, which he later purchased and renamed Rumford’s Pharmacy (now known as the Rumford Clinic). Later, served as the director of the Oakland chapter of the Red Cross, president of the East Bay Health Association, and was on the region’s Democratic Central Committee. Mr. Rumford went on to lead an impactful and significant political career, and ultimately became the first African American legislator from Northern California. Inspired by the disparities he witnessed in his pharmaceutical career, he joined the Berkeley Emergency Housing Committee in 1942 and the Berkeley Rent Board in 1944. In addition, he worked with the unofficial Berkeley Interracial Committee which was intended to ease tensions between the Black community of Berkeley and White southerners who were moving in. He was also a member of the Appomattox Club, which was one of the first African American political organizations in the country; there was little hope for an African American candidate at that time, so the organization supported White candidates who they believed were right on political issues affecting the African American community. Mr. Rumford did not seek to become a professional politician; instead, he was a neighborhood pharmacist who was passionate about addressing the biggest issues impacting his community. Eventually, Mr. Rumford ran for election in the California Assembly and won in 1949. At first he represented mostly African American areas of Oakland and a portion of South Berkeley. In 1960, however, the district was enlarged to include more of Berkeley and Albany. As an Assembly member, Mr. Rumford produced several effective pieces of legislation. In 1949, he worked tirelessly to pass The Bill to End Discrimination in the National Guard, which lessoned racial discrimination in the National Guard. He also introduced legislation early in his Assembly tenure pertaining to fair trade, small businesses, child polio immunizations, atomic energy conversion, and environmental pollution. Today, Mr. Rumford is best remembered for three pieces of legislation: the California Fair Employment Practices Act of 1959, which lessoned the impact of race on hiring decisions; the Good Samaritan Act of 1959, which garnered national attention as the first law in the country to protect professionals in emergency situations; and the law that bore his name: the Rumford Fair Housing Act of 1963, which failed to survive a referendum challenge, but was upheld by the Supreme Court of the United States. This act served as California’s main enforcement authority against racebased housing discrimination, by way of housing covenants, until the passage of the Federal Civil Rights Act of 1968. His tremendous legacy paved the way for civil rights legislation nationally, and has been beautifully honored by the William Byron Rumford Memorial Project. This project is led by a diverse group of community members who see the rapid changing of South Berkeley’s demographics as a ripe time to honor his leadership, activism, and community, while preserving the neighborhood’s history. On a personal note, William was a trailblazer. Had it not been for him, I never would have been elected to the CA legislature. I owe him a debt of gratitude and I will be forever grateful. Today, California’s 13th Congressional District salutes the legacy of the Honorable William Byron Rumford. His contributions have truly impacted countless lives through the East Bay area and the country. I join all of Mr. Rumford’s loved ones and the community members involved in the William Byron Rumford Memorial Project in celebrating his incredible life and legacy. HONORING THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF BLACK MILITARY WOMEN HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an organization that has served our veteran community with great distinction for 40 years, the National Association of Black Military Women. The NABMW is an association of women located throughout the country who are veterans or current members of the United States Armed Forces. The group was founded in July of 1976, when a group of 21 women who served in the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps (WAAC) and Women’s Army Corps (WAC) during World War II, Korean and Vietnam wars got together at Lucille Brown’s house in Hampton, Virginia. At this chartered meeting, the group decided to locate and invite other former service women to a first reunion that was held in 1978 in Dallas, Texas. Ever since, Biennial Reunions have continued to be held all through the country, where members discuss many of the issues facing the veteran community of black military women. The NABMW mission, ‘‘To seek out, record, maintain and tell the history and heritage of AfricanAmerican Military Women who served and are serving in the United States Armed Forces’’ is as strong and power today on the organization’s 40th anniversary as it was on the very first. This year, NABMW is holding their biennial conference from August 10–14. I want to congratulate the entire organization on the occasion and thank them for their service. 
IN RECOGNITION OF TYLER WEGMEYER BEING NAMED VIRGINIA’S 2016 FARMER OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Tyler Wegmeyer of Wegmeyer Farms in Loudoun County for being named the 2016 Farmer of the Year by the Virginia Cooperative Extension. This important milestone highlights the diversity and success of the agriculture industry in both Loudoun County and the Commonwealth as a whole. Mr. Wegmeyer has lived in Loudoun with his wife, Harriet, for nearly 17 years. Their farm spans over 250 acres at four separate locations and employs over 80 people. Mr. Wegmeyer has a long career in agriculture both firsthand as a farmer and additionally as a policymaker. The Wegmeyer family strongly believes in being good stewards of the land and caring for the environment. Their involvement in the community has been important to the growth of agro tourism and educating more people about how food is grown. It is the leaders like Mr. and Mrs. Wegmeyer who through their active engagement will continue to shape the agricultural sector of the United States as well as 
the economy of our Commonwealth and our country. The success of Mr. Wegmeyer is a tremendous accomplishment that should make him and his family proud. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mr. Wegmeyer for earning this soughtafter award and for serving the community with such dedication. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 25, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of an outstanding member of the Bay Area community, Mr. Don Jelinek. With his passing on March 23, 2016, we honor his commitment and service to our community. Mr. Don Jelinek was born Feb. 17, 1934 in Bronx, New York, the proud son of two Jewish immigrants. His heritage, culture, education, and experience played key roles in the man he became. He attended the Bronx High School of Science and later New York University where he received both his Bachelor of Arts and Juris Doctorate. In 1955, he moved to a tenement in Greenwich Village where he worked as a janitor in exchange for rent. He was often seen returning the building’s garbage cans before walking to his law classes. In the Village, Mr. Jelinek was exposed to the beauty of diversity. He met people from different races, classes, creeds, cultures, religions, and sexual orientations. Their stories, experiences, and life lessons fueled his passion for politics, reading, and theatre until the day he died. After receiving his J.D., Mr. Jelinek took a job as an attorney on Wall Street. In 1965, he traveled to Mississippi to work with the American Civil Liberties Union for a threeweek stint. At the end of that visit, he decided to stay behind and work with the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. Mr. Jelinek remained in the South for three years and focused on ending the overtly racist practices of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. In the process he shined a light on the shameful realities of rural malnutrition and starvation in America. Over the years he provided legal representation for individuals and organizations involved in civil rights including Martin Luther King, Jr., Stokely Carmichael, H. ‘‘Rap’’ Brown, black sharecroppers, SNCC, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and the NAACP. He later defended 61 inmates who had been indicted for 1,400 felonies in connection with the Attica Prison uprising. Mr. Jelinek moved to Berkeley in 1969 and continued his civil rights efforts throughout the Bay Area. When a group of Native Americans seized Alcatraz in 1969 and lived there for 19 months, claiming the land under a 100year old treaty, Jelinek moved to the island to assist them. He later defended hundreds of flea market vendors, free of charge, after they were ousted from the Ashby BART parking lot. The vendors were later reinstated. Soon after his successful advocacy, Mr. Jelinek decided to run for Berkeley City Council where he proudly served from 1984 to 1990. After his tenure, he became a trusted advisor to the council. In addition to his legal and political career, Mr. Jelinek authored three books, ‘‘Survivor of the Alamo,’’ ‘‘Attica Justice,’’ and ‘‘White Lawyer, Black Power.’’ Both his life and legacy are testaments to what our country stands for and our continued fight for true and lasting equality. Mr. Jelinek is survived by his brother Roger, his wife Jane Scherr, his children Dove and Apollinaire, and his grandchildren Hanelle and Pascal. Today, California’s 13th Congressional District salutes the legacy of Mr. Don Jelinek. His contributions have truly impacted countless lives. I join all of Mr. Don Jelinek’s loved ones in celebrating his incredible life and offer my most sincere condolences. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 10 a.m., on Tuesday, July 26, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 4 public bills, H.R.5927–5930; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 840, were introduced.
Reports Filed: A report was filed on July 22, 2016 as follows: H.R. 5926, making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–699). Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3212, to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–700); H.R. 3480, to expand the boundary of Fort Frederica National Monument in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–701); H.R. 5320, to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–702); H.R. 4092, to reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–703, Part 1); H.R. 4391, to amend the Illegal Immigration and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to complete the required 700mile southwest border fencing by December 31, 2016, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–704, Part 1); H.R. 4783, to reauthorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–705, Part 1); and H.R. 5227, to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all forms, to establish a National Collection Stewardship Fund for the processing and storage of collection materials of the Library of Congress, and to provide for the continuation of service of returning members of Joint Committee on the Library at beginning of a Congress (H. Rept. 114–706, Part 1).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Thornberry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Michael Tyrrell, Jesuit Conference, Washington, DC.
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to S. Con. Res. 50, providing for an adjournment of the House of Representatives.
Consideration of Presidential Veto Message: Agreed by unanimous consent that further consideration of the veto message and the bill, H.R. 1777, is postponed until the legislative day of September 23, 2016.
Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following 
Members to the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: Representatives Duffy and MacArthur.
Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico—Designation: The Chair announced the Speaker’s designation of the following member to the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico as its Chair: Senator Hatch.
Presidential Veto Message—Presidential Allowance Modernization Act: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted his Memorandum of Disapproval of H.R. 1777, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and explained his reasons therefore—ordered printed (H. Doc. 114–155).
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12:30 p.m. and at 12:37 p.m., the House stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, September 6, 2016, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 50. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 26 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Tuesday, September 6 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, September 6, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of S. Con. Res. 50. 
HOUSE Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E1168 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1161 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1161, E1162, E1162, E1163, E1164, E1165, E1169 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1165, E1169 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1167 Katko, John, N.Y., E1163 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E1166 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1161, E1162, E1163, E1163, E1165, E1166, E1167, E1167, E1169, E1170 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1164, E1165 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1161 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1162, E1164, E1166 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1168 