Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. GABBARD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent several Texas colleges and universities in my Texas 25th Congressional District, but it is Austin’s first institution of higher education that I would like to speak about today. HustonTillotson University is referred to by many as the jewel of the east Austin community. I have had the pleasure of meeting the school’s president, Dr. Colette Pierce Burnette. She is only the second female president in the institution’s rich history. I can tell you, Dr. Colette Pierce Burnette is an experienced leader who is committed to the success of her students. HustonTillotson College was chartered by the State of Texas in 1952 and was renamed to HustonTillotson University in 2005. Its name derives from the merger of Tillotson College and Samuel Huston College. The school’s focus is on liberal arts. It offers associate and master’s degrees, in addition to bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees, in more than 19 areas of study. I would like to thank President Colette PierceBurnette, the faculty, and the administration for their devotion to higher education, and I expect they will keep up the good work for many years to follow. In God we trust. 
RECOGNIZING AIRBORNE FIRST CLASS IRVING MUNROE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Airborne First Class Irving Munroe, a veteran of the United States Air Force from my district in Rhode Island. On June 1, 1951, just few days shy of his 20th birthday, Airman Munroe went missing in action after his aircraft was shot down over Kwaksan, North Korea. Airman Munroe was a devoted son and brother, and our Nation will never be able to fully repay his family for their loss. Airman Munroe was finally laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery on October 13, 2016, in a ceremony attended by those closest to him. His family, which has accumulated more than 100 years of total military service over two generations, truly understands the meaning of service to our country. Americans are fortunate to live in a free and safe country because of the extraordinary sacrifices of those who have served in our Armed Forces. We owe all who serve and their families our genuine gratitude and deep respect. On behalf of a grateful Nation, I want to sincerely thank the Munroe family for their service. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JAMES ‘‘J.H.’’ LANGDON (Mr. ROUZER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, it was 16 years ago when I was embarking on a run for North Carolina Commissioner of Agriculture that my uncle told me there was a man I needed to meet. That man was James H. Langdon, whom we all call J.H. Today I rise to honor his service in the North Carolina House, which will soon officially come to a close. A former ag education teacher, J.H. has served six terms in the North Carolina House and has either taught or represented practically every citizen in Johnston County and beyond. As chairman of the house agriculture committee, J.H. has been a tireless advocate for agriculture and our farm families. I know of no one who talks less but does more, which I attribute to his great and abiding love for and faith in our Creator. J.H.’s legacy will be felt across the State of North Carolina for generations to come. On behalf of the citizens of Johnston County and the countless individuals he has touched, I wish him and his wife, Lena, much happiness as they continue their wonderful journey together. 
EVERYONE MUST BEAR THE COST OF OUR MILITARY (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, those who have truly borne the cost of the wars that we have waged since 9/11 have been the men and women who wear the uniform and their families— fewer than 1 percent of the people in this country. For the rest of us, we have deferred our obligations and our payments to future generations. Harvard’s Linda Bilmes estimates that the wars that we are waging since 9/11 will cost this country nearly $1 trillion in healthcare costs and support costs for the veterans who have fought those wars. That is why I am asking my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to join me in sponsoring the Veterans Health Care Trust Fund Act, which would create a surtax on each and every American who has not served to ensure that we pay for our wars as we wage them and have the resources to take care of the veterans who fight them. It is going to ensure transparency in the cost of these wars; it is going to ensure that everyone bears their fair share of the burden; and it is going to ensure that we always have the resources to always take care of the veterans. Mr. Speaker, I ask that everyone join me in this important effort. f 
FAREWELL ADDRESS (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on one of the last days to be able to come and address the House before the end of this Congress, I want to take this opportunity, really, to thank the people that work here in the House. We up here talk about our constituents back at home, and Congresses will come and go, but it is the staff here that make this institution run. I want to thank them for the great work that they do. Frankly, there are far too few of us that actually recognize the work that happens. From the folks down in the wood shop, to the people who are working behind the rostrum, to our Capitol police officers, to Father Conroy, who keeps us on the straight and narrow, we thank you for your service. I do want to take this opportunity, as we are about to embark on the holidays, to thank them for the great work that they do for each and every one of us and for our Nation, because they are the ones that truly keep this institution running and make sure that we have a sense of history and that, again, this august body is one that will be represented well for years and, hopefully, centuries to come. 
PENTAGON’S WASTEFUL BACK OFFICE BUREAUCRACY (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call upon this body to protect our national security by ensuring that the billions we spend through the Pentagon are, in fact, well spent. We are currently embarking on enacting a CR that is inadequate for education, health care, and economic and job development. It contains a bloated Defense Department with even more money, despite documentation of $125 billion in waste and inefficiencies that their own investigation showed. This does not relate to our servicemen and women who do a great job for our country protecting freedom around the world. This is money that we could use to fund all the war spending and drive down the costs of the Pentagon and Department of Defense almost 20 percent without affecting existing programs. I think we need to declassify the Department of Defense study and use that money for the taxpayers to drive down our debt and deficit and make this country great again. 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF KJIL AND GREAT PLAINS CHRISTIAN RADIO (Mr. HUELSKAMP asked and was given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, this year marks 25 years of KJIL and Great Plains Christian Radio in Meade, Kansas, providing Christian music, weather, sports news, and inspiration to farmers, ranchers, businesses, and into the homes and vehicles of thousands of Kansas families. The process of going from dream to reality took nearly 10 years; but within 24 hours after completing their transmission tower, KJIL took to the air September 5, 1992, at 99.1 FM. In 2001, they added another station in Abilene, Kansas, at 105.7 FM. Since then, their story is one of God’s constant faithfulness and provision. What started as a small dream for a rural county and my home county of southwest Kansas now includes nearly 40 translators, including the neighboring States of Oklahoma, Texas, and Colorado. Nearly my entire congressional district receives radio signals from Great Plains Christian Radio. Not only has KJIL served our region so faithfully for 25 years, they have also done so with excellence. The Kansas Association of Broadcasters has awarded them Station of the Year twice. They have also been the recipients of a trio of awards from Focus on the Family Station of the Year—the list goes on and on. Any opportunity to commend KJIL and their history of humbly serving Kansas requires recognition of the people who made it happen, such as Don Hughes, Jim Fairchild, and my good friend, Michael Luskey, who is currently the CEO and GM. I sincerely hope and pray that KJIL will have service for another 25 years. 
STOP ARMING TERRORISTS (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, under U.S. law, it is illegal for you or me or any American to provide any type of assistance to al Qaeda, ISIS, or other terrorist groups. If we broke this law, we would be thrown in jail. Yet the U.S. Government has been violating this law for years, directly and indirectly supporting allies and partners of groups like al Qaeda and ISIS with money, weapons, intelligence, and other support in their fight to overthrow the Syrian Government. A recent New York Times article confirmed that ‘‘rebel groups’’ supported by the U.S. ‘‘have entered into battlefield alliances with the affiliate of al Qaeda in Syria, formerly known as Al Nusra.’’ The Wall Street Journal reports that rebel grounds are ‘‘doubling down on their alliance’’ with al Qaeda. This alliance has rendered the phrase ‘‘moderate rebels’’ meaningless. We must stop this madness. We must stop arming terrorists. I am introducing the Stop Arming Terrorists Act today to prohibit taxpayer dollars from being used to support terrorists. f 
b0915 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 612, GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 949 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, when you asked me to clarify the number of the resolution, I am reminded of my mother when she used to ask me if I wanted to take out the trash. She was not asking me if I wanted to take out the trash. She was suggesting, very politely, that it was my responsibility to get out of my chair and get out there and take out that trash. I think about all of the folks that invest themselves in our success here. When you give me a chance to clarify, candidly, I am a little surprised that I need to because I am surrounded by a team of excellence. I should have just spoken it right back to you. We have two bills today, Mr. Speaker, that are the result of a whole lot of mothers, a whole lot of staffers, and a whole lot of constituents asking the Members of Congress if they would like to take out the trash, telling folks that they have responsibilities that need to be handled and they need to be handled now. It is two bills that this rule makes in order for consideration today, Mr. Speaker. It is S. 612, which is the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act. That is what they call it on the Senate side. On our side, it is the Water Resources Development Act, the WRDA bill, a bill that authorizes projects one by one, considered by the U.S. House of Representatives, not led by the agencies, but led by the people’s House, and directed to the agencies for accomplishment. The second bill is H.R. 2028. It is the continuing resolution bill for FY 2017 funding, Mr. Speaker. I don’t need to tell you—you know the Appropriations Committee well—but this year, for the first time since the people of the Seventh District of Georgia entrusted me with a voting card, we passed an appropriations bill on time. We did it for our veterans. It was signed by the President of the United States before the end of the fiscal year. We took a step at getting back towards regular order a commitment we have all made to one another, and a commitment that this funding bill will bring to fruition. It is not what any of us would have wanted on day one, it is not the way any of us believed that we could have completed this process had we had more time, but it is the proper way to make sure that certainty, rather than uncertainty, governs this land. I have got my colleague from the Rules Committee and the Appropriations Committee, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE) here with me, Mr. Speaker, so I won’t belabor that side of the issue. But what I do want to talk about is something I know well, and that is the WRDA bill. 
The WRDA bill, Mr. Speaker, this Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, came out of the Transportation Committee on which I have the great privilege of serving. The Transportation Committee, Mr. Speaker, is one of those rare committees that you don’t read about on CNN’s Web site, you don’t see it on FOX News, or MSNBC. On the Transportation Committee, we get together—Republicans and Democrats— and we talk it out. We talk it out because it turns out that if what you are interested in, as citizens of Florida and the Everglades and Port Everglades and the restoration of those marvelous natural resources down there, that is not just a Florida issue, that is an American issue. If you are interested, as my friends from South Carolina are, in dredging the port in Charleston and making that a world class shipping opportunity, that is not just a South Carolina issue, that is an American issue. If you are like my friends all across this country, Mr. Speaker, from New Hampshire to California, to Texas, to Colorado, you have projects that are vitally important not just to your constituency, but to the economy of the United States of America; and that is what we do on the Transportation Committee. The Transportation Committee is a success if we can help you get to work a little bit faster. We are a success if we can get your kids to that soccer game just a little bit faster. But we are committed to moving freight, goods, and services produced by American hands with American labor to their destinations not just across this land, but across this planet. That is what the WRDA bill, controlling those ports and waterways through which so much commerce moves, controls. Mr. Speaker, I talked about regular order a little bit earlier. I have to brag, if I can here, at what may be our last day together. When the chairman of the Transportation Committee, BILL SHUSTER from the great State of Pennsylvania, took over the Transportation Committee, he said: These projects are so important. This bipartisan commitment to the American economy is so important. I am not going to let it get delayed. Now, I confess that we are here on the last day, perhaps, of our time together. It looked for awhile like we might not be able to move this through; but our chairman, through the power of persuasion, fought day in and day out not for 1 year, but for 2 years, to ensure that we could build on the success, which was the WRDA bill in 2014, and bring yet another WRDA bill in 2016. I will say to my friends: If you did not get everything you wanted, I promise you, as our friend, KEVIN MCCARTHY, from California likes to say, You needed everything you got. Even if you didn’t get everything that you needed, we are going to do this again. That is what is so great about regular order here, Mr. Speaker. When there is only one train leaving the station, we can’t work together on issues. We have got to jam it all in there and we have got to pack everything in because we have only got one chance to serve the people who elected us. When we get back to regular order, when we know there is another bill coming tomorrow and another bill coming the next day, and another bill coming the next day, it gives us an opportunity to achieve these things one small step at a time. If your constituents are like mine, Mr. Speaker, they didn’t send me here to yank the pendulum back and forth from left to right. They sent me here to make a little bit of progress one day at a time. The WRDA bill exemplifies the very best of us in that way. It represents small steps in almost every jurisdiction in this institution to grow the American economy, to serve our constituents back home, to make sure that the American taxpayer is getting a dollar’s worth of value out of a dollar’s worth of their tax dollar. If you can’t tell, Mr. Speaker, I am tremendously proud of this work that has gone into this bill. My great hope is that my colleagues will support this rule so that we can move on to support that underlying legislation later on this morning. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to present my opposing view. I thank my colleague for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the new fiscal year began more than 2 months ago. Yet, here we are again, considering another continuing resolution just hours ahead of a midnight Friday deadline to fund the Federal Government. Make no mistake, we are here today up against the threat of another shutdown because of the majority’s inability to do its most basic job of funding the government. It is a shame that we have, once again, resorted to shortterm measures instead of passing longterm appropriations bills. In fact, the last time that Congress enacted all 12 regular appropriations bills on time was 1994. As a result, the Chamber continues lurching from crisis to crisis. This is the same type of leadership that has brought our Nation years of political brinksmanship, including fiscal cliffs, near defaults on our national debt, and a government shutdown as recently as 2013, which experts from Standard & Poor’s estimate to have taken $24 billion out of our economy. And for what, Mr. Speaker? So that the majority can play politics with government spending and try to negotiate a more conservative, partisan appropriations package with a Trump administration and a Congress under oneparty Republican rule. It is especially troubling that the majority has taken the unprecedented step of including a provision in this spending bill to change the congressional rules to hasten the confirmation of Presidentelect Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Defense, retired General James Mattis. That should not be in this bill, Mr. Speaker, but was stuck in here to expedite that movement. The law that was changed clearly states that a Defense Secretary must be out of uniform for 7 years to qualify for a waiver. Certainly that was not done capriciously. It was done so that we can keep civilian control of the military, which is one of the pillars of our democracy. Now, I join with my colleagues in respecting General Mattis’ lifetime of service and his dedication to our Nation. At the same time, the civilian leadership, as I have said, has been the cornerstone of our democracy. To risk losing it risks losing a very precious and important tenet of democracy that states that the United States military must be under civilian control. That is no small thing, Mr. Speaker, but it will be done here with a single vote. I am pleased to see, however, that this package includes $100 million in grant funding to Flint, Michigan, to address the ongoing water crisis that has forced residents to drink and bathe in poisoned water for years. Mr. Speaker, I am painfully aware of the lifelong impacts that children will be forced to live with as a result of toxic metal in their water. The neurodevelopmental damage will be staggering, in addition to impacts including hypertension, renal impairment, and anemia. We know that we have to protect the water we have, Mr. Speaker, because we don’t manufacture it. The resolution before us today would also bring up the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act. I join my colleague from Georgia in saying how important a bill this is. Those of us who abut the Great Lakes are happy that the Great Lakes Restoration money is there, which will help to remediate 20 percent of the world’s fresh water contained in those five lakes. It will also increase funding for dredging small harbors, like the Port of Rochester, which ships and receives an average of 95,000 tons of material each year. Commodities that pass through this port generate more than $6 million in local salaries through my district each year. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, the majority has stripped important language from it, including the Buy American provisions, which we are perplexed by, since they have been in there for years in the past. b0930 When asked the question of why it is not there, we really didn’t get a straight answer; but the Buy American provisions would require the Federal Government projects to use steel that was made here in America. It is especially disappointing, since President 
elect Donald Trump has built several of his hotels with Chinesemade steel despite his pledging to ‘‘Make America Great Again.’’ The majority also removed a provision that would have allowed us to utilize funds to improve port and harbor reliability that sit idle in the U.S. Treasury. One other issue that was concerning to us was that the CR does not extend a provision from all of the past years’ omnibus bills that exempt returning foreign workers from the H–2B visa. I don’t know of any issue most recently that has caused more consternation in my office. I have had almost 100 calls from all over the country saying that they are very dependent on it; and our colleague, Congressman LONG from Missouri, said yesterday that it was critical to the State of Missouri to get this in. Unfortunately, we were unable to do that. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), a member both of the Rules Committee and a subcommittee chairman on the Appropriations Committee. Mr. COLE. I thank my good friend for being so generous in yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of both the rule and the underlying legislation. I begin by sharing my friend from Georgia’s enthusiasm for the WRDA bill. I think this was an absolutely masterful piece of work by three chairmen. Obviously, primarily, Chairman SHUSTER is the architect; but I was also working with him on several important Indian issues and with Chairman BISHOP from the Committee on Natural Resources and, on the Flint issue in particular, with Chairman UPTON from Energy and Commerce. I share my friend’s belief that these projects have been worked through in a bipartisan way. Many, many good things, literally, in every part of the country will take place, and our friends on the other side of the aisle were very cooperative in that as well. This is usually a bipartisan effort. It certainly was in this case. I am very pleased about Flint. There was, frankly, failure at every level of government—Federal, State, and local. I am glad that the Congress is following up on the commitment of the Speaker and of our good friend from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ), who has been the leader, obviously, in this and is doing the right thing there. Again, the water projects, themselves, touch almost every district in the country—certainly, every State in the country. I want to particularly point out the Indian provisions in here, which often get overlooked. We did some really important things in working with Mr. BISHOP and Mr. S HUSTER in common. We settled a number of really important individual Indian water case issues. I think the Pechanga case, for instance, which I know my friend the Speaker is familiar with, has been around for many years. We also changed the definitions in law so Indian tribes can now compete for water projects and water funding, particularly in some of the areas. Again, my friend the Speaker has seen some of these shortages in infrastructure as we traveled to reservations around the country together; so putting these people in a position to make sure they have access to funds to deal with water is important. Finally, for my own State—extremely important—and at no cost to the Federal Government, the Chickasaws, the Choctaws, the city of Oklahoma City, and the State of Oklahoma negotiated a water settlement arrangement inside of Oklahoma for the appropriate distribution of water. That requires Federal approval because there is a trust responsibility. We got the deal done, frankly, relatively late this year. We got tremendous cooperation in Congress and in the Senate. Certainly, JIMINHOFE played a big role over there by getting it in the bill in order to get that memorialized and done in an expeditious fashion. We are very grateful for that. When it comes to the CR, I certainly support the CR, and I certainly appreciate very much the work that Chairman ROGERS and Ranking Member LOWEY did to adjust, as much as possible, this shortterm funding measure to try and deal with what we call around here ‘‘anomalies’’ and try to get the money to where it is supposed to go. There are many good things, again, in this shortterm funding bill through April 28, my birthday, so perhaps this will work out in the end. Of course, it is also Saddam Hussein’s birthday, so that doesn’t always work out too well. At the end of the day, we ought to look at this process. I find myself in agreement with my good friend from New York on many of the things that she had to say. We should be negotiating an omnibus bill. We have the time to do it. We were told, when we passed the shortterm CR in late September, that that is what we would do in this timeframe. I can assure you, because they did it last year, that Chairman ROGERS and Ranking Member LOWEY could do it again this year. We are pretty close on all of these issues. It is a mistake, in my view, to push this into next year. Next year, we will have to write the FY18 budget and do the appropriations while we are simultaneously doing this, and the temptation will be very great to just do another CR and pass this on. While all of this seems like budget doubletalk to the average American, the reality is we have passed a lot of good legislation this year, but the funding isn’t matched up with the legislation that we have passed. That is because we are relying on a continuing resolution as opposed to doing the real hard work of appropriations. Last year, when we did that, by the way, it provided us budget stability this year. It got us out of a lot of the fights—and guess what. All of a sudden, you end up with cures. All of a sudden, you end up with WRDA. All of a sudden, you get a national defense authorization done, because we have done the appropriate things. The Appropriations Committee, I am quick to add, has done its work. All 12 bills that fund the Federal Government passed out of Appropriations—5 of them across this floor. I believe, with some of the most contentious, like Interior, our problem partly is our friends in the Senate who blocked up the deal, but we could have still finished an omnibus bill this year. I support this. I don’t think we made a wise decision in the manner in which we are proceeding, but, certainly, we don’t want to shut down the government. I just want to serve notice to my friends who made the decision that I am going to hold their feet to the fire so that, in April, we actually do what we said we were going to do and that we go back to regular order. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of the rule and the underlying legislation. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. I thank my colleague for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address my concerns regarding WRDA. My home district of Sacramento is the most at risk major American city for flooding, and with the damaging effects of our changing climate, that risk is not going away. We sit at the confluence of two great rivers, making flood control absolutely essential for the safety of my constituents. That is why I have worked diligently for years to ensure we are making the investments we need to protect our region; but our levees are aging, which is why I have worked so strongly and fought for the inclusion of two projects in this bill: the American River Common Features and the West Sacramento projects. Combined, these projects will result in almost $3 billion worth of lifesaving investments in my region. This isn’t just about protecting a few buildings. The area that these projects support protect upwards of 400,000 people. It includes four major highway systems, an international airport, the State capitol, and a major water and electric grid. This is about protecting the future of my beloved city of Sacramento, which is why I am so disappointed that WRDA has become a vehicle for a poison pill. The drought language that was airdropped into this bill at the last minute pits one region of California against another. It will be detrimental to northern California’s economy and environment, and I am concerned about its impact on our region’s water supply. I share my colleagues’ concerns about the drought, but we need to work together on a solution that takes the 
wellbeing of every part of our State into account. It is extremely unfortunate that WRDA is being used as a vehicle for legislation that we should consider as a standalone bill, especially given the careful bipartisan work that our colleagues have put into this legislative package. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend from California for her comments. She is absolutely right. I talked so much about the economics of WRDA, and she talked about the truly lifesaving aspects of WRDA. We are talking about flood control in so many of these projects. She mentioned the West Sacramento projects in California. Just going through California alone, Mr. Speaker, the American River Common Features project, the San Diego County storm risk reduction project, the South San Francisco Bay Shoreline project, the Los Angeles River project are all being worked through and approved. These projects are not just going to put people to work. These projects are going to make people safer. I thank my colleague for recognizing that and for helping to celebrate that with me. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we can defeat the previous question this morning, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would set aside excess funds from the Abandoned Mine Land fund for the miners’ health benefits and pension plans. We must do everything we can to protect the benefits that our hardworking miners have earned throughout the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. I thank the gentlewoman from New York. Mr. Speaker, 70 years ago, United Mine Workers of America President John L. Lewis—a lifetime Republican— crossed party lines to work with President Roosevelt and his administration to make a deal to end a nationwide coal strike. The deal ended up promising health and pension benefits for miners in this country in exchange for their lifetime of hard work. It was a promise that the Federal Government has kept since then. Every year, no matter who the President is, no matter who is in control of the Congress, it is a promise that our Nation has kept every single year for 70 years; but, Mr. Speaker, that is about to change. Right now, 22,500 coal miners in West Virginia, in Ohio, in my own home State of Pennsylvania, and across coal country are facing a complete loss of their health and pension benefits during 2017. It breaks the longtime promise between the coal industry, its workers, and the Federal Government. The continuing resolution before us purports to fix this problem by ensuring that 16,300 miners who would lose their health care on December 31 are taken care of. However, this is only a shortterm BandAid, 4month patch for health care, which leaves miners worse off in April than they are today. Most importantly, this CR does absolutely nothing to solve the pension problem—this in return for a lifetime of hard and dangerous work. There are actual longterm solutions available that this body should be considering. The Miners Protection Act would fix both the health care and pensions for miners permanently. I repeat, it fixes the problems permanently. Mr. Speaker, there is absolutely no reason for the shortterm patch the majority is proposing here today. Miners across Pennsylvania have risked their health and safety to secure better lives for their families. They have dedicated their careers to ensuring that U.S. factories have the energy to continue to work and that our homes, schools, and workplaces can keep their lights on. This country became a great country on the backs of our hardworking coal miners. We should not be turning our backs on them now. Mr. Speaker, the great American lawyer, Clarence Darrow, came to Scranton in the midst of one of these coal strikes, and he got to know the coal miners. Here is what he said about them: These are men who toil while other men grow rich, men who go down into the Earth and face greater dangers than men who go out upon the sea or out upon the land in battle, men who have little to hope for, little to think of excepting work. These are men, men like any others, who, in the midst of sorrow, travail, and a severe and cruel crisis, demeaned themselves as nobly, as bravely, as loyally as any body of men who ever lived and suffered and died for the benefit of the generations that are yet to come. 
Darrow was right, Mr. Speaker. We need to protect the health care and pensions of our miners and create new jobs throughout our coal regions. The commonsense, bipartisan Miners Protection Act would give miners across Pennsylvania and the rest of coal country the peace of mind of knowing that the retirements they worked all of their lives for are secure. Mr. Speaker, we cannot continue to fix our partisan spending issues at the expense of the American worker. We have to keep the promises we made to our hardworking men and women. That is why I urge my colleagues to do just that and agree to this motion to defeat the previous question so that we can bring up and include important legislation to protect our coal miners’ pensions and health care. b0945 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the Democrat leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her superior service on the Rules Committee. Mr. Speaker, across America today, hardworking people and seniors find that their retirement security is under threat and in doubt. Congress has a responsibility to strengthen Americans’ retirement security, and we dishonor that responsibility with the half measure for coal miners in the CR today— less than a half measure. I commend Congressman CARTWRIGHT  of Pennsylvania. He knows full well the contribution that the coal miners have made to our economy. He knows the stress that they are under from what is happening now and how this is exacerbated by the continuing resolution. Mr. Speaker, 22,500 coal miners in Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, and across coal country are facing a complete loss of their health and pension benefits in 2017. However, the continuing resolution offers these men and women only a short term. Senator MANCHIN has been making the pitch, and many of us have joined him, that these health and pension benefits should be in our legislation at least for 5 years, preferably in perpetuity. What the CR says is: not in perpetuity, not in 5 years—for 4 months; for 4 months and only health benefits, completely ignoring the pension part of it. Coal miners are on the Hill today to make their case, to tell their personal stories about how this has affected them. After a lifetime of service and in a culture built around that industry, they trusted that their pension and their health benefits would be there. But their companies went bankrupt. Think of this, my colleagues. If you, anyone in your family, or any of your constituents were working a lifetime in a company, in an industry, and that company went bankrupt, and the answer to you is: Tough luck. We went bankrupt. Your pension went down the drain. It is absolutely criminal. It is absolutely criminal. The CR offers a shortterm, 4month patch for health care and leaves the miners worse off in April than they are now. I thank Senator MANCHIN for taking the lead in such a forceful way, and I thank MATTCARTWRIGHT for leading us here. In hope that we could defeat this rule, I urge my Republican colleagues who are from coal country in Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia—and coal country goes beyond. Virginia is one of the biggest coalproducing States, though you might not realize it. The CR does nothing, does nothing to solve the critical pension problem that threatens the future of these miners and their families. 
With our previous question, Democrats, led by Congressman CARTWRIGHT , are calling on Republicans to do better. We should be voting on commonsense, bipartisan legislation that would give miners in coal country the peace of mind of knowing that their retirements that they worked for all their lives are secure. Mr. MCKINLEY of West Virginia, a Republican, has led the way with the Miners Protection Act. It is a bipartisan bill. It has 87 cosponsors, and we would like to defeat this rule so that we can bring up Mr. MCKINLEY ’s Miners Protection Act. The bipartisan bill would transfer funds in excess of the amounts needed to meet existing legislation under the Abandoned Mine Land fund to the United Mine Workers 1974 pension plan to prevent its insolvency. The funds are there. They just need to be transferred. Mr. MCKINLEY ’s bill does that. Make certain retirees who lose healthcare benefits following the bankruptcy or insolvency of his or her employer eligible for benefits. As these families head toward the holiday season, we must ensure they can celebrate knowing that the health and pension benefits they earned—they have earned—will always be there for them. I was disappointed that, in the CR, we did not have an extender for some renewable initiatives, renewable alternatives. But we were told by the Speaker’s Office that our guys are fossil fuel guys. They are not interested in the renewables. Okay. I respect that. If you are fossil fuel guys, why aren’t you looking out for the fossil fuel people who have worked under dangerous circumstances for their lives, going into unsafe situations, breathing air that has created problems for their health, and now the companies have declared bankruptcy or insolvency. Tough luck for the workers. Mr. MCKINLEY knows that is not right. That is why he introduced the bill. Mr. CARTWRIGHT knows that is not right. That is why he is supporting the bill. And that is why Democrats come to the floor today to urge Republicans to express their concern for their constituents in the fossil fuel industry to do justice to them for the service they have provided for the benefits, pension, and health care they are entitled to. So we will see what the commitment is of the Republicans in Congress to the fossil fuel guys and gals. We will see on their vote here today. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill so we can vote ‘‘yes’’ on the McKinley Miners Protection Act. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am quoting from The Washington Post. It says, ‘‘The United Mine Workers of America’s retirement and healthcare funds currently support about 120,000 former miners and their families nationwide, but the account balances have rapidly declined as some coal companies shed duespaying workers and others filed for bankruptcy protection.’’ Mr. Speaker, this isn’t unique to coal country. The promises are unique to coal country, but bankruptcy is not unique to coal country. What is unique about the bankruptcy in coal country is that institutions like this helped to drive it along. Mr. Speaker, what you haven’t heard in this absolutely heartbreaking tale is the government’s complicity through shedding of duespaying workers and driving companies into bankruptcy, that the coal coming out of the ground in America today is being brought out of the ground by companies that are being forced into bankruptcy today. But that this continuing resolution, while a partial fix, is a 100 percent fix for the duration of the continuing resolution. My friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) is my friend, and what he says when he is talking passionately about the lives and what we can do to make a difference in the lives of retired miners, he says with 100 percent heartfelt sincerity, and I am grateful to him for it. And my friend from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ), whose legislation is the subject of this motion, believes in these people, believes in work, believes in commitment to promises like no one else in this institution, and I am proud to call him a friend as well. Mr. Speaker, there is absolutely no question in my mind that we have a shared commitment, shared values, and we will find a shared solution. I am reminded that the last time I found myself in this situation a friend of mine from Michigan was standing right over there at that podium. He too had a motion: if we defeated the previous question, he would offer to help the people of Flint. And I stood here at this microphone and said to my friend that he had a shared concern, that he had a concern that was on the hearts of all of us in this institution, and that we would come back and address his concern, though the forum was not this one today. With no sense of irony at all, Mr. Speaker, I tell you that this underlying bill has those dollars for Flint in it today, that the authorization for those projects are in the underlying bill today. So I say to my friend from Pennsylvania, as I said to my friend from Michigan, this is absolutely a shared concern. I am frustrated about how we got here, and I believe we are going to disagree about where blame lies in how we got here. How we fix it, however, is not dependent on who is to blame for getting here. How we fix it is dependent on our shared commitment to getting it done. This is not the bill for that longterm fix. We have not had those longterm conversations, Mr. Speaker, but we do have a 100 percent commitment for the duration of the continuing resolution to make sure those healthcare benefits continue. And I am proud that we, in a bipartisan, bicameral way, found those dollars to do that right thing. With that, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for her continued leadership, and let me also acknowledge my support of her stance on the previous question and the eloquence of Mr. CARTWRIGHT  on a very, very important issue. I rise to be part of that. Let me also join my good friend from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE) who said that the appropriators did their work. The American people need to know that. That is regular order, that the appropriation bills should have come forward, and the needs of the American people, through their Representatives in the people’s House, should have been addressed. That is not the case, Mr. Speaker. So I rise with deep concern—one, as a neighbor to Louisiana, which I know that funds are being allocated, but I realize the devastation there; but also as a Representative of the State of Texas and the 18th Congressional District, where we face a continuous barrage of rains and flooding, that we need continued relief from flooding and, of course, the additional amendment that I had passed in the Energy and Water Appropriations to finally do a study of Houston’s bayous. I am not going to give up on that. Now, there is money here on a short term basis for the Army Corps of Engineers’ community development block grant, the $1 billion for Federal Highway Administration, but we don’t know whether these moneys will, in fact, be able to solve the problems that we have. So regular order would have been appropriate. I know that the Senate asked for $240 millionplus for Flint, a place where I have traveled to more than one time. I know our good friend from Michigan, Congressman KILDEE , has laid himself on the line for those people. There is $100 million here. They need $200 millionplus now—now. This bill goes until April of 2017; and, frankly, I would argue that there are emergency instances where we need the full funding, and that is what is wrong with this CR. It is a compromise to go down even worse in April. That is my fear. It is a compromise to undermine employees of the Federal Government in April. Who knows what will be on the horizon. So this is not the response that we need for the American people. This is not regular order. This is not full funding. This does not allow for amendments. And then let me say this, Mr. Speaker. The last time we provided a waiver for a general—I think everybody can read their history books, and they 
know who General George C. Marshall was, in 1950. We have not done that now for 66 years. Where is the oversight of Congress? As a member of the Judiciary Committee, to be able to implement a waiver willynilly in the CR— no hearings, no legislation, no understanding. There is a definitive core in the American psyche and the constitutional premise of the civilianmilitary relationship, that there is a separation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. To be able to defend the Nation, we have the military. They are excellent. I am sure ‘‘Mad Dog’’ Mattis is excellent. But a waiver? Is this going to be the administration of waivers? We have already heard from the top Democrat in the Senate, changing the rules governing nominations he opposes. We know that, changing the rules in a CR, we should oppose. This is not regular order or regular legislation. This is a continuing resolution. For the American people, let me tell you what is happening. They are trying to ease under the door a process of eliminating the basic principle of separating the fact that you are in the military and you must have a separate period of time before you come into civilian leadership. This is a bad process, a bad bill. Let’s not fool the American people. Let’s treat them with fairness. This is wrong. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in opposition to the Rule for Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028, the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016.’’ I oppose this rule for four reasons: This rule does not follow the regular order process for House consideration of each appropriations bill; allow the full funding of the federal government for fiscal year 2017; allow for amendments; and support a long standing prohibition of not legislating on an appropriations bill. The rule before the House addresses consideration of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation (WIIN) Act, which includes the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2016, and a Continuing Resolution to fund the federal government until April 28, 2017. The WIIN Act, which contains the WRDA Act, authorizes much needed water projects around the nation that will improve water resources infrastructure. On April 17–18, 2016 Houston experienced a historic flood event that claimed the lives of eight people; damaged over 1,150 households; disrupted hundreds of businesses; closed community centers, schools, and places of worship due to flood waters. I appreciate the support I received from the Transportation Infrastructure Committee, which authorized projects that directs the Army Corps of Engineers to conduct studies into the conditions that lead to flooding. Although the funding has not been appropriated to conduct studies on conditions that lead to flooding, as it should have been if Congress had followed regular order for the appropriations’ process, the efforts to address flooding issues such what was seen in Houston over the last three years is essential to saving lives and property. The Jackson Lee Amendment .to H.R. 5055, the Energy and Water Appropriations Act which will help facilitate the $3 million needed to fund the Army Corps of Engineers’ Houston Regional Watershed Assessment flood risk management feasibility study. When funding is appropriated for this type of project the Army Corps of Engineers will conduct the first water system studies that looks at all factors that contribute to flooding not only in the City of Houston, but around the nation. Should the funding become available a special emphasis of the study if conducted in Houston would covers 22 primary watersheds within Harris County’s 1,756 square miles, will be placed on extreme flood events that exceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/functions and loss of life. Because of this Jackson Lee Amendment to authorize flood studies, I know that the WIIN and WRDA bills could have been improved through amendments; unfortunately, this rule does not allow amendments. I am a strong proponent of regular order and for the House to take seriously its responsibility to fund the federal government in a responsible and prudent manner. The leadership of the House is using the last days the 114th Congress will be in session to do appropriations work that should take 8 months to complete in a regular appropriations process. If we do not act, and pass this bill—the federal government would be under threat of shutting down. The fiscal year of the Federal government for 2016 ended on September 30, and the Fiscal Year for 2017 began on October 1, 2016. The use of Continuing Resolutions was historically used for the few bills that did not finish the full legislative process prior to October 1. Now Continuing Resolutions and Omnibus Appropriations bills are an annual part of the House budget and appropriations process— this is wrong and I will work in the next Congress to make sure that we are focused on bringing transparency back to the budgetary and appropriations process by following regular order. Mr. Speaker, Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028, ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016,’’ which extends current Fiscal Year 2017 government funding through April 28, 2017, at its current rate, which includes an acrossthe board cut of .19% for all accounts, defense and nondefense. The federal government operates under budgetary and authorization constraints that cannot be met if administrators of agencies are unable to plan because they do not know what their funding levels will be from year to year. This short term Continuing Resolution does the most harm to Fiscal Year 2017 because we have already passed one CR and now this body is about to pass another that will end in April. This creates uncertainty not only for the work of federal agencies, but for programs that fund local and state programs and projects that include infrastructure, education, food programs and much more. This haphazard appropriations process also causes problems and uncertainty for companies and businesses that provide goods and services to the federal government. Further, this rule keeps in place sequestration the most damaging and fiscally irrespirable thing done by the 114th Congress to the American people. Under the conditions that the two bills under this rule have been managed by the leadership of the House, it would have benefited from amendments to make improvements to the bill. Because this bill changes a law that has nothing to do with appropriations, it would have been beneficial to allow the House to clearly speak to this single issue through the amendment process, which would support debate and a clear affirmation for the change in law governing the appointment of the Secretary of Defense. Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028 also does something very serious, which has nothing to do with funding the federal government. This short term CR has language that changes the number of years a retired member of the armed services must wait before being considered for the position of Secretary of Defense. The bill’s critical imperfection has nothing to do with funding the federal government—it is a change in law that would allow a retired military person to serve after only 3 years of retirement instead of 7. The service to our nation and the honor and integrity of the person under consideration at present to be the next Secretary of Defense is not in question—it is the reason why there is a waiting period and why that is important. By placing this change in a continuing resolution—a bill designed not to allow more than an hour of debate and not changes is not the vehicle we should use to make this change. If President Obama has suggested a change in law to be accomplished in a continuing resolution appropriations bill his request would have been denied. The politicization of the legislative process has seriously undermined the credibility of the Congress to do the important work of funding the federal government. Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that we have again been placed in the position of having to fund the government through the device of a continuing resolution rather through the normal appropriations process of considering and voting on the twelve separate spending bills reported by the Committee on Appropriations. The use of this appropriations measure to further a political objective adds further insult to this body and the appropriations process. There are oversight committees with the knowledge, expertise and experience to make the determination on whether this change is prudent and if they determine that it is—to make the appropriate changes in law. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in opposition to this Rule and in support of Congress returning to regular order for the consideration of authorization and appropriations bills. 
[From CQ Roll Call, Dec. 6, 2016] NEWCR W OULD EASECONFIRMATION FOR  MATTIS  (by John M. Donnelly) The new stopgap spending bill would clear a path for lawmakers to exempt President elect Donald Trump’s Defense secretary nominee from a law requiring a sevenyear waiting period before retired military officers can take that job. Many Democrats oppose the move and they could make trouble for the continuing resolution as a result, though it is unclear if they will risk a government shutdown to make their point. The House expects to pass the CR on Thursday and the Senate on Friday, just in time for President Barack Obama to sign the bill into law and keep the federal government operating, as the current CR expires that day. The new CR, unveiled Tuesday night, contains a provision that would expedite consideration of legislation that would enable the Senate to confirm retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis, Trump’s nowofficial pick for Pentagon chief, even though he retired from military service three years ago. 
EXPEDITED PROCESS  The provision provides that the Senate may consider under expedited procedures legislation that would give Mattis an exception to a nearly decadeold law requiring a sevenyear interlude after military service. The sevenyear mandate was itself a shortened version of the original inyear requirement in the National Security Act of 1947 (PL 80–253), to which Congress granted an exception only once, in 1950, in the case of Army Gen. George C. Marshall. The legislation to grant the exception can be introduced in the first 30 days of the next Congress’s first session. It would have to pass both houses, but the CR seeks to knock down possible dilatory procedures Democrats might use in the Senate. The Senate Armed Services Committee would have five days to report it. If they did not do so, it would go straight to the floor anyway. Once there, it would still require 60 votes to pass, unless leaders of both parties agreed to waive that requirement. But the CR provision would knock down a number of other timeconsuming procedural hurdles. The Senate would debate it for 10 hours. Arizona Republican John McCain, chairman of Senate Armed Services, had said earlier Tuesday that it is critical to confirm a new Defense secretary as soon as possible. ‘‘Apparently, Democrats are saying they want to drag it out,’’ he said, referring to the confirmation process. ‘‘You can’t drag out the secretary of Defense. . . . It’s absolutely disgraceful. It puts the nation’s security at risk.’’ Democrats have said they will resist an attempt to bobtail congressional debate over the Mattis nomination and the larger issue of civilian control of the military, which they believe deserves scrutiny. Whether they will oppose the expedited process detailed in the CR provision remains to be seen. 
OPPOSITION TO RULE CHANGES  Asked before the CR provision was unveiled publicly whether the Mattis provision could doom the whole stopgap, incoming Senate Minority Whip Richard J. Durbin said: ‘‘I hope it doesn’t come to it . . . There’s a strong sentiment opposing any rules changes in the CR.’’ Jack Reed of Rhode Island, the top Democrat on Senate Armed Services, said in a statement he opposes ‘‘changing the rules’’ governing nominations. ‘‘Trying to jam an historic change like this through on a yearend spending bill, or changing the rules before a serious debate can take place, is not the way to conduct the people’s business,’’ Reed said. ‘‘Surely, at the very least, it is worth having bipartisan hearings and debate before taking any action that could unintentionally disrupt the long established principle of civilian control of the military.’’ New York Democrat Charles E. Schumer, the Senate’s incoming minority leader, told reporters prior to release of the new spending legislation that the Mattis nomination should not be ‘‘shortshrifted through a CR.’’ ‘‘There should be a full process, and our caucus feels very strongly about that,’’ Schumer said. ‘‘And changing the rules in a CR? That’s never been done before.’’ Along the same lines, in the House, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D–Calif., said earlier in the day that using a CR to address a forthcoming nomination would set a ‘‘terrible precedent.’’ ‘‘The American people are entitled to regular order and thoughtful scrutiny of nominees and any potential waivers,’’ Pelosi said. Likewise, the top Democrat on House Intelligence, Californian Adam B. Schiff, said in a statement prior to the CR’s release: ‘‘Members of Congress would benefit from knowing not only General Mattis’ views on civilian control of the military, but who else from the military the Presidentelect intends to nominate for other key positions in his Cabinet. This illconsidered idea of rushing to judgment and including the waiver in a mustpass spending bill should be rejected.’’ Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I say to my friend from New York that I do not have any speakers remaining, and I am prepared to close after she does. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to stand here in support of the Water Infrastructure Improvements Act for the Nation, also known as WIIN, because this legislation is a big win for my home State of Florida. There are two projects in there that I would like to talk about: the restoration of our Everglades and actually the expansion of Port Everglades, which is a different project. b1000 Our Everglades is the crown jewel of Florida. We also call it the river of grass. It is the home to an extraordinary natural habitat which attracts thousands and thousands of visitors every year, but, more important, it is where we store and clean the water for 7 million Floridians each year. Within WIIN is CEPP, Central Everglades Planning Project, which will continue the promise of this Congress to restore the natural flow of our river of grass that was interrupted years ago by Federal agencies. Also in this winning legislation is the expansion of Port Everglades, one of Florida’s premier ports. Last year I was able to travel with our Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to Panama. We witnessed the opening of the canal, and we have seen the massive ships that are now traveling the seas, ships that will not be allowed into many of our ports unless we have an expansion. This bill will allow the expansion of Port Everglades to go forward. Mr. Speaker, I just want to let you know that it has taken us 20 years to get this authorized. So when I say this is a big win, this is a big economic win for south Florida because we expect, with the expansion 7,000 new jobs, 135,000 indirect new jobs, and $500 million of economic impact for our State. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support what will be a big win for our country. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I urge the majority, once again, to get back to regular order and get to work on longterm appropriations to end this long cycle of political brinksmanship. These shortterm appropriations stifle economic growth and fail to provide stability to the American people. CBS News has highlighted that it costs the taxpayers an estimated $24 million a week just to run the House of Representatives. It is disappointing that this session of Congress is ending much the same way it began, with taxpayers failing to get their money’s worth. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the kind words my friend from Florida just had to say about the WRDA bill. Twenty years was her testimony. Twenty years the folks in south Florida have been waiting for a solution. We came to that in a bipartisan way, bicameral way. If we support this rule, we are going to make that the law of the land. Before I spend a little more time bragging about the content of the bill, Mr. Speaker, I have to tell you that these things don’t happen by accident. On the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure alone, we have got a whole team of folks, again, who have been working for not days, not weeks, not even months, but years on this final project. Our staff director on the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Matt Sturges, tireless in this effort; the subcommittee staff director, Geoff Bowman; Collin McCune on the committee, working with every single member to make sure no balls get dropped, that we don’t miss a single opportunity to make a difference. You look at all the work that goes on behind the scenes, Mr. Speaker, and it culminates right here in just this 1 hour of debate. We have talked about what went on in California. We have talked about what goes on in Florida; in Texas, years waiting for the Brazos Island Harbor project, Mr. Speaker, years waiting for the Upper Trinity River project, the Houston Ship Channel. Thanks to WRDA, all of these projects are going to happen. Projects in Alaska, New Hampshire, Maine, Louisiana, North Carolina, Missouri, 
Kansas, Washington all inside this bill, all the result of individual members working together to make those a reality. With the passage of this bill, Mr. Speaker, we are going to get back to a regular order process, exerting our constituents’ control over executive branch agencies as it relates to water projects. We are going to get back in the habit of doing the annual work of coming together, looking at what the national infrastructure priorities are of America, and getting about that business, prioritizing those projects, focusing on those projects, getting the red tape out of the way, making sure we are delivering for folks back home. It has been a long time coming. Mr. Speaker, I am not going to slow it down any longer. I ask all of my colleagues to support this rule so that we can consider the underlying bills, and I ask all of my colleagues to cast an enthusiastic ‘‘yes’’ vote for those underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Ms. SLAUGHTER is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YODER ). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting House Resolution 949, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4919. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 234, nays 181, not voting 18, as follows: [Roll No. 617] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) 
Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Ashford Clawson (FL) Clyburn Ellmers (NC) Fincher Forbes Graves (MO) Kirkpatrick McCaul Olson Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Van Hollen Wenstrup Westmoreland 
b1031 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. (By unanimous consent, Ms. LEEwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with a very heavy heart. Last weekend, my home city of Oakland, California, suffered a horrific tragedy. Constituents from Congressman SWALWELL ’s district and Congressman DESAULNIER ’s district suffered a tremendous tragedy and were killed. A devastating fire at an artist collective warehouse in the Fruitvale neighborhood in Oakland killed 36 young, talented individuals. I want to first thank my colleagues, all of you, for your condolences and offers of assistance. These were young men and women who had their whole futures ahead of them. Their lives were tragically cut short. We want to extend our deepest condolences and prayers to the victims’ families and their loved ones during this anguishing time. We are in mourning for these young people. But know that Oakland residents are resilient, compassionate, and caring. We will continue to support all of our residents during this very difficult time with any recovery efforts. I ask the House to observe a moment of silence. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MCCARTHY ). Without objection, 5 minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 235, nays 180, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Ashford Clawson (FL) Clyburn Ellmers (NC) Fincher Forbes Graves (MO) Kirkpatrick McCaul Olson Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Van Hollen Wenstrup Westmoreland 
b1042 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DOLD). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4919) to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 346, nays 66, not voting 21, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Allen Amash Babin Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Chaffetz Comer Davidson DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Foxx Garrett Gohmert Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guthrie Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie Meadows Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Palazzo Palmer Payne Pearce Perry Posey Rouzer Russell Sanford Smith (MO) Stewart Stutzman Walker Weber (TX) Williams Wittman Yoho Young (AK) 
Amodei Ashford Clawson (FL) Clyburn Ellmers (NC) Fincher Forbes Gibson Graves (MO) Kirkpatrick McCaul Olson Peters Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Van Hollen Wenstrup Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 617, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 618, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 619. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, December 7, 2016 and Thursday, December 8, 2016, I missed rollcall votes due to my participation in a flyover demonstration in memorial of the 75th Anniversary of Pearl Harbor at the George Bush Presidential Library in Houston, TX. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall Nos. 609, 610, 611, 612, 613, 614, 615, 616, 617, 618, and 619. 
TO ENSURE FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2974) to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2974 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE; PERFECTING AMENDMENT. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RECOMMIT ON S. 612, GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question 
of adopting a motion to recommit on S. 612 be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 949, I call up the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–69 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
S. 612 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Army. Subtitle A—General Provisions 
The Secretary may enter into agreements to assume the operation and maintenance costs of an alternative project to maintenance dredging for a Federal navigation channel if the costs of the operation and maintenance of the alternative project, and any remaining costs necessary for maintaining the Federal navigation 
channel, are less than the costs of maintaining such channel without the alternative project. 
The Secretary is authorized to maintain federally authorized harbors of refuge to restore and maintain the authorized dimensions of the harbors. 
FEDERAL , STATE , AND LOCAL ’’ and in serting ‘‘
Section 2017 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2342) is amended to read as follows: 
any other applicable laws or regulations governing the safe navigation of a vessel. 
For the purposes of section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 890, chapter 665; 33 U.S.C. 708), in any case in which a water supply agreement with a duration of 30 years or longer was predicated on water that was surplus to a purpose and provided for the complete payment of the actual investment costs of storage to be used, and that purpose is no longer authorized as of the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall provide to the non Federal entity an opportunity to convert the agreement to a permanent storage agreement in accordance with section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b), with the same payment terms incorporated in the agreement. 
Disposal of dredged material shall not be considered environmentally acceptable for the purposes of identifying the Federal standard (as defined in section 335.7 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)) if the disposal violates applicable State water quality standards approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). Subtitle B—Studies 
In carrying out the comprehensive plan authorized by section 4091 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1187), the Secretary shall consider studies, data, and information developed by the Gulf Coast Community Protection and Recovery District to expedite completion of the plan. 
northwesterly about 240.57 feet to a point N3056232.82 E850804.14; thence northwesterly about 203.60 feet to a point N3056435.41 E850783.93; thence northwesterly about 78.63 feet to a point N3056499.63 E850738.56; thence northwesterly about 60.00 feet to a point N3056526.30 E850684.81; thence southwesterly about 85.56 feet to a point N3056523.33 E850599.31; thence southwesterly about 36.20 feet to a point N3056512.37 E850564.81; thence southwesterly about 80.10 feet to a point N3056467.08 E850498.74; thence southwesterly about 169.05 feet to a point N3056334.36 E850394.03; thence northwesterly about 48.52 feet to a point N3056354.38 E850349.83; thence northeasterly about 83.71 feet to a point N3056436.35 E850366.84; thence northeasterly about 212.38 feet to a point N3056548.70 E850547.07; thence northeasterly about 47.60 feet to a point N3056563.12 E850592.43; thence northeasterly about 101.16 feet to a point N3056566.62 E850693.53; thence southeasterly about 80.22 feet to a point N3056530.97 E850765.40; thence southeasterly about 99.29 feet to a point N3056449.88 E850822.69; thence southeasterly about 210.12 feet to a point N3056240.79 E850843.54; thence southeasterly about 219.46 feet to a point N3056031.13 E850908.38; thence southeasterly about 38.23 feet to a point N3056014.02 E850942.57; thence southeasterly about 410.93 feet to a point N3055896.06 E851336.21; thence northeasterly about 188.43 feet to a point N3055925.46 E851522.33; thence northeasterly about 135.47 feet to a point N3055992.91 E851639.80; thence northeasterly about 52.15 feet to a point N3056023.90 E851681.75; thence northeasterly about 91.57 feet to a point N3056106.82 E851720.59. 
The portion of the project for navigation, Stonington Harbour, Connecticut, authorized by the Act of May 23, 1828 (4 Stat. 288, chapter 73), that consists of the inner stone breakwater that begins at coordinates N. 682,146.42, E. 1231,378.69, running north 83.587 degrees west 166.79’ to a point N. 682,165.05, E. 1,231,212.94, running north 69.209 degrees west 380.89’ to a point N. 682,300.25, E. 1,230,856.86, is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The portion of the project for flood control with respect to the Red River below Denison Dam, Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Louisiana, authorized by section 10 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (60 Stat. 647, chapter 596), consisting of the portion of the West Agurs Levee that begins at lat. 32 ° 32’ 50.86’’ N., by long. 93° 46’ 16.82’’ W., and ends at lat. 32 ° 31’ 22.79’’ N., by long. 93° 45’ 2.47’’ W., is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The project for navigation at Hannibal Small Boat Harbor on the Mississippi River, Hannibal, Missouri, authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 166, chapter 188), is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, and any maintenance requirements associated with the project are terminated. 
1. TX Brazos Island Harbor Nov. 3, 2014 Federal: $121,023,000 NonFederal: $89,453,000 Total: $210,476,000 
2. LA Calcasieu Lock Dec. 2, 2014 Total: $17,432,000 (to be derived 1⁄2from the general fund of the Treasury and 
3. NH, ME Portsmouth Harbor and Piscataqua River Feb. 8, 2015 Federal: $16,015,000 NonFederal: $5,338,000 Total: $21,353,000 
4. FL Port Everglades Jun. 25, 2015 Federal: $229,770,000 NonFederal: $107,233,000 Total: $337,003,000 
5. AK Little Diomede Harbor Aug. 10, 2015 Federal: $26,394,000 NonFederal: $2,933,000 Total: $29,327,000 
6. SC Charleston Harbor Sep. 8, 2015 Federal: $231,239,000 NonFederal: $271,454,000 Total: $502,693,000 
7. AK Craig Harbor Mar. 16, 2016 Federal: $29,456,000 NonFederal: $3,299,000 Total: $32,755,000 
8. PA Upper Ohio Sep. 12, 2016 Total: $2,691,600,000 (to be derived 1⁄2from the general fund of the Treasury and 
1. TX Leon Creek Watershed Jun. 30, 2014 Federal: $22,145,000 NonFederal: $11,925,000 Total: $34,070,000 
2. MO, KS Armourdale and Central Industrial District Levee Units, Missouri River and Tributaries at Kansas Citys Jan. 27, 2015 Federal: $213,271,500 NonFederal: $114,838,500 Total: $328,110,000 
3. KS City of Manhattan Apr. 30, 2015 Federal: $16,151,000 NonFederal: $8,697,000 Total: $24,848,000 
4. TN Mill Creek Oct. 16, 2015 Federal: $17,950,000 NonFederal: $10,860,000 Total: $28,810,000 
5. KS Upper Turkey Creek Basin Dec. 22, 2015 Federal: $25,610,000 NonFederal: $13,790,000 Total: $39,400,000 
6. NC Princeville Feb. 23, 2016 Federal: $14,080,000 NonFederal: $7,582,000 Total: $21,662,000 
7. CA American River Common Features Apr. 26, 2016 Federal: $890,046,900 NonFederal: $705,714,100 Total: $1,595,761,000 
8. CA West Sacramento Apr. 26, 2016 Federal: $788,861,000 NonFederal: $424,772,000 Total: $1,213,633,000. 
1. SC Colleton County Sep. 5, 2014 Initial Federal: $14,448,000 Initial NonFederal: $7,780,000 Initial Total: $22,228,000 Renourishment Federal: $17,491,000 Renourishment NonFederal: $17,491,000 Renourishment Total: $34,982,000 
2. FL Flagler County Dec. 23, 2014 Initial Federal: $9,561,000 Initial NonFederal: $5,149,000 Initial Total: $14,710,000 Renourishment Federal: $15,814,000 Renourishment NonFederal: $15,815,000 Renourishment Total: $31,629,000 
3. NC Carteret County Dec. 23, 2014 Initial Federal: $25,468,000 Initial NonFederal: $13,714,000 Initial Total: $39,182,000 Renourishment Federal: $120,428,000 Renourishment NonFederal: $120,429,000 Renourishment Total: $240,857,000 
4. NJ Hereford Inlet to Cape May Inlet, Cape May County Jan. 23, 2015 Initial Federal: $14,823,000 Initial NonFederal: $7,981,000 Initial Total: $22,804,000 Renourishment Federal: $43,501,000 Renourishment NonFederal: $43,501,000 Renourishment Total: $87,002,000 
5. LA West Shore Lake Pontchartrain Jun. 12, 2015 Federal: $483,496,650 NonFederal: $260,344,350 Total: $743,841,000 
6. CA San Diego County Apr. 26, 2016 Initial Federal: $20,953,000 Initial NonFederal: $11,282,000 Initial Total: $32,235,000 Renourishment Federal: $70,785,000 Renourishment NonFederal: $70,785,000 Renourishment Total: $141,570,000. 
1. FL Central Everglades Dec. 23, 2014 Federal: $993,131,000 NonFederal: $991,544,000 Total: $1,984,675,000 
2. WA Skokomish River Dec. 14, 2015 Federal: $13,168,000 NonFederal: $7,091,000 Total: $20,259,000 
3. WA Puget Sound Sep. 16, 2016 Federal: $300,009,000 NonFederal: $161,543,000 Total: $461,552,000. 
1. IL, WI Upper Des Plaines River and Tributaries Jun. 8, 2015 Federal: $204,860,000 NonFederal: $110,642,000 Total: $315,502,000. 
1. CA South San Francisco Bay Shoreline Dec. 18, 2015 Federal: $70,511,000 NonFederal: $106,689,000 Total: $177,200,000. 
1. OR Willamette River Dec. 14, 2015 Federal: $19,531,000 NonFederal: $10,845,000 Total: $30,376,000 
2. CA Los Angeles River Dec. 18, 2015 Federal: $373,413,500 NonFederal: $1,046,893,500 Total: $1,420,307,000. 
1. LA Southwest Coastal Louisiana Jul. 29, 2016 Federal: $2,054,386,100 NonFederal: $1,106,207,900 Total: $3,160,594,000. 
1. TX Upper Trinity River May 21, 2008 Federal: $526,500,000 NonFederal: $283,500,000 Total: $810,000,000 
2. KS, MO Turkey Creek Basin May 13, 2016 Federal: $101,491,650 NonFederal: $54,649,350 Total: $156,141,000 
3. KY Ohio River Shoreline May 13, 2016 Federal: $20,309,900 NonFederal: $10,936,100 Total: $31,246,000 
4. MO Blue River Basin May 13, 2016 Federal: $36,326,250 NonFederal: $12,108,750 Total: $48,435,000 
5. FL Picayune Strand Jul. 15, 2016 Federal: $313,166,000 NonFederal: $313,166,000 Total: $626,332,000 
6. MO Swope Park Industrial Area, Blue River Jul. 15, 2016 Federal: $21,033,350 NonFederal: $11,325,650 Total: $32,359,000 
7. AZ Rio de Flag, Flagstaff Sep. 21, 2016 Federal: $66,844,900 NonFederal: $36,039,100 Total: $102,884,000 
8. TX Houston Ship Channel Nov. 4, 2016 Federal: $381,773,000 NonFederal: $127,425,000 Total: $509,198,000. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water and Waste Act of 2016’’. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress should provide robust funding of capitalization grants to States to fund those States’ drinking water treatment revolving loan funds established under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) and the State water pollution control revolving funds established under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.). 
Part E of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Part E of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
water of the State is or is likely to be adversely affected by a release or potential release from a coal combustion residuals unit located in the State for which the program or other system was approved. ‘‘(ii) NOTIFICATION AND OPPORTUNITY FOR A  
There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘Indian Irrigation Fund’’, consisting of— 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement Act’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a detailed letter on the implementation of this subtitle, including a description of each project that has received funding under this subtitle. 
No funds may be appropriated or used under this subtitle for acquisition by the Federal Government of any interest in land. 
This subtitle shall have no force or effect after September 30, 2023. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions 
STORAGE CONTRACT .—To the extent the amended storage contract, as authorized, 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act’’. 
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Swiftcurrent Creek Bank Stabilization Project’’ means the project to mitigate the physical and environmental problems associated with the St. Mary Unit from Sherburne Dam to the St. Mary River, as described in the report entitled ‘‘Boulder/ Swiftcurrent Creek Stabilization Project, Phase II Investigations Report’’, prepared by DOWL HKM, and dated March 2012. 
The Commissioner is directed to work with local water and irrigation districts in the Stanislaus River Basin to ascertain the water storage made available by the Draft Plan of Operations in New Melones Reservoir (DRPO) for water conservation programs, conjunctive use projects, water transfers, rescheduled project water and other projects to maximize water storage and ensure the beneficial use of the water resources in the Stanislaus River Basin. All such programs and projects shall be implemented according to all applicable laws and regulations. The source of water for any such storage program at New Melones Reservoir shall be made available under a valid water right, consistent with the State water transfer guidelines and any other applicable State water law. The Commissioner shall inform the Congress within 18 months setting forth the amount of storage made available by the DRPO that has been put to use under this program, including proposals received by the Commissioner from interested parties for the purpose of this section. 
approximately equal installments, no later than 3 years after the effective date of the repayment contract, such amount to be discounted by 
The Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 is amended by inserting after section 9a (16 U.S.C. 831h1) the following: 
Title I of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The Coastal Wetlands Planning, Protection and Restoration Act (Public Law 101–646; 16 U.S.C. 3951 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ), the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), and the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 612. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, or the WIIN Act. This is a comprehensive bill to address water resources and infrastructure issues across the country and could be one of the final achievements of this Congress. Today we have an opportunity to deliver one more win for America. The WIIN Act includes the Water Resources Development Act as title I. Ranking Member DEFAZIO and I worked very closely throughout the process to ensure his and other Democratic priorities were preserved in this final bill. So I want to thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO for his work with me on the WRDA title. However, this bill is bigger than just WRDA, and I also want to thank the Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman UPTON , the Natural Resources Committee Chairman BISHOP , and our Senate counterparts for helping us put together this package today. This legislation provides important direction from Congress to the Army Corps of Engineers in their missions to improve our infrastructure. The bill strengthens America’s competitiveness, creates jobs, and grows the economy. The WIIN Act maintains congressional constitutional authority to ensure our infrastructure is safe and effective. This bill contains authorizations for 30 Corps Chief’s Reports, eight Post Authorization Change Reports, and 37 feasibility studies for projects across the United States. Today’s legislation restores regular order and the 2year cycle of Congress considering these essential WRDA bills. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, this is good public policy, so I strongly urge my colleagues to support this jobs and infrastructure bill. 
OVER 70 ORGANIZATIONS SUPPORT  Waterways Council, Inc.; American Public Works Association; Association of California Water Agencies; Family Farm Alliance; The American Waterways Operators; American Society of Civil Engineers; Ducks Unlimited; Archer Daniels Midland Company; National Waterways Conference Inc.; Inland Rivers Ports and Terminals Association, Inc.; Global Tech Power; Terral RiverService; National Association of Flood and Stormwater Management Agencies; Tuloma Stevedoring, Inc. Port of Pittsburgh Commission; National Milk Producers Federation; U.S. Chamber of Commerce; American Association of Port Authorities; National Ready Mixed Concrete Association; Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative; National Corn Growers Association; National Association of Manufacturers; American Water Works Association; Pacific Northwest Waterways Association; Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies; Great Lakes Metro Chambers Coalition; Tennessee River Valley Association; Alliance for the Great Lakes. API Coalition letter: American Association of Port Authorities; American Chemistry Council; American Farm Bureau; American Forest and Paper Association; American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers; American Great Lakes Ports Association; American Petroleum Institute; American Road and Transportation Builders Association; American Waterways Operators; Big River Coalition; Dredging Contractors of America; Great Lakes Metro Chambers Coalition; Lake Carriers’ Association; Mississippi Valley Flood Control Association; National Grain and Feed Association; National Mining Association; National Retail 
Federation; National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association; Portland Cement Association; Retail Industry Leaders Association; The Fertilizer Institute; Waterways Council, Inc.; U.S. Chamber of Commerce. California Water Authorities Coalition: Friant North Authority; Friant Water Authority; Kern County Water Agency; Metropolitan Water District; San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors; South Valley Water Association; Tehama Colusa Canal Authority; Westlands Water District. Water Infrastructure Network: American Council of Engineering Companies; American Public Works Association; American Society of Civil Engineers; Associated General Contractors of America; International Union of Operating Engineers; Laborers International Union of North America; National Association Clean Water Agencies; National Rural Water Association; United Association of Plumbers and Pipefitters; Vinyl Institute. Highway Materials Group: American Coal Ash Association; American Traffic Safety Services Association; Association of Equipment Manufacturers; National Asphalt Pavement Association; National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association; Precast/Prestressed Concrete Institute; American Concrete Pavement Association; Associated Equipment Distributors; Concrete Reinforcing Steel Institute; National Ready Mixed Concrete Association; Portland Cement Association. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Unfortunately, today I rise in opposition to S. 612. At one point, I wholeheartedly supported this bill. There should be nothing partisan about infrastructure. Building and rebuilding infrastructure for transportation of goods and people, for shipping, for rail, for other aspects, and clean water—all that should be nonpartisan. It is in the best interests of the United States of America to make us more competitive and more efficient. This bill reflected the best of that tradition when it came out of the committee. Unfortunately, a number of things have happened since. First, when we came to the floor, the leadership stripped out a provision which was adopted unanimously in committee to make the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund into a trust fund—spending the tax that is collected for harbor maintenance on—shocking in Washington, D.C.—harbor maintenance. Right now, the Budget Committee diverts that money every year somewhere else—imaginary deficit reduction or some other program—and we underspend, through the appropriations process, that money. So the Americans are paying a tax. Every good you buy that is imported you pay a little bit more for it. You are paying that tax, and Congress is diverting the money while our harbors shoal in and our jetties crumble, and we can’t compete in the world market. The committee had adopted a provision to turn that into a real trust fund and spend the money on harbor maintenance. That was stripped out because of objections by the Budget Committee that wants to divert the money and the Appropriations Committee that wants to divert the money. That just shouldn’t be. I want to thank the chairman for promising to continue to work on that issue, which came out of committee, when we do the Water Resources Development bill again next year. Hopefully, the Trump administration will take a different position on this. There is $9 billion sitting there waiting to be spent tomorrow of taxes that have already been collected to maintain our harbors that Congress doesn’t want to spend, despite the shoaling in and the jetties’ deteriorating conditions. So, hopefully, the new administration will take a different position in the budget on that. Secondly, just this week, a 100page provision which did not come from our committee, which relates to a hugely controversial water diversion and settlement of disputes in California pitting members of the California delegation on both sides of the aisle against one another, doesn’t only just affect California, because Sacramento salmon swim north, and the last time we had a bad drought they shut down all the fishing on the southern Oregon coast because of endangered Sacramento salmon. Our salmon were doing fine. So if they start diverting more water from the delta, from the Sacramento, it is likely that our fisheries will be shut down in Oregon because of this misplaced provision which has not had any congressional review of any sort in any committee in this House. b1100 Finally, gratuitously, as part of that gigantic project in California, they are undermining Buy America and Davis Bacon provisions. I hope this isn’t a harbinger of things to come, that despite the President who wants a stronger Buy America, that the Republican House is going to want to undermine Buy America and start buying Chinese and Russian steel for our projects and doing away with prevailing wages paying a good living wage to people who work in construction jobs. It is very unfortunate that was inserted in this bill. But there are many meritorious provisions in the bill set aside for dredging of small harbors and many, many individual projects and authorizations in the bill. Had these other three things not happened, I would have enthusiastically supported it, but, unfortunately, I will have to oppose the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. I rise in reluctant opposition to S. 612. Mr. Speaker, at one time, this bill had great promise. At one time, this bill represented the bipartisan traditions of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. When the Committee unanimously reported this bill to the House, I was proud to support the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. However, since that time, the House Republican Leadership has unilaterally stripped key Democratic priorities and airdroppedin controversial Republican provisions making it impossible for me to support the bill today. At every step of the legislative process, House Republican Leaders have morphed what was once the product of months of hard work by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure into something that I, as the Ranking Democrat on the Committee, can no longer support—despite the fact that some good policy provisions remain in this bill. That being said, I thank the Chairman of the Committee, Mr. SHUSTER , for following through on his promise to pass a Water Resources Development Act this Congress. In May, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure unanimously approved WRDA. That bipartisan bill took a bold step to ensure that Congress would begin to draw down the enormous surplus in the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund (HMTF). This position, one that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has fought for, on a bipartisan basis, for decades, would have made the $9 billion surplus of the HMTF immediately available to the Secretary of the Army to dredge our Nation’s harbors. Unfortunately, this provision was stripped from the bill by the House Republican Leadership before Floor consideration, and was not included in the Housepassed WRDA. This important provision would have unlocked the HMTF to ensure that revenues collected from shippers are used to dredge our Nation’s harbors, and are not diverted to cover other debts of the U.S. Treasury. Despite this, I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER for his commitment to work with me in the next Congress to unlock the HMTF once and for all. Without this provision, the balance in the Trust Fund will double in the next decade to more than $17 billion and continue to grow year after year, despite the tremendous needs of our Nation’s ports and harbors. I am confident that, in the 115th Congress, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure can achieve full use of the HMTF, and strengthen and maintain our ports, harbors and waterways, and our Nation’s economic competitiveness. I thank Chairman SHUSTER  for his promise to work with me to achieve full use of the HMTF in the next Congress. Again, while I will oppose final passage of this bill, I do want to highlight several promising provisions in the bill. Emblematic of prior water resources legislation, S. 612 authorizes all pending Corps of Engineers’ project authorizations—valued at more than $10 billion. It also authorizes 32 new feasibility studies and additional project modifications to existing Corps’ projects—the first such provisions enacted since 2007. The bill also includes several provisions to improve the overall efficiency and transparency of the Corps in carrying out its construction and regulatory missions while preserving existing Federal environmental protections. For example, S. 612 includes a provision that requires the Corps to coordinate the regulatory review of project modifications (socalled section 408 reviews) with the expectation that these coordinated reviews will help expedite the decisionmaking process. S. 612 also directs the Secretary to expeditiously complete a report to Congress on any materials, articles, or supplies manufactured outside the United States that are currently used in Corps projects. This report will be critical to increased oversight by this Committee of the use of foreignmanufactured goods in Corps projects. 
S. 612 also includes provisions to preserve and enhance the participation of Indian tribes in our waterrelated infrastructure, as well as honor commitments made by the U.S. government to the tribes. First, the bill includes a provision that authorizes the Corps to provide immediate housing assistance to the Indian tribes displaced as a result of the construction of the Bonneville Dam, as well as to further study those Indian tribes displaced from the construction of the John Day Dam. Both of these provisions are intended to ensure that the Federal Government lives up to the commitments made to the tribes for construction of these two projects generations ago. In addition, S. 612 includes a provision that directs the Corps to undertake a comprehensive study of the existing tribal consultation process for the construction of any water resources development project, or any other project that may require the Corps’ approval or the issuance of a Corps permit. As recent events have shown, it is past time for the Corps to revisit its existing tribal consultation processes to ensure that the Corps undertakes meaningful consultation with Indian tribes for projects that may have an impact on tribal cultural or natural resources. I look forward to working with the Corps to ensure that this study and report are completed within the year. I am also pleased that S. 612 provides the framework for the Federal Government to finally meet its commitment to help the families affected by leadcontaminated water in Flint, Michigan. While the funding for these projects will ultimately be included in the appropriations bill that funds the government into next year, I support the inclusion of additional Drinking Water State Revolving Fund resources for communities experiencing public health threats associated with leadwater contamination, and urge the Administration to release these funds to the State of Michigan and to the City of Flint as quickly as possible. The bill also benefits my home state of Oregon. First, and foremost, the bill makes permanent the existing setaside of harbor maintenance funding for small commercial harbors. These small commercial harbors are the lifeblood of local and regional economies; yet, for decades, Federal dredging needs at these harbors went unmet. S. 612 makes permanent the existing 10 percent setaside of annual Federal maintenance dredging funds for these types of harbors, and ensures that this 10 percent is the minimum (not the maximum) amount allocated to small commercial harbors from both baseline funding and priority funds. The bill also provides for the firstever survey of the condition of existing breakwaters and jetties protecting Federal harbors. In the Northwest, these critical structures are crumbling, failing to provide necessary protection for shippers and fishermen alike, and increasing the longterm costs of maintaining our ports and harbors. This survey will provide Congress with critical information on the condition of breakwaters and levees so that we may start the process of repairing or replacing these structures in the near future. I am pleased that S. 612 also authorizes a new Columbia River Basin Restoration Program at the Environmental Protection Agency to help reduce toxic contamination and clean up contaminated sites in the Columbia River Basin. However, Mr. Speaker, there are also provisions in this bill that I cannot support. For example, when the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 was considered in the House in September, I sponsored an amendment to ensure that scarce Federal funds are not used for the construction of non economicallyjustified projects, or projects for the construction of ballfields and splash parks. Unfortunately, at the insistence of the Republican majority, the authorization of the Central City; Texas project remains in this final bill, without the protections for taxpayers that I sought in my amendment. Should this project continue, I will continue to press the Committee and the Corps to oversee this project to ensure that taxpayer dollars are not wasted on frivolous and noneconomicallyjustified projects, regardless of where they are constructed. In addition, I did not support the inclusion in this bill of those provisions which side with one State over another in regional water issues, such as those involving the ApalachicolaChattahoocheeFlint watersheds in the States of Georgia, Florida, and Alabama. I do not support the inclusion of any of the provisions that purport to grant a private citizen with some undefined property right to publicallyowned or managed property. These provisions, such as section 1148 (Cumberland River, Kentucky), section 1185 (Table Rock Lake, Arkansas and Missouri), and section 5003 (Tennessee Valley Authority jurisdictional waters), follow a concerning trend that seeks to provide some enforceable interest in public lands and resources for which no right currently exists, or no agreement with or payment to the government is made. Congress should conduct proper oversight of these and any future proposals to grant such a property right to ensure that public resources are properly held in trust for the good of the Nation, and not the benefit of private individuals or interests. In addition, I oppose efforts by the Republican Leadership to undermine worker protections and Buy America requirements for programs and projects authorized by this bill. If enacted, these provisions will undermine the principle of prevailing wage protections for construction jobs, and open the door to using American taxpayer dollars to pass off goods made with Russian and Chinese steel as ‘‘MadeinAmerica’’ . Finally, and most egregiously, I am opposed to the inclusion of the lastminute, nearly 100– page California water poison pill that was developed behind closed doors and with no apparent public debate. It deeply divides the existing California Congressional delegation, regardless of party, and picks winners and losers in a regionagainstregion and industry againstindustry fight for water in California. This provision was dropped on our lap on Monday. It jeopardizes not only our bill, but also Oregon’s fishing industry and thousands of jobs that depend on sustainable fisheries. I cannot support a bill that will jeopardize thousands of jobs and our economic engine on the Oregon coast. Again, I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER  for his work on this bill. I am disappointed that the good work of our Committee has been sullied by the whims of House Republican Leaders, and hope that, in the next Congress, we can restore the strong and lasting commitments made between the majority and minority members of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. For these reasons, I oppose S. 612. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, the WIIN Act. The WIIN Act is a vital water infrastructure bill that contains the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, our jurisdiction includes water resources development missions of the U.S. Corps of Engineers. This bill is a compromise between the Senate and the House and authorizes the construction of key water infrastructure projects throughout the Nation. These projects create jobs here at home and have a direct impact on our economy and our national security. The critically important Corps project authorizations are for the purposes of navigation and flood control, recreation, water supply, environmental protection, and so on. Each of the projects—30 projects that were mentioned by the chairman—was recommended by nonFederal sponsors to the Corps. Each of these are economically justified, environmentally acceptable, and technically achievable. They are the gold standard. My subcommittee held multiple hearings to discuss the chief’s reports and postauthorization change reports in depth, and my subcommittee provided strong congressional oversight of these proposed activities. Many State, local, and regional areas will gain from the economic benefits of this bill. One example is the upper Ohio chief’s report will greatly benefit my home State of Ohio by improving navigation within the existing locks and dams. More importantly, this project provides even greater benefits to the Nation, ensuring commodities reach foreign and domestic markets in a costeffective manner. This bill is fiscally responsible. The new project authorizations are fully offset by deauthorizations of projects that are outdated or no longer viable. This bill contains an important pilot program for the beneficial reuse of dredged materials. This innovative program looks for ways to maximize dredged material based upon environmental, economic, and social benefits. The WIIN Act contains no earmarks, it strengthens our water transportation networks, and it increases transparency for nonFederal sponsors and the public. I strongly urge Members to support this bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ), the ranking member of the subcommittee. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Water Resources Development Act, S. 612. 
I strongly support the bipartisan work done by the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on the Army Corps provisions that create policy and authorize projects around the country for flood damage reduction, ecosystem restoration, water supply, recreation, and navigation. There is something for everyone in this bill. I am particularly appreciative that this bill authorizes the Los Angeles River project, which will rejuvenate the river by improving wildlife habitat and creating recreational opportunities for southern California residents. I thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member DEFAZIO, and Chairman G IBBS for working with me and my staff to include multiple provisions that will improve water supply and local collaboration at the Army Corps facilities. These provisions include: Providing more water supply to local communities by improving on WRDA ’14 provisions and requiring the Corps to capture more water for groundwater replenishment, especially in Long Angeles County; Promoting local and private sector combined efforts to remove sediment from Corps dams and improve water supply, which will benefit all dams, including Santa Fe Dam in my district; Requiring the Corps to work more collaboratively with local communities on sharing water data and improving watershed management, in other words, transparency; and Extending current law on donor port provisions important to the Ports of Los Angeles, Long Beach, and many other ports. I also support the provisions in the bill that include providing assistance for the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, and other areas of the country, which include California, although we should be investing more in our outdated drinking water infrastructure. I disagree with the leadership’s decision to add a California water provision to WRDA at the last minute. This provision should have been addressed as its own legislation and not attached to the traditionally bipartisan WRDA bill that so many Members, including Senator BOXER , have worked so hard on. If I had been consulted on this provision, I would have strongly advocated for more than $50 million for title XVI and $100 million for WaterSmart, as these programs are the most cost effective at addressing our drought crisis. I want to thank the many water agencies and associations, such as the National Association of Flood and Stormwater Management Agencies, the County of Los Angeles Department of Public Works, the Upper San Gabriel Valley Water District, and the Three Valleys Municipal Water District that have worked with my office on this bill throughout the process, and overwhelmingly support WRDA. I greatly respect and recognize that there are Members who disagree on the final passage based on the needs of their own districts and constituents, and I would like to work with them. THEMETROPOLITAN WATER  DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA , December 6, 2016. Re: Support Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) BiPartisan Drought Provision Hon. DIANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEARSENATOR FEINSTEIN : As the nation’s largest provider of drinking water, the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California would like to thank you for your leadership in responding to California’s unprecedented drought. We support the drought provisions that you negotiated with the House, included in H.R. 2533 the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2016, to help us better manage our limited water resources. We also support the broader WRDA package which will provide strategic authorizations and investments to develop, manage and improve essential water infrastructure and operations in the United States. While rains have returned to Northern California, we have little assurance of the water year ahead. Southern California is heading into its sixth year of drought. Were it not for the imported water that Metropolitan brings to the Southland, the groundwater basins and surface reservoirs would be at historic lows. This imported water remains an essential component of Southern California’s water supply portfolio, and we cannot afford to miss out on capturing supplies during the few large storm events that come each year. Your drought provisions will help to maximize pumping while maintaining the protections provided to California’s native species through the Endangered Species Act and the Biological Opinions that currently protect salmon and smelt. These protections are important to Metropolitan to ensure we continue to operate in an environmentally responsible manner. Equally important is the need for investment in new local water supplies to help California adjust to climate conditions that are reducing our snowpack and changing rain patterns. Investments in recycling, desalination, groundwater treatment and conservation that are included in the drought provisions of the legislation are vital to this region. Reforming Title XVI to allow recycled water projects to compete for funding is an important first step. WRDA includes many other important provisions that will benefit California water users including funding for improvements to U.S. rivers and harbors, improved science, conservation initiatives, infrastructure development, ecosystem restoration and sustainability. These programs will improve the nation’s drinking water resources and improve our water resiliency as a nation. Metropolitan appreciates your leadership on national water policy initiatives and your ongoing support and commitment to finding solutions for California’s water supply and water quality concerns. We look forward to continuing to work with you to advance these objectives. Sincerely, JEFFREY KIGHTLINGER , General Manager. 
THREE VALLEYS MWD, December 6, 2016. Re: S. 2533—California Emergency Drought Relief Act—Support Hon. DIANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEARSENATOR FEINSTEIN : I am writing to you on behalf of the Three Valleys Municipal Water District (TVMWD) to express our support for S. 2533—the California Emergency Drought Relief Act. TVMWD is a wholesale water supplier and member agency of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, responsible for providing treated import water supplies to over half a million people covering the Pomona, Walnut and East San Gabriel valleys. Despite improving hydrologic conditions in 2016, many regions in California continued to suffer water supply shortages resulting from several years of prolonged drought and regulations that affect the operations of the State’s major water supply projects. S. 2533 is designed to provide reasonable solutions to address both the shortterm and long term water supply needs for the State. It does this by investing in water storage, conservation, recycling and desalination, along with innovative water infrastructure financing. These provisions align with Proposition 1, which was passed by California voters in 2014, thus enhancing State law with the coordinated activities of the Federal agencies. The bill upholds and protects state water rights and water law and there is an environmental protection mandate repeated throughout the text of the bill. Moreover, S. 2533 makes provision for additional protections of atrisk fish species and provides tools to improve the delta environment. The drought has shown how we must take a holistic look at how we manage the entire ecosystem for the benefit of both native species and water supply reliability. S. 2533 will provide critical resources to assist California in the current drought and invest in longterm water infrastructure to help the state in the future and we are pleased to offer our support. We are requesting that our local representatives support your efforts to pass this important legislation and ask that they make you aware of that support. If you have any questions regarding TVMWD and its position, please do not hesitate to contact me at 909–621–5568. Sincerely, RICHARD HANSEN , P.E., General Manager. 
UPPER SANGABRIEL VALLEY  MUNICIPAL WATER DISTRICT , Hon. GRACE F. N APOLITANO , House of Representatives, Washington DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE NAPOLITANO : Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District (Upper District) supports S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (WIIN), a compromise bill that includes the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2016. We believe this important legislation is vital to California’s water future and is consistent with our state’s policy of managing water resources for the coequal goals of enhancing ecosystem health and improving water supply reliability. S. 612 contains key provisions from the WRDA which will authorize numerous projects in California, including restoration of the Los Angeles River, Lake Tahoe and the Salton Sea. Upper District is pleased to see the bill authorizes $558 million for critical projects, that will help supplement state and local funding to construct new source water projects that will help manage our groundwater basin which has reached historic lows during California’s fiveyear drought. In addition, it will help local water agencies work with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers on stormwater capture projects and groundwater recharge projects, and provides direction to the Corps to engage in environmental infrastructure projects, including water recycling projects. We are also pleased to see reforms made to Title XVI to allow recycled water projects to compete for funding. 
This legislation reflects compromises that will improve water supplies for all Californians and reflects a balanced compromise that will help provide improved water supplies without violating the Endangered Species Act or existing biological opinions that govern pumping operations in the sensitive BayDelta ecosystem. Upper District appreciates your leadership on national water policy initiatives and your ongoing support and commitment to finding solutions for California’s water supply. We strongly support passage of this legislation and respectfully ask for your vote in favor. Sincerely, SHANE CHAPMAN , General Manager. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman on the Appropriations Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the WIIN Act. The bill contains a number of provisions that help improve the water infrastructure across the country. My home State of California continues to suffer from drought conditions and a water system that has failed to keep up with tremendous population growth. Thankfully, this bill contains a number of solutions that will help address California’s water challenges. In my experience, there are few things more difficult than water negotiations, and these negotiations over California water provisions proved to be no different. I am also pleased that this bill includes legislation I introduced to finalize the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Water Rights Settlement. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Senator FEINSTEIN for making today possible, Chairman SHUSTER and his committee for their hard work, Kiel Weaver for his efforts to get California water across the line, and Ian Foley for his tireless work. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to engage the chairman and ranking member in a brief colloquy on behalf of the Connecticut congressional delegation and Long Island Sound. The sound is a treasured and integral source, one that generates $9 billion annually through tourism, recreation, and economic activity, so the importance of dredging activities to our State and the larger region cannot be overstated. Therefore, we seek clarification with the constant intent of section 1189 and the dredging provisions contained in the WIIN Act. I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, if we understand section 1189 correctly, nothing in S. 612 gives any States any new rights by which to impose its own water quality standards on any other State. Rather, section 1189 is simply a restatement of current law under the Clean Water Act. Additionally, we understand that no provision in this bill revises the Army Corps’ Federal standard of dredged material from Federal projects; and as is affirmed through a sense of Congress in section 1188 of this bill, the best way to resolve any disagreements over State water quality standards is collaboratively with input from all stakeholders. Is that a correct reading of the bill? Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. DELAURO. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Yes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. DELAURO. I yield to the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. DEFAZIO. I would say yes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ). Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank the chairman for his hard work on this bill and his bipartisan effort in putting it together. Mr. Speaker, Americans understand intuitively that governments are set up for the benefit of the people. Those who are civicminded, who pay their taxes, live according to the law, and treat their fellow citizens with respect deserve certain guarantees: their government will keep them safe from enemies at home and abroad; their government will defend their most basic constitutional rights; and their government will ensure that people have access to basic necessities fundamental to life. I ask this body, Mr. Speaker, what could be more fundamental to life than water? America is not some Third World country—we are a wealthy nation—and we will not let any American go without water. I am proud we are voting on legislation today to deliver water to the people across the country by updating our water resource projects and changing outdated water policies. But, Mr. Speaker, we cannot treat each community facing a water crisis in isolation. In my State of California, we are enduring the worst drought in over a century. Farmland has been fallowed, families are forced to cut back on water consumption, and some are out of water completely. They have to travel to community centers for drinking water or to even take showers and brush their teeth. With each passing day, month, and year, our situation becomes more desperate. As we all know, the drought is an act of nature. It is one of those troubles that we can respond to and prepare for but not prevent. Yet our own government, the Federal Government, has not only failed to prepare for this drought, they have exacerbated it. Water that could have been used in homes or on farms has been sent out to sea. Water that could have been stored by building new reservoirs was lost. Water, our most precious resource, has been wasted. The drought may be our biggest challenge, but its destructive effects have been compounded by stubborn regulatory and legal restraints. In California, rather than strive to bring people water, the State government is taking it away. This is more than incompetence. Government has failed in its primary duty to make sure people have that which is necessary for life. The people of California have put into the system, and they are not getting what they deserve, are due. But today, and in large part thanks to Members on both sides of the aisle in this Chamber and the senior Senator of our Golden State with their good faith negotiation and partnership, water is coming. We now have a bipartisan water bill. It is not the holistic one that this House wants to pass, but it is a bill that helps deliver water to our communities, potentially enough to supply the annual needs of almost 450,000 households in California. It will increase pumping; it will increase storage; it will fund more desalinization, efficiency, and recycling projects; and it will do all of this in accordance with the Endangered Species Act and without costing the taxpayer one additional cent. Our work to bring California water is by no means complete, but this deal shows that we have a path forward to fulfill our obligation to the American people. Once we pass this bill today, I urge Senate Democrats and Republicans and the President to join with the House and enact this bill and help our communities in California, in Flint, and across this country get access to the water we desperately need. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oregon has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, if this bill did what the previous speaker just said, I would be here to speak in favor of it. Unfortunately, this legislation is a giant leap in the wrong direction with the potential to undo all that our State has worked for. It sends operations mandates from Washington to water managers who have carefully balanced water allocation across users for the past 5 years of this terrible drought. It pits regions against each other. It reignites the water wars, which our State has struggled with for generations. 
b1115 Though the authors have provided authorization for critical water infrastructure, they have prioritized huge water storage projects without enough congressional oversight. The bill also leaves the door open for the Federal funding for our State’s delta tunnels proposal, which is highly controversial in California; and funding for this measure, if it happens at all, would be left to the mercy of the Republicancontrolled spending committees. Funding is not guaranteed for these projects. Most fundamentally, this provision violates the bedrock environmental laws that protect ecosystems not just in California, but nationwide. When lawmakers overrule biological opinions—the determination of scientists about what is best for a species—the sciencebased management ecosystems everywhere are undermined. The consequences could be catastrophic. We have seen it before. In 2002, we ignored science and diverted water out of the Klamath River, killing nearly 80,000 spawning salmon. Communities were devastated and livelihoods were lost. We can’t afford to set a precedent. This is a bad provision of an otherwise good bill, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to support the WIIN Act. We have heard from both sides. It is a bipartisan bill. Nobody likes everything in it, which is typical of legislation in Washington, but it is absolutely critical to this country—to jobs and our economy. In fact, in the district I represent, there are over 76,000 jobs associated with ports and waterways in the area. I would venture to say, however, 100 percent of the population is touched in the products that they buy, in the goods that they produce, and in the raw materials that are shipped. This is a good bill that cuts redtape and gets our port projects going. It is what we need for our economy and it is what we need for America. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank all of the staff who worked so hard on this legislation, particularly the majority and minority staff of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. We would not be here today without the hard work of Ryan Seiger and Mike Brain on my staff and of others on the other side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in solidarity and in championing the cause of the steelworkers of our Nation and of the industrial heartland of Lorain, Ohio, and Gary, Indiana, and Youngstown. Apparently, the Republican majority was not paying attention to the recent election because, in fact, Mr. Trump promised that the Buy American provision and American steel production would be supportive and primary; yet they are proposing to kill the Buy American provision in this bill. I urge the majority not to forget the promises its party made to these proud and strong American workers. I can assure the majority they won’t forget. We also have to stand up to Chinese dumping that has put out of work thousands and thousands and thousands of workers across this country. Given the woes of the American steel industry, encouraging more offshoring is unconscionable. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. I thank the chairman for his work and for the committee’s work on this bill in the way that, in essence, it creates a lighthouse on how we might fund infrastructure projects going forward. There is much talk about the new Trump administration and what will come next on that front, but what will be important is the process in the way that we fund infrastructure. We can have our different takes on what should or shouldn’t happen in California, but if you look at the bill in its totality, it sets in place a process that, I think, is vital. Second, it is important to take things off the Christmas tree, and this bill does that. I praise the chairman for what he has done. He deauthorized $10 billion worth of projects. That is something we do not often see in Washington, D.C., and it is something we need to see more of. Finally, I thank the gentleman for the way that he focused on Charleston. Any time one can count a resource on one hand, it is a natural resource. Indeed, that is the case with the port in Charleston, which I think will go to serve needs, along with a number of other ports on the Gulf and the East Coast, as the Panama Canal has been widened. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for all of their work on this legislation, particularly on the water resources component. Mr. Speaker, you can look at water resource policy across the United States, whether it is building levees or it is restoring the coast. We have one of the most expensive and one of the most delayed processes for implementing infrastructure projects in the Nation. This bill begins to correct that process. It begins to expedite it. It begins to give better local control. It begins to provide people protection. It begins to restore the environment. Just in August of this year, Mr. Speaker, we had one of the worst floods in U.S. history that will result in billions of dollars in flooding. We simply could have spent millions, once again, in preventing the flooding from happening, thus saving lives and saving this country billions of dollars. So I urge the adoption of the bill. I want to quickly say that the West Shore project authorized in here and the environmental banks are critical and are going to result in much protection and efficiency. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate all of the work that has gone into this bill, especially by the staff on both sides of the committee. There were a lot of hours that they put in, and I can’t thank them enough for what they did. Again, I thank my counterpart, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), for his efforts on the bill as well as the ranking member’s and the subcommittee chairman’s. I urge all of my colleagues to support S. 612, or the WIIN Act, so we can improve our ports, our harbors, and can protect this Nation from flooding and natural disasters. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, and I urge my colleagues to join me in that support. As everyone knows, families in Flint, Michigan, have not been able to trust the drinking water coming out of their taps for more than 2 years, and bottled water and filters are only temporary solutions. They want answers, and they want results. The package before us includes legislation that will authorize funding to help improve the health of the people in Flint and in other communities who have had Federal emergencies declared due to there being unsafe levels of lead in their drinking water. Specifically, this package authorizes $100 million in Safe Drinking Water Act capitalization grants to States that respond to a Presidentially declared disaster for health threats posed by their drinking water. This bipartisan package also expresses that $20 million should be approved under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act for eligible projects. It authorizes $20 million for the creation of a Lead Registry and Advisory Committee at the Department of HHS, and it authorizes an additional $15 million in appropriations for the Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Program at the CDC. It also authorizes $15 million for the Healthy Start Initiative at the Department of HHS. This fully offset package will not only serve as the basis for responding to decaying lead service lines across 
the country, but will also directly respond to the tragic toll that has been taken on the minds and bodies of Flint’s youngest victims due to repeated exposures to elevated concentrations of lead in drinking water. We must pass this authorization to ensure the appropriation proposed in the continuing resolution does what we want it to do, not what the EPA might come up with for that funding. As for the other parts of the WIIN Act, they are not perfect, but they represent a bipartisan, bicameral compromise that I expect the President to sign. Under the jurisdiction of the Energy and Commerce Committee, there are several other proposals that address lead and other contaminants in drinking water: WIIN includes the public notification provisions that the House passed this past February with 412 votes. Specifically, it requires public water systems to notify their customers if the utility, on a systemwide basis, is exceeding the Federal lead action level for the concentration of lead in its drinking water. If the water utility and the State fail to make the notice, then the EPA must advise the public. These provisions also call for the creation of a strategic plan between the EPA, the State, and the local water utility for householdspecific notification if the EPA learns about a particular household getting water above the Federal lead action level. This legislation also targets assistance to small and economically disadvantaged communities, particularly those communities with any kind of formal plumbing or inadequate water delivery service. Beyond Flint, WIIN institutes a new program to help communities finance activities to reduce the lead in their treated drinking water. The priority for these grants goes to economically disadvantaged communities that have concentrations of lead in their drinking water that exceed Federal standards. This bill also provides grants to States for voluntary testing programs for lead in school and childcare center drinking water systems. There are other worthy provisions that are contained in this bill that I urge my colleagues to look into, but I want to mention two of them: Buy American iron and steel and State permitting for coal ash. While these provisions have been carried in appropriations bills for years, WIIN inserts a requirement into the Safe Drinking Water Act that iron and steel used in projects financed with Federal money have to be primarily made in the United States. This language sends a strong signal that Congress supports American businesses and workers and will not allow foreign competitors to use our markets as a dumping ground for cheap products. Concerning coal ash, after 6 years of trying, we are close to reaching our goal of enacting legislation to establish permit programs for coal ash. The language in WIIN provides for the establishment of State and EPA permit programs, which will alleviate the issue of the citizen suit enforcement of the EPA’s final rule. Like past House proposals, States may incorporate the EPA final rule for coal combustion residuals or develop other criteria that are at least as protective as the final rule. b1130 States and utilities alike are supportive of the language. I commend our colleague, DAVID MCKINLEY , for his dogged determination on this issue and our Water Resources and Environment Subcommittee Chairman JOHNSHIMKUS for their work on this subject. In summary, Mr. Speaker, this bill is, on balance, better than the status quo, and it is done in a more fiscally responsible way than the version that passed the other body: no direct spending, fully offset, and in line with House rules and protocols. It addresses critical issues facing our Nation in both water infrastructure and drinking water policy. It is worthy of our support, and it will benefit all Americans. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on S. 612. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is far from perfect. It has some very good provisions and others that I oppose. I rise today to highlight the particular sections I worked on to get included in this bill. I have worked across the aisle with my colleagues in the past on similar drinking water issues, and I have been asking my E&C colleagues for a hearing on broader reforms to the Safe Drinking Water Act through this entire session. While we have not been successful in having a hearing, I remain optimistic that my colleagues on the other side will make this a top priority next year. With that said, the bill before us today includes a number of provisions very similar to language authored by myself, by Ranking Member PALLONE , and many of our Democratic colleagues contained within the AQUA Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act Amendments of 2016. We know communities and lowincome homeowners need assistance replacing lead service lines. This bill authorizes a new $300 million grant program to get lead out of our communities. It gives priority to schools, to childcare centers, and other facilities that serve children. The bill also makes it easier for States to administer Federal funds. In addition to these provisions from the AQUA Act, there are a number of other positive things included in this bill. We have heard about the struggles of small and disadvantaged communities. In my district, the mayor of Castleton, Joseph Keegan, testified that his community needs help but simply cannot afford a loan. He suggested allowing grants. This bill includes a significant grant program specifically for that purpose. It also gives more flexibility for tribal governments and encourages innovative technologies. The bill improves public notification requirements when a system violates the Lead and Copper Rule, an issue the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) has fought for to help prevent another tragedy like that in Flint. And it includes an authorization for a program to help schools test for lead. Unfortunately, this bill fails to make sufficient commitments to Buy American. We must include stronger Buy American language in the statutes. Finally, I am disheartened to see such a divisive bit of language on California water issues added at the last minute. It is frustrating to see a good bill, negotiated in good faith, get loaded up with a poison pill at the end. Ultimately, this bill has taken some good first steps to invest in our Nation’s water systems and provide the city of Flint with the assistance it needs and deserves. But much more is needed. Some $384 billion is required over the next 20 years to simply keep up our drinking water systems, and 18 million Americans live in communities that violated the Lead and Copper Rule in 2015. We must, and we can, do better. It is time to get to work. There are many more provisions included in the AQUA Act that I hope this body seriously considers moving forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have witnessed a pattern of attacks against the Endangered Species Act as well as attacks on our industries and communities that rely on the California delta. House Republicans continue to attach environmentally damaging California water riders to every single piece of legislation that is moving on this floor. This time, it is on S. 612, the WIIN Act, also known as the WRDA bill. This highly controversial language was developed behind closed doors, and it jeopardizes the Senate bipartisan bill that Senator BOXER and Senator INHOFE have worked on very hard, but Senator BOXER is now willing to sacrifice all that work to stop this bill. I strongly support the original bill, which includes some very good stuff. I also want to recognize Mr. KILDEE , my colleague who has worked very hard on behalf of his constituents in Flint, Michigan. I support the provisions in this bill that will provide assistance to the drinking water crisis in Flint and other areas of the Nation that need upgraded drinking water infrastructure. But as long as the California so called drought language remains, my State and the Pacific Coast are at risk. 
This California water rider would further degrade the California delta. It weakens protections for California fisheries; threatens thousands of fishing industry jobs, as we have heard, even up to the coast of Oregon; increases saltwater intrusion; and it picks winners and losers in my State. This provision will provide freedom to export water above and beyond what the ESA currently allows. This will cause further saltwater intrusion into the delta. You know, farmers do not benefit when saltwater contaminates our water supplies. If we truly believe in sound science, we should not override science with local interests that do not represent the entire State. The administration and its agencies have serious concerns with this language. This rider will not create a path forward for effective operations but, instead, will create a firestorm of litigation. Environmental organizations, the fishing industry, the fisheries believe this language will devastate our way of life on the Pacific Coast. I, along with California, Oregon, and Washington Members, have urged the House and Senate leadership to reject similar riders in the past. I have had an opportunity to submit amendments to strip these riders in the past, but we do not have that opportunity today. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. MCNERNEY. Republicans should not hold funding for water infrastructure projects hostage. Instead of pitting communities against each other, we need to support conservation, storm water capture, and innovative recycling programs. We need real drought solutions that will actually improve water supply. This is not a compromise. It sets a precedent for the next administration to further unravel environmental protections. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Indiana has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). Mr. CRAMER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the WIIN Act includes two provisions very important to constituents of mine in North Dakota that involve Bureau of Land Management properties; and because of the House rules, I was unable to put these provisions in the House WRDA Act. However, Senator HOEVEN was able to get them into the Senate bill; and, with the strong support of committee leadership and staff, we were able to work it out and get them in the final bill. One provision concludes an issue that has been going on for years that involves the continued use of trailer homes around Lake Tschida, or the Heart Butte Reservoir. The requirements set in this provision will increase safety while supporting existing investments and continued recreation around the lake. The other deals with a more recent issue that has arisen lately of looming fee increases at cabins and trailers at three North Dakota BLM reservoirs: the Heart Butte, Dickinson, and Jamestown. Because market rent surveys weren’t completed for many years, and then the recent increases in North Dakota property values, surveys completed last year concluded that the fees would have to be increased 91 to 232 percent overnight. Obviously, my constituents would be hit too hard by that, so this bill helps correct that and brings a smoother transition. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New York (Mr. TONKO ) for yielding and for his work advocating on behalf of the people of my hometown, Flint. I also want to thank colleagues on both sides of the aisle: Leader PELOSI ; our whip, Mr. HOYER ; the Speaker who committed to help make sure that we get this Flint provision through; as well as other colleagues who have stood with me as I have fought now for a year and a half for the people of my hometown. Flint is a city of 100,000 people who still can’t drink their water. This is not a question of access to water. The water flowing through the pipes in Flint has poisoned that city: 100,000 people, 9,000 children under the age of 6 affected permanently by high levels of lead being delivered to them through their municipal water system, caused by careless, thoughtless decisions based on an obsession with austerity by the State government. And then they were told the water was safe to drink, when that same State government knew it was not. Look, we know where we stand. No bill is perfect. This bill is far from perfect. Many of the provisions included in this legislation I disagree with. But I have been fighting for my hometown and have been told to wait and wait and wait, and the people of my community can wait no longer. Drinking water is a basic human right, and that should be a human right exercised by the people everywhere, including the people of my hometown of Flint. Every day that passes, every week that passes, every month that passes that Flint does not get the relief they so deserve is a day we don’t get back. More people leave. More businesses fail. The city gets more poor and poor and poor and incapable of moving forward. That has to stop, and it has to stop right now. It has to stop before this Congress adjourns. We can’t count on the next Congress to get this done. Time matters. This bill would provide relief to my hometown. It would put it on a path, and it would send a signal that it is okay to invest in Flint. It is okay to stay. The water will be fine. That is a responsibility we have. This is a moral obligation that we have. It also makes sure that there is no more Flints, by including in this legislation the KildeeUpton bill that passed this House nearly unanimously. It is long past time for us to act. I ask you to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE). Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the WIIN Act, which includes one of my top priorities in Congress, the Blackfeet Water Compact. I cannot stress how important this compact is to the Blackfeet Nation, a nation of warriors; the State of Montana; and our great Nation, the United States. Not only has the compact receive the necessary and long signoff that involved Federal agencies, the House Natural Resources Committee, and House leadership, it is a net benefit to the American taxpayer. I want to commend the Blackfeet warriors for all their hard work, especially Chairman Harry Barnes for his guidance and leadership, and also Chairman BISHOP for his leadership. I urge my colleagues in the House and Senate to put politics aside and pass this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce who is doing a great job leading us in the House. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the WIIN Act in its current form. The decision by Republican leadership to include damaging legislation on California water in an otherwise good, bipartisan bill is deeply disappointing. Members and staff have devoted months to the underlying package, including long overdue aid for the people of Flint. But I cannot support the California water poison pill, and I know that many of my colleagues in the Senate are in the same position. I want to thank Leader PELOSI and Whip HOYER for working tirelessly over the last few months to develop this package and over the last few days to save it. I hope this is not the end of the story. We have tried for years on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. Speaker, to get our Republican colleagues to work with us to strengthen the Safe Drinking Water Act and provide more money for infrastructure, but they have refused. So I welcomed the Senate’s bipartisan passage of an 
expanded WRDA that included some valuable changes to the Safe Drinking Water Act and significant new authorizations for infrastructure, and I was pleasantly surprised that House Republicans agreed to some of the changes and authorizations in that bill. However, the drinking water provisions in this bill fall short of what was included in the Senate WRDA bill; most notably, Republicans refuse to support a permanent requirement that projects funded through the SRF use American iron and steel. That requirement should not be controversial. It has been enacted through the appropriations process for years and has clear benefits for American workers and the American economy. b1145 House Democrats have proposed significant changes to the Safe Drinking Water Act that go far beyond this bill, including changes needed to address dangerous drinking water contaminants and the risks to drinking water from climate change. Ignoring these challenges won’t make them go away. House Republicans need to face these challenges in the coming months and not undermine our efforts with poison pills. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in support of S. 612, the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, and I would urge every one of my colleagues to join me in that support. As everybody knows, families in Flint, Michigan, have not been able to trust the drinking water coming out of their taps for more than 2 years. Bottled water and filters are only temporary solutions. In August, I traveled to Flint with my friend and colleague DANKILDEE from Michigan. We visited health facilities and homes, and we heard firsthand from hundreds of residents. No matter where we went, we heard the same voices. Folks in Flint are tired of the partisan blame game. They really are. They wanted answers and they wanted results, and that is what this bill does. That is why we worked so hard to have language included in this bipartisan legislation that will authorize funding to help improve the health of the folks in Flint and other communities who have had Federal emergencies declared due to the unsafe levels of lead in their drinking water. Our package authorizes $100 million in Safe Drinking Water Act capitalization grants to States responding to a Presidentially declared disaster for health threats associated with the presence of lead or other drinking water contaminants in a public water system. This bipartisan package also expresses that $20 million should be approved under the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act for eligible projects. It authorizes $20 million for the creation of a lead registry and advisory committee at the Department of HHS and authorizes an additional $15 million appropriation for the Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Act at CDC. It authorizes $15 million for the Healthy Start Initiative at the Department of HHS. It also authorizes 30 new Army Corps of Engineers projects across the country, including critical harbor maintenance provisions that are vitally important in the Great Lakes. This fully offset package will not only serve as the basis for responding to decaying lead service lines across the country, but also responds to the tragic toll that has been taken on the minds and bodies of Flint’s youngest victims and similar communities due to repeated exposures to elevated concentrations of lead in drinking water. Simply put, Flint needs action. This bipartisan legislation delivers that. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, which will provide critical resources to address the needs of our waterway infrastructure directly affecting communities’ economy and safety. Communities I represent have suffered from chronic flooding, and I am proud to have worked with municipal leaders in Cranford, Kenilworth, Maplewood, Millburn, Rahway, Springfield, and Union, New Jersey, to include authorization language in this legislation that will complete the Rahway River Basin Flood Risk Management Feasibility Study. For years, these New Jersey communities have pursued this project based on its great merits that will protect life and property. I have toured these communities and seen firsthand how the solution must come from collaboration between local leaders, State entities, and the Federal Government, including the Army Corps of Engineers. This legislation gives the Army Corps the directive to get it done. This is how Congress should work, heeding the call of our constituents and building bipartisan consensus to make sure that this legislation passes. I congratulate all those responsible. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of S. 612. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. One of the things we have to realize is we have had communities that have been suffering for a long time. Our job is to help people. We should be ashamed that it has taken us so long to try and move to a solution in these particular issues. What we have before us here is not a total solution, but it is a very, very good first step, and not just for the arid West. There are 17 Western States that will be assisted by this bill, but 29 States as well as Indian Country are going to be helped, especially as they try to repair their aging dams and their irrigation canals. We are finalizing Native American water rights settlements in California, Oklahoma, and Montana; doing land exchanges; helping with forestry management in the Nevada area; giving flexibility for Californians under the principle that, if it is going to rain, capture the water before it is lost to the ocean; having alternative endwater development programs like desalinization. All of these are done without undermining the Endangered Species Act. I say that not as a virtue of the bill, but simply as a fact. This bill in which we find some compromise between the Senate and the House, between Republicans and Democrats, is a final way of us being able to actually move forward. Let’s make sure that we take ‘‘yes’’ as an answer. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. WRDA has always been a bipartisan piece of legislation. I have always voted for WRDA. I voted for this WRDA earlier in this Congress before a 90page poison pill, California water provision, was dropped in at the very last minute. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, I must rise today in opposition to this WRDA in its current form. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on it and force a vote on a clean WRDA so that we can have the many projects, the many benefits, the aid to the people of Flint, Michigan, that they so richly deserve and have waited far too long to receive. We are here, Mr. Speaker, because, unfortunately, the House Republicans have a problem with regular order. It is something that they have talked a lot about. We have heard many promises about an open legislative process, and yet here they come again with the latest attempt to jam through dangerous California water provisions that were crafted behind closed doors, without public review or scrutiny, and they are being thrown on the House floor literally in the final hours of this Congress. Let’s not forget that this same last minute, closeddoor maneuver, the same water grab, nearly torpedoed last year’s mustpass spending bill. By insisting on this parochial poison pill, majority leadership is apparently willing to risk tanking the WRDA bill no matter the damage to the families of Flint who have been waiting far too long, no matter the harm to fishing communities across the West, no matter how many jobs that would be created by WRDA might have to wait until the McCarthy rider is dealt with. This power play feels a lot like deja vu. Today, yet again, we are debating a 
California water measure that hasn’t gone through the committee of jurisdiction or received signoff from the affected tribal interests, the fishing industry, or State and Federal water agencies. While this Congress was never given the opportunity to receive expert testimony on these provisions, we do know that the Obama administration just this week announced its strong opposition to the California water provisions that have been added to this bill. Senator BOXER , one of the primary authors of the WRDA bill before it was hijacked with this rider, has also called these provisions a lastminute poison pill, and she has vowed to do everything in her power to block this bill in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, we have heard significant opposition to this rider from other stakeholders who have warned this Congress that thousands of fishing industry jobs across the Pacific Coast will be threatened if this bill is enacted. But I do have to hand it to my colleagues across the aisle about one thing: they are relentless. This rider is simply the latest of many attempts to pick winners and losers during California’s historic drought. If it is enacted, the winners in this effort will certainly be some of the most powerful, politically active corporate farmers in the world. Consider one group of water stakeholders, one group of contractors in one specific region. Now, this bill may call itself a drought solution, and we may talk about many different parts of it, but tucked into the details is a congressionally directed 100 percent water allocation for one group of water contractors. That is one heck of a drought solution if you have got the political juice to get it into a bill like this. Fishery protections, meanwhile, will be gutted in order to redistribute water supplies, primarily to large industrial farms in the Central Valley. Let’s talk about the losers in this effort. It is going to be pretty much everyone else. The California water rider will weaken fisheries protections that support thousands of jobs in numerous industries, including commercial and recreational fishing, fish processing, restaurants, docks and harbors, boating, equipment supply, and tourism. Pretty much everyone across the Pacific Coast who depends on healthy fisheries for their livelihoods will be hurt if this poison pill is enacted. Thousands of fishermen and their families are already hanging on by a thread right now. Because of this drought, fishery managers have severely restricted the commercial fishing season off the West Coast because of high salmon mortality in California. Last year we had a 97 percent mortality rate for juvenile Sacramento River winterrun salmon. The year before that it was a 95 percent mortality. These are tough times for fishermen around the West. They are struggling to pay their mortgages. We have heard about boats being scrapped because the owners can’t pay mooring fees; homes are being repossessed; restaurants, hotels, and other retail and service businesses are struggling just to scrape by. The human impact during this drought has been devastating on the many smallbusiness owners and thousands of working people across California, Washington, and Oregon who depend on healthy fisheries. This is the worst time to weaken the thin line of protections for these fragile salmon fisheries. Yet instead of increasing protections, as all the evidence tells us we need to do, this bill takes us in the opposite direction. Now, the State of California has called for Federal drought legislation that does not favor one region or one sector of the State over another. This rider unquestionably fails that test. Mr. Speaker, this Congress can do real things to solve California’s water problems without pitting parts of the State against each other. I hope one day my House Republican colleagues will give up on the idea of jamming through dangerous, divisive measures that pit fishermen against farmers, that override the interests of the tribal community and numerous others who are suffering through California’s historic drought. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), one of the leaders in this particular effort. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I first want to start off with a big thankyou to Chairman BISHOP for all his hard work these past 4 years—it has been with his leadership and his support that we have been able to get to this point—Chairman SHUSTER as well, and, obviously, from California, Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY has been a big supporter. This piece of legislation is a small step in the right direction. In no way, shape, or form are we celebrating as if we have reached the finish line. What this does is it helps us give a little more flexibility so we can help those poor people in my communities, and others south of me and even just a little bit north of me, who need this help desperately. I have got people in my communities living in shantytowns, people who have lost their jobs, schools struggling, infrastructure struggling, law enforcement on the verge of bankruptcy. I have got police chiefs resigning now because there are just not enough resources in these communities, all because of bad legislation that was passed. We have had 20 years of restrictions on water. It has not helped one single species. The species are on the verge of extinction, and these policies have been place. Why not try something different? Why not try some common sense? This legislation delivers that. It does not affect the Endangered Species Act. It does not affect the biological opinions. All the protections are still there. It just offers a little more flexibility to our agencies so we can help these communities that desperately need it. If you care about the people of California, you will look at the big picture, you will pay attention, and you might actually even take some time and read the actual legislation. There are no handouts. This is something that actually provides jobs with new dollars for infrastructure, with new dollars for recycling and other resources that are very important, even things that I know my friends across the aisle are supportive of, things like desalinization. I think this legislation makes a lot of sense. I would love to see some more support. I am thankful for all the support I do have across the aisle, but I am hopeful for more. I look forward to this. b1200 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, my region has much of the delta; I would say most of it. I am very concerned about saltwater intrusion with these new provisions. Saltwater is not something that you can drink. You can’t do much with it. It is a problem. It is easy to sympathize—and I do— with the farmers and communities south of the delta, but we shouldn’t just pass the problem from one region to another. We don’t need to do this. We can develop recycling. Israel recycles 90 percent of their water. California recycles 15 percent. We can capture urban and suburban storm water. We can stop water leakage. We can reduce evaporative losses. We can start groundwater banking. We can create regional selfsufficiency, which will reduce reliance on the delta water and solve all these problems. Instead, we continue to do things the old way. A region that needs water says: Well, they’ve got water over there. We are going to get it. We are going to use our politics, our money, and we are going to get that water. Who cares what they think. Who cares what happens to them. By the way, adding flexibility to the operations of the ESA is weakening the ESA. So let’s find real solutions for everyone. Please oppose this bill. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill for Flint, Michigan. It is a good bill for WRDA projects across the country. It is a good bill for California. Everybody knows that we have experienced over 5 years of drought conditions, the driest in 1,200 years. 
I reject the notion that somehow there is a poison pill. This is a bipartisan effort that Senator FEINSTEIN , House Republicans, myself, and other Members from California have worked on for 2 years. As a matter of fact, some of the opponents of this legislation have provisions in this measure that they supported and advocated Senator FEINSTEIN insert. The Obama administration drafted environmental protections, and one of the red lines was that it would not modify or amend the Endangered Species Act, nor would it change the biological opinions. Those are simply falsehoods. Falsehoods. This bill authorizes $580 million to offset for storage, recycling, and reuse and desalinization. That is very important. That is part of what the last speaker just talked about: recycling and reuse and water conservation. It also provides programs to benefit fish and wildlife. It also works within the framework of the existing biological opinions. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DOLD). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I reject the notion that these are poison pills. People in my district and in their homes and my colleagues have been without water, in some cases, for 2 years. This is not like a Third World country. This is the richest country in the world, but farm communities, farmers, and farmworkers are suffering. This legislation would place a step in the right direction to provide people support to correct this broken water system that we have in California. I urge the support of this legislation not only for the people of California, but for Flint, Michigan, and the entire country. This is a bipartisan process and this legislation reflects that fact. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there is a reason that every environmental group that is engaged on this and the Obama administration are opposing this language. It is not harmless. It is not perfectly fine with the ESA. It is a congressional override of the scientific, peerreviewed biological opinions that does grave harm to the ESA and sets a terrible precedent. But there are other problems with the bill, as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), my colleague and ranking member of the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I regret that, once again, we are here today to discuss a divisive, lastminute attempt by House Republicans to jam through destructive legislation that favors House Republicans’ special interests, industry friends at the expense of everybody else. This week, I and nearly every one else saw for the first time a newly inserted 100page rider that would weaken protections for West Coast fisheries, primarily to redirect water to large corporate farms in one section of California. This rider threatens the jobs of thousands of fishermen and others across the West Coast who depend on healthy fish runs for their livelihoods. My colleagues and I will be voting today, soon, on a 100page proposal that has not been reviewed by the numerous affected stakeholders, the committees of jurisdiction, nearly every Member of Congress, or the general public. This rider fundamentally threatens the original WRDA bill that had bipartisan support in the House and bicameral support as well. What makes things worse is this poison pill rider now jeopardizes the approval of several pending Indian water rights settlements that are included in the original WRDA bill. The tribes whose water settlements are now jeopardized by this poison pill have been waiting, in many cases, to settle their claims for decades and even more. Just one of the water settlements jeopardized by the House Republicans’ latest stunt is for the Blackfeet Nation. The Blackfeet Nation, as mentioned by another colleague, has been trying for more than a century to protect and secure its water rights. Finally, we have a water settlement for the Blackfeet Nation that, once approved by Congress, would provide funding to conduct and rehabilitate Blackfeet Nation’s water infrastructure so tribal residents can finally have reliable and safe drinking water. Currently, at least 30 percent of reservation residents live in housing that lacks adequate plumbing or kitchen facilities. For the richest country in the world, it is an embarrassment that our Native American brothers and sisters continue to live in those conditions. This Republican House has not funded an Indian water rights settlement in nearly 6 years. After years of work, we are as close as we have ever been to enacting a settlement since Democrats controlled the House. Yet, my House Republican colleagues have decided this week that doing a favor for their special interest allies is worth the risk of jeopardizing the approval of every Indian water rights settlement that is part of the original legislation. This behavior is wrong and shows that this congressional majority considers the needs of Indian country less important than pushing a sweetheart deal for some of the most powerful corporate farmers in the world. It is time for this Congress to finally pay attention, take the needs of Indian country seriously, and bring us a clean WRDA bill that has bipartisan, bicameral support so that we can take action, protect those Indian water rights, and deal with the very important question of Flint. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ), another member of the California delegation who has been working tirelessly on this issue. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman greatly for this opportunity, and all who have had a role in this; Chairman SHUSTER as well. This is a bipartisan effort. It truly is a bipartisan effort. I thank Senator FEINSTEIN for coming forward and being a strong voice on this as well. So it is a bipartisan, bicameral effort. These longterm negotiations didn’t happen just overnight. Indeed, since it is water in California, most of this takes many years. These provisions will modernize California’s water supply system in the short term and invest in new infrastructure to secure the State’s economic future—a very critical one. This agreement improves water supply for all Californians. More supply helps everyone, north and south, and uses the latest science to provide more water without harming wildlife in any way. It does not harm wildlife. From a northern California perspective, this agreement achieves several major goals, including ironclad protections of northern California water rights, improving water supply reliability, and authorizes construction, finally, of Sites Reservoir, a key project that has been talked about for years that will help California’s future supply needs. While this bill is a significant step in the right direction, it is not the beall and endall. It is not the comprehensive solution. It is a compromise. No one gets everything they want. Any honest observer will recognize that this agreement provides more water and does so without altering the Endangered Species Act or other environmental requires. It deserves your sport. Those that are opposed to it seem to be just on the fringe, far edge of the environmental movement. Let’s get this done. I enjoy the fact that we have all come together, by and large, for a strong bipartisan effort. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), who is one of our subcommittee chairmen on the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, like any compromise, I don’t like everything in this bill, but the net effect is an important step forward in protecting California and its environment against devastating droughts, and it protects Lake Tahoe against catastrophic wildfires. My colleague from California says the California provisions are a sudden surprise to him in this water development bill. Well, he needs to pay more attention to the business on the floor. These provisions have all been in water development bills passed by bipartisan majorities from this House over the past 6 years. If he were truly concerned about the salmon, he should be supporting this 
bill. This bill encourages the fish hatcheries to produce burgeoning and abundant populations of salmon. It finally controls the nonnative predators in the delta that are, by far, the biggest single threat to salmon and smelt and other endangered species. The reservoirs are our most important defense against drought, ensuring yearround water flows. Without reservoirs, in a drought, the water heats to lethal temperatures and often dries up. There are no fish. In addition, this bill provides $335 million to increase our desperately needed reservoirs. It adds flexibility to management of the New Melones Reservoir. It streamlines water transfers to assure water can be more efficiently moved to where it is most needed. It adds strong protection to the northern California area of origin water rights, expedites approval of projects, and updates flood control criteria to make better use of our existing reservoirs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. One more point on our fragile environment. This bill addresses the single greatest catastrophic threat to Lake Tahoe—catastrophic wildfire—by expediting the reduction of dangerous fuel loads. Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me say in conclusion that we have been talking about this issue for the last 5 years. We have had four bills that have been brought forth on this issue. We passed this one this year as well. One would assume by a lot of the discussion you just heard that this is only a California issue. It is not. These provisions affect the entire West and entire Nation; 29 States. It affects my State, and I am not from California. It is important. It is based on the simple, commonsense idea that when it rains, store the water before you lose it to the ocean. That is there. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from Ducks Unlimited supporting this bill. I think they are going to be happy to know that I guess they are not an environmental group anymore. 
DUCKS UNLIMITED , December 6, 2016. President BARACK OBAMA , The White House, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. PRESIDENT : Ducks Unlimited (DU) is supportive of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation (WIEN) Act. On behalf of our more than one million members and supporters nationwide, DU has worked closely with Senator Feinstein over the past two years to ensure that water and water rights critical to California’s wildlife refuges were not diminished in California Drought Legislation. We believe the drought provisions now included in the WIIN Act safeguard existing water rights and take important steps toward improving the distribution of water to wildlife refuges in the Central Valley. Water supply development takes a great toll on wetlands and any new water supply legislation must not further exacerbate this trend. The Central Valley Project Improvement Act (CVPIA) was a critical step toward mitigating the environmental damage caused by decades of largescale water development in California. A sustainable water future requires diligent preservation of that mitigation program, plus new innovations in water supply resilience. Specifically, the bill protects water supplies for Central Valley Project (CVP) wildlife refuges by including refuge contractors in its water right provisions, and by expressly protecting the Department of Interior’s obligations under the CVPIA. It authorizes an additional $10 million in funding over five years to improve refuge water conveyance infrastructure. Implementation of this bill would likely increase the reliability of refuge water supplies delivered by the Department of Interior through the SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta. It also authorizes funding for water storage projects that provide federal benefits, including wildlife refuge benefits. California annually hosts one of the greatest concentrations of migratory waterfowl in North America, serving as the wintering home to millions of waterfowl, shorebirds and other wetlanddependent species. The majority of migratory birds that frequent Alaska, Washington and Oregon spend their winters in California, especially on winter flooded rice fields. Rice agriculture in California plays a crucial role in fulfilling the annual life cycle needs of numerous Pacific Flyway birds. These migratory visitors provide countless hours of enjoyment to hunters and birdwatchers throughout the Pacific Flyway. As a result, migratory waterfowl are also an important economic driver across the region, especially in California. Sportsmen, including waterfowlers, contribute $3.5 billion annually to California’s economy. The birds of the Pacific Flyway are a shared resource, requiring the stewardship of not only California, but of all Western states, as well as Canada and Mexico, as they migrate thousands of miles between their breeding grounds and winter homes. Please feel free to contact me with any questions regarding our assessment of the California Drought provisions in the WIIN Act and their importance to California’s wildlife refuges and the millions of birds in the Pacific Flyway that visit these wetland habitats each year. Sincerely, H. DALEHALL, Chief Executive Officer, Ducks Unlimited. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I also would like to realize that there are Native American water rights that have been included in this bill in Montana, in Oklahoma, and in California, to the point that the National Congress of American Indians has also endorsed this bill, which I include in the RECORD . DECEMBER 7, 2016. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. HARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Re Support for S. 612—the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , SPEAKER RYAN, MINORITY LEADER REID, AND MINORITY LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI), the United South and Eastern Tribes (USET) Sovereignty Protection Fund, and the Inter Tribal Association of Arizona (ITAA), we write to urge this Congress to pass S. 612—the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (WIIN Act). The WIIN Act contains many provisions that will benefit Indian Country’s water infrastructure, provide access to clean drinking water and improvements to waste water systems, settle several Tribal water rights claims, and provide parity for Tribal Nations in water resources development projects. First, S. 612 enhances the ability of Tribal Nations to address water infrastructure projects that benefit their citizens. Tide I of the Act amends Section 1156 of the Water Resources Development Act making Tribes eligible for the cost sharing waiver for water resources development projects, and extends this waiver to Tribes for assistance with water planning. Tribes can also request feasibility studies on water resources development projects and enter into partnerships and cooperative agreements with the Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) regarding water resources data. Further, Alaska Native Villages, Regional Corporations, and Village Corporations will be able to enter into agreements to construct water projects. With the recent national focus on tribal concerns regarding the infrastructure permitting process at the Corps, the WIIN Act allows for a full review of the Corps’ procedures. The bill requires the Corps to conduct tribal consultations and issue a report to Congress within 1 year on how its existing policies, regulations, and guidance related to tribal consultation on water resources development projects, or activities requiring the issuance of a permit, many have an impact on tribal cultural or natural resources. Title I also repatriates the remains of the Ancient One (Kennewick Man) back to the Tribes who have claimed him so he can be respectfully treated and properly buried pursuant to traditional practices. The Ancient One’s repatriation is a longstanding request from Indian Country and will put an end to the disrespectful treatment of his ancestral remains and allow for healing to begin. Further, several sections of Title II of S. 612 allow Tribal Nations to build technical capacity and selfsufficiency in administering water programs and projects. The legislation amends the Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) to ensure the availability of funding for Tribal water and waste water operator training and certification programs for Tribal organizations and Tribal consortia, which already have provided over 2,500 certifications to personnel employed by approximately 115 Tribal Nations. It also creates a new section in SDWA to provide assistance to small and disadvantaged communities to prioritize projects in consultation with Tribes, States, and local governments. Additionally, S. 612 recognizes the outstanding maintenance and repair needs for 
existing water infrastructure projects in Indian Country. Title III contains a provision on Indian dams, based on S. 2717—the DRIFT Act, which addresses the deferred maintenance needs of Bureau of Indian Affairs dams, reforms the Corps’ Tribal Partnership Program to pay for feasibility studies for flood mitigation and prevention in Indian Country, and creates a Tribal Safety of Dams Committee. This Title also provides for the much needed repair, replacement, and maintenance of back logged Indian irrigation programs in the west by creating an Indian Irrigation Fund at the Bureau of Reclamation based on S. 438—the IRRIGATE Act. The WIIN Act will also finalize water rights settlements for the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians, Blackfeet Nation, the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma and the Chickasaw Nation, and amendment to the San Luis Rey Band of Mission Indians’ water settlement. Moreover, it takes land into trust for the Tuolumne Band of MeWuk Indians, Tule River Indian Tribe, and exchanges land for the Morongo Band of Mission Indians. Finally, S. 612 contains a mechanism for the Environmental Protection Agency to reimburse costs incurred by Tribes, States, and local governments after the Gold King Mine spill in August of 2015. While these are just selected highlights from the legislation, the WIIN Act takes great steps towards improving water infrastructure programs and development in Indian Country. NCAI, USET Sovereignty Protection Fund, and ITAA strongly urge you to consider and pass S. 612 in the last legislative days of the 114th Congress to resolve many important waterrelated concerns of Tribal Nations. If you have any questions, please contact Colby Duren, NCAI Staff Attorney & Legislative Counsel. Sincerely, BRIAN CLADOOSBY , President, National Congress of American Indians. KIRKFRANCIS , President, United South and Eastern Tribes Sovereignty Protection Fund. SHANLEWIS, President, Inter Tribal Association of Arizona, ViceChairman, Fort Mojave Indian Tribe. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, these things are important, but the goal right here is to realize we are not after fearmongering. We are after ways we can actually help people. That is the goal. Help our communities. That has to take place. I am appreciative that the senior Senator from California, DIANNE FEINSTEIN , a Democrat, as well as the majority leader in the House, Mr. MCCARTHY, a Republican, have all agreed on this package. We are the States where all of a sudden, in a bipartisan and bicameral way, we have found a solution to move us forward. That is why I am saying, when the answer is yes, let’s take yes. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this provision, vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. It moves us forward. It is not a solution that is perfect, but it moves us forward in a way we haven’t been able to do in the last decade. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 612, that reauthorizes the Water Resource Development Act. WRDA is once again a bipartisan bill with broad support. This bill protects and develops our communities and our waterways. As one of many members who represent a major port, I know firsthand that ports are enormous economic engines for growth. The Port of Houston has allowed Houston and Harris County to be the energy capital of the world. The jobs and economic growth, including refining and manufacturing, associated with the Port are a driver for the entire region. This WRDA bill provides essential federal support for the Houston Ship Channel dredging to 50 feet which will allow for larger, deeper draft ships that will increase trade at America’s second busiest port. The bill also modernizes how partners can work with the Army Corps of Engineers to develop projects for local and national benefit as we move forward. Additionally, flood control projects in this bill preserve our communities that are facing increased hazards from record rainfall and rising sea levels. The support for the Brays Bayou project will help shield areas that have been devastated by deadly flooding earlier this year. I am proud to support a bipartisan bill that both supports our economic development and protects our vulnerable communities. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 612, the ‘‘Water Infrastructure Improvement Act,’’ as amended, which authorizes variety of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers water resources development projects, feasibility studies, and relationships with nonfederal project sponsors. I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for their work in shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to addressing the needs of America’s harbors, locks, dams, flood protection, and other water resources infrastructure critical to the nation’s health, economic competitiveness and growth. I am pleased that the bill before us provides authorization for several water projects critical to my State of Texas: 1. Brazos River, Fort Bend County, Texas.—Project for flood damage reduction in the vicinity of the Brazos River, Fort Bend County, Texas. 2. Chacon Creek, City of Laredo, Texas.— Project for flood damage reduction, ecosystem restoration, and recreation, Chacon Creek, city of Laredo, Texas. 3. Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Texas.— Project for navigation, Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Texas. 4. City of El Paso, Texas.—Project for flood damage reduction, city of El Paso, Texas. 5. Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, Brazoria and Matagorda Counties, Texas.—Project for navigation and hurricane and storm damage reduction, Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, Brazoria and Matagorda Counties, Texas. 6. Port of Bay City, Texas.—Project for navigation, Port of Bay City, Texas. Additionally, the bill includes changes to the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Solid Waste Disposal Act to help communities, particularly economically distressed ones, pursue better quality drinking water and obtain certainty for protecting a community’s economic, environmental, and public health wellbeing in the following ways: 1. Empowers small and economically disadvantaged communities to improve their drinking water services; 2. Equips communities with programs and activities to reduce concentrations of lead in drinking water, including the replacement of lead service lines; 3. Empowers states and provides flexibility to incorporate underserved communities that have inadequate drinking water systems, and aids smaller, lowerincome communities, tribes, and states in water quality testing and general compliance with Safe Drinking Water Act requirements; 4. Benefits communities by requiring public water systems to notify customers if the utility is exceeding federal drinking water lead action levels, similar to H.R. 4470 which passed the House 416–2; 5. Creates a voluntary program for testing for lead in school and childcare center drinking water; 6. Promotes transparency and accountability by creating a clearinghouse of public information on the costeffectiveness of alternative drinking water delivery systems, including systems that are supported by wells; and 7. Authorizes research on innovative water technologies, including those that identify and mitigate sources of drinking water contamination and improve compliance with the Safe Drinking Water Act. Mr. Speaker, I am also very pleased that the bill before us addresses the need of funding that Flint, Michigan has been experiencing, authorizing $170,000,000 to be used to repair or replace private infrastructure in communities that the President has declared to be in an emergency. For the past two years, Flint, Michigan has lived in a state of fear, having to drink from bottles of filtered water in order to completely avoid lead poisoning and contamination. Citizens of Flint, Michigan had to abandon their homes and the residents had to be compensated for their property as well as be provided for regarding current and future health conditions that arise from the contamination by polluted water. Wired Magazine estimated that most of the corroded pipes in Flint—20,000 to 25,000 in total—are one inch in diameter, and connect homes to the larger, main pipes running under the middles of streets. The project of replacing all lead pipes will need a citywide lead pipe map. The water pipes are buried at a depth of 3.5 feet to put them below the frost line, and will need to be extracted. The Michigan’s state report produced in September 2015 on replacing all lead pipes in the city of Flint places the perhousehold cost at between $2–8,000. The report estimates that it would take fifteen year to completely replace lead pipes at an estimated cost of $ 60 million. Flint Mayor Karen Weaver announced that her goal would be to replace 13,000 lead pipes at a cost of $2–3,000 for each pipe for a total of about $42 million. No one knows the reality of undertaking a massive effort such as what will be needed, so the cost could easily be much higher than estimates. Flint cannot be another Katrina where the poor, people of color and marginalized are shutout of jobs as well as the political and decision making processes regarding their homes, neighborhoods or city. Replacing the lead pipes of Flint, must include the cost of repairing homes that will be 
damaged to access the pipes; repaving driveways, or resodding lawns that are dug up to get to pipes, and restoring sidewalks that are damaged to access pipe. These costs can easily put another $40–50 million in addition cost to lead pipe replacement. Further, the current and long term health effects on residents must be addressed. These massive costs that Flint will incur cannot be placed on the shoulders of Michigan alone. We will continue to work to help the people of Flint, Michigan in order to restore them to health and bring them out of this crisis. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. b1215 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. I am opposed to it in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this motion to recommit in order to significantly improve this bill by restoring the bipartisan Buy American language that was inextricably stripped over the last 3 days. The WIIN Act provides important funding for ports, harbors, and waterways around the country. I think infrastructure issues like this bill should be something we can all agree on. In fact, they have been historically bipartisan. Then again, I also think that support for hardworking Americans should also be bipartisan. I was disappointed that my bipartisan amendment, offered by myself and my good friend from North Carolina, Representative WALTER  JONES , was rejected yesterday at the Rules Committee by a partyline vote. Our amendment would have made the Buy American provisions for EPA’s Drinking Water State Revolving Fund permanent, matching all other clean water programs and all other Federal infrastructure programs. I want to reemphasize that. Every other program, Federal infrastructure programs, clean water programs, have permanent Buy American provisions. So the question is: Why does this bill just have a 1year provision? If you don’t think that sends a signal to China that 1 year from today they can start dumping steel over in the United States and undercutting our steel industry and our steelworkers, then you are not living on the same planet that I am. The Senate passed their bill, including language making the Buy American requirement for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund permanent, with an overwhelming bipartisan vote, 95–3. House Republican leadership, for some unexplained reason, replaced this bipartisan Senate language with a 1 year extension at the last minute. I don’t understand why we would do this, why we would undercut the American steel industry; but I believe that their actions send a clear message to those folks in the steel mills around our country that we don’t have their back. These hardworking Americans depend on manufacturing jobs to support their families, and they have suffered because of Chinese steel dumped in our markets. U.S. steel mills have closed. American steelworkers have lost their jobs, and others have had their hours cut. This is personal to me. My father supported our family working in a steel mill, just like his father before him. They supported their families through these tough, dangerous jobs, like millions around the country. There is dignity in that work, and we need to make sure that Congress doesn’t kill that dignity, along with the kind of jobs Americans can support a family on. U.S. tax dollars should support American manufacturers and help preserve hardworking families across this Nation. I think these workers and their families deserve more certainty and more support. Presidentelect Trump said just last week: ‘‘We have two simple rules when it comes to this massive rebuilding effort: Buy American and hire American.’’ Now, the Presidentelect and I may be from different parties, but we certainly agree on that. I have had Members from both sides of the aisle come up to me and say that they support our amendment, and that they would vote for it on the floor. Members on both sides of the aisle at Rules spoke in favor of this amendment. Well, we didn’t get the vote we wanted out of the Rules Committee, but, colleagues, this is our chance to send a message and tell the American workers and American manufacturers that we have got their back by passing this motion to recommit. It just does one simple thing. It changes this 1year provision to permanent, just like the Senate bill that got sent down here and every other infrastructure bill that we do in this country. Colleagues, let’s not send the signal to China that America is open for them to dump their steel and put our companies and our workers out of jobs. Let’s tell American companies and American workers that this Congress has their back. Vote for this motion to recommit and let’s stick up for the American worker and our American manufacturers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from western Pennsylvania. I support Buy American provisions, and, of course, as he mentioned, there is a 1year provision in this. I just disagree—this is not the process for doing this moving forward. I believe it will kill the bill. This is a good bill. It was carefully negotiated with our counterparts in the Senate and both sides of the aisle. It represents a lot of—months and months of hard work. First, the bill will create jobs. It keeps American jobs in America by strengthening or competitiveness and grows our economy, and it will be including American steel in it. Second, it is a fiscally responsible bill. We fully offset it. It reduces a deficit by a half a billion dollars. Finally, it reasserts congressional authority by restoring the 2year cycle of considering WRDA bills. It returns us to regular order, preventing unelected bureaucrats from making decisions on our Nation’s water infrastructure. So stopping the bill now, I don’t think, is the right thing to do. Let’s pass it. Let’s continue to work together to get strong, Buy American provisions as we move forward, which is something I do support. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote at this time. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 949, I call up the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, design work, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects, and related efforts; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construction, $126,522,000, to remain available until expended. 
CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, design work, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participation by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $1,813,649,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover onehalf of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided, That funds made available under this heading for shore protection may be prioritized for projects in areas that have suffered severe beach erosion requiring additional sand placement outside of the normal beach renourishment cycle or in which the normal beach renourishment cycle has been delayed. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $368,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related projects authorized by law; providing security for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative buildings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing obstructions to navigation, $3,173,829,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Army Corps of Engineers established by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and maintenance activities related to resource protection in the areas managed by the Army Corps of Engineers at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field operating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided herein, for any Corps of Engineers project located in a State in which a Bureau of Reclamation project is also located, any non Federal project regulated for flood control by the Secretary of the Army located in a State in which a Bureau of Reclamation project is also located, or any Bureau of Reclamation facilities regulated for flood control by the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Army shall fund all or a portion of the costs to review or revise operational documents, including water control plans, water control manuals, water control diagrams, release schedules, rule curves, operational agreements with nonFederal entities, and any associated environmental documentation. REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up contamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $103,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as authorized by law, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the Army Corps of Engineers headquarters and the division offices; and for costs allocable to the civil works program of management and operation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center, $180,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which not more than $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation provided in this title shall be available to fund such activities in the Army Corps of Engineers headquarters and division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general administration of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $1,300,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,350,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for expenses necessary in carrying out related responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be expended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and restoration of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Americans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local governments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,114,394,000, to remain available until expended, of which $158,841,000 shall be available for additional funding for work and are authorized to be used consistent with activities described in the Commissioner’s transmittal to Congress dated February 8, 2016; $22,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be increased or decreased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for highpriority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $36,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, administration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in 
the five regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2018, $59,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and the purchase of not to exceed one fire apparatus pumper truck, one aerial lift truck, one refuse truck, and one semitruck for replacement only, $5,379,018,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $290,050,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. DEFENSE URANIUM ENRICHMENT  DECONTAMINATION AND DECOMMISSIONING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities for Department of Energy contributions for uranium enrichment decontamination and decommissioning activities, $717,741,000, to be deposited into the Defense Environmental Cleanup account which shall be transferred to the ‘‘Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund’’. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classified activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $791,552,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $258,061,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS BONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fiscal year 2017, no new direct loan obligations may be made. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancillary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $1,000,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $1,000,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $60,760,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHWESTERN  POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of transmission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $45,643,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $34,586,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,057,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $73,000,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). CONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $346,800,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $346,800,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and used for expenses necessary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100–456, section 1441, $31,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. DELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,129,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,044,000 in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2018, for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,085,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $969,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. NUCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2028 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–70 modified by the amendment printed in House Report 114–849. 
The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate, insert the following: 
This Act may be cited the ‘‘Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in division B of this Act shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. 
‘‘ ‘SECTION 1. EXCEPTION TO LIMITATION AGAINST APPOINTMENT OF PERSONS AS SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WITHIN SEVEN YEARS OF RELIEF FROM ACTIVE DUTY AS REGULAR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Nonproliferation, Antiterrorism, Demining and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 2028, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to present the second Fiscal Year 2017 Continuing Resolution this year, which will fund the Federal Government through April 28 of 2017. This bill is a necessary measure to continue vital government programs and services, like our national defense. It keeps the lights on in our government, preventing the uncertainty and harm of a shutdown. Our current continuing resolution expires tomorrow, so we must act today. This continuing resolution is a responsible compromise, making only limited adjustments where required to preserve the security of the Nation, to prevent serious lapses in government services, and to ensure the careful expenditure of taxpayer dollars. To highlight a few of these changes: we take care of our troops by increasing overseas contingency operations resources, and include provisions that accelerate production rates for critical defense equipment and systems, like the Ohio replacement submarine, the Apache helicopter, and the KC–46A tanker. The bill also maintains adequate funding for the Department of Homeland Security to keep our Nation safe. In addition to these changes, the bill includes necessary funding to help communities recover from recent natural disasters, like Hurricane Matthew, flooding in States like Louisiana and West Virginia, and devastating droughts. The legislation also includes $170 million for important health and water infrastructure improvements, as well as $872 million for the Housepassed 21st Century Cures Act, including $500 million to respond to the opioid abuse epidemic. These items are both fully offset. As I have said on this floor many times over the past 6 years, standing in this exact spot, a continuing resolution is a last resort. It is not what I would prefer to bring to the floor as my final bill as chairman of the Appropriations Committee. At the end of the day, a CR is simply a BandAid on a gushing wound. This is no way to run a railroad. It is bad for Congress, bad for the Federal Government, and bad for our country. A CR extends outdated policies and funding levels, wasting money, and preventing good changes from being made. A CR also creates uncertainty in Federal budgets and in our economy. Lastly, it diminishes the Congress’ power of the purse, giving away the people’s voice in how the government uses their tax dollars. I truly hope that in the near future we can stop lurching from CR to CR and return to regular order, for the sake of our national security, our economy, and the wellbeing of all Americans. However, at this point, this is our best and only path forward. It is absolutely imperative that we complete the work on the 11 remaining appropriations bills as soon as possible when Congress returns. This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the CR. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Insert offset folio 397 here EH081216.001rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSESECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(DIV. B, HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028) 
Operations/Global War on Terrorism} ......... , ...... . Procurement 
Insert offset folio 398 here EH081216.002rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSESECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(DIV. B, HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028) 
Assistance for Europe, Eurasia, and Central Asia (Overseas Contingency 
Insert offset folio 399 here EH081216.003rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSESECURITY ASSISTANCE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
(DIV. B, HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2028) 
b1230 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today we consider the second continuing resolution to keep most of the government open. To say that I am disappointed in this Bandaid approach to operating the government would be an understatement. The legislation before us is an abdication of responsibility for the entire Congress. It is a disgrace that more than 2 months into the new fiscal year, Congress will kick the can down the road nearly another 5 months for purely partisan reasons. Having already failed this year to adopt a budget, pass appropriation bills, and restore regular order, the majority’s failure to enact fullyear funding is not surprising, but nonetheless shameful. Several administration requests were either not included or were drastically discounted. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission would be frozen under this CR, likely causing staff furloughs and making it impossible to adequately protect market participants. I am extremely concerned about the majority including just $7 million— onefifth of the amount requested by the administration and by New York City—to reimburse New York for the cost of helping New York and other State and local governments protect the Presidentelect until his inauguration. Local and State taxpayers should not be forced to foot the bill for the Federal responsibility of protecting the Presidentelect. I view the amount in the CR as a down payment, and I am putting the majority on notice that a future funding bill must fully cover these costs. At a time when economic hardship is common among those who have worked in unsafe and unhealthy coal mines, this Congress should be united in ensuring these men and women have both the health and pension benefits they have earned. These hardworking individuals need more than empty promises. I am pleased the CR provides additional funding to respond to natural disasters, to assist Flint, Michigan, in recovering from a lead crisis, to respond to threats abroad, to prevent opioid addiction, and to support biomedical research; however, we should have made these investments along with a fullyear bill that would have dealt with every government program. Finally, this bill should not include the provision that would limit debate on providing a waiver to allow the next Secretary of Defense to have been retired from Active Duty for less than the current requirement of 7 years. Civilian leadership of the military is a bedrock principle of our democracy, and any new standard deserves full debate by the Congress. I know Chairman ROGERS worked to have the Appropriations Committee return to regular order. I tried to be a partner with him because I think the American people want us to do our job of keeping the government operating. Notwithstanding the constraints facing the chairman, the bill we consider today should be a bipartisan, fullyear spending measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELING HUYSEN ), who will assume the chair of the Appropriations Committee come January and in whom I have great confidence and pride. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge support of the continuing resolution. But first I must pay tribute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) as he manages his last appropriations bill as full committee chairman. I know I speak for Ranking Member LOWEY and all members of the committee, Republicans and Democrats, and our remarkable professional staff when I say that this body and this Nation owe a tremendous debt of gratitude for his many contributions on the Appropriations Committee for 30 years and as its chairman for the last 6. No one understands better than HALROGERSthe House’s constitutional duty to responsibly fund the Federal Government. No one has defended this body’s power of the purse with more vigor. He has always supported rigorous oversight. Under Chairman ROGERS ’ leadership, the committee has held over 600 public hearings to ensure that Federal tax dollars are well spent, and the committee has earned results, cutting wasteful spending to the tune of $126 billion since fiscal year 2010. In fact, the chairman has worked tirelessly to restore public trust in our Federal funding process, all with professionalism, good humor, and class. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for all members of the committee and all Members of the House in extending to you our heartfelt thanks for your continued service on the committee and your remarkable service as chairman. On the resolution, briefly—and this is relative to national security—the reality is we are a nation at war, engaged with enemies in Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere, and we have no greater responsibility than to ensure that our men and women in uniform have the resources that this continuing resolution assures so they can carry out their missions and return home safely. In this regard, we have scrubbed the President’s budget amendment $5.8 billion for overseas operations. In doing so, we have redirected funding to replenish our stocks of various munitions that our troops need to fight ISIS and the Taliban; and in light of increased activity on behalf of the Russians, we have provided funding for our NATO allies. This resolution needs to be supported for national defense and homeland security. Again, I salute Chairman ROGERS for his leadership. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), who is the ranking member of the Defense Subcommittee on the Appropriations Committee. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am sorely disappointed that, despite the very best efforts of Chairman ROGERS , Mrs. LOWEY , and all of the members of our committee, we yet again find ourselves in the position of considering another continuing resolution. In June, on the floor, I stated that our fiscal year begins on October 1, 2016, and not May 1, 2017, and that it is the responsibility of those of us holding office in this session of this Congress to execute the 2017 appropriations process. We should not foist our responsibility upon the next. Unfortunately, almost 6 months later, it is appropriate to repeat myself. As the ranking member on the Defense Subcommittee, I feel it is important to highlight some of the complications that we are compounding for next year, again, despite the very best efforts of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and the members of our subcommittee and the full committee. First, the CR hinders the DoD from adapting to emergency conditions around the globe. Although we have included a few adjustments in this CR, many more programs and initiatives were not addressed, and we will have created unforeseen but real impacts to our warfighters and their families. Second, the defense budget that we are deferring was planned for back in late 2015. Our actions to complete the fiscal year 2017 appropriations process by April 28 will present the Department with a fundamental management challenge. Third, it will require a significant amount of interchange with the DOD for Congress to complete the work for the remainder of this fiscal year’s appropriation into spring. Those same individuals and offices in the Department will simultaneously be making adjustments to the 2018 budget for the new administration. While it is likely that a 2018 budget request will be delayed beyond the normal first week in February, the two activities will overlap significantly, and it creates inefficiencies. Let me also point out the Department will be well into the development of its fiscal year 2019 budget at the same time. The Department will be presenting the fiscal year 2018 budget to the Congress. At the same time, it will patiently be waiting for the resolution of this budget, all the while operating under 2016 levels that we have now extended with two consecutive CRs. This CR has the likelihood of being particularly disruptive because it also coincides with the change in the executive branch. So while claiming to recognize the difficulty the new President faces, we add a much greater burden to the incoming administration and the next Congress by not completing our work now. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. MCKINLEY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this opportunity to discuss this shortterm healthcare provision for coal miners that is in the CR. A few months ago, approximately 20,000 retired coal miners and their families received notices that they would lose their health benefits at the end of this year—not for anything that they did, but because of President Obama’s war on coal and the excessive regulations that have forced their former employers into bankruptcy. b1245 Remember, these men and women did nothing to cause this problem. The extension of their healthcare benefits will give these families, unfortunately, little relief. It is for only 4 months, not any longer. After this bill passes, in just a few short weeks, they will be back in the same position. They will get the same notice. I am deeply disturbed that this bill does not include a longterm solution. Some in the Senate are even willing to kill this bill, but, in so doing, they would be abandoning the 20,000 coal miners. We can’t do that. We have to accept what we have. We can’t turn our back on these families. Stopping this CR would put 20,000 people in harm’s way. So I am supporting its passage, extending my hand to the leadership, and asking that they work with me when we return next Congress to find a longterm solution. Our coal miners deserve the peace of mind to know that their benefits will not be threatened in the future. I am willing to work with leadership, and anyone else, in Congress to get that done. Mr. Chairman, I have enjoyed very much working with you for the last 6 years. So my question to you is: Is it your understanding that we will have the opportunity to pursue a longterm solution and fund the healthcare benefits of retired coal miners in the first months of the 115th Congress and before the CR expires? Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCKINLEY. I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Yes, that is my understanding. Just across the river from you, in my home State of Kentucky, there are thousands of retired miners who will be impacted by the expiration of these healthcare benefits, many of them in my district. These miners have worked hard their entire lives to earn these benefits, and they deserve to know that the promises made to them, while working day in and day out in the mines, will be honored. I am committed to working with you and other Members representing coal country to arrive at a lasting solution to this problem in the new Congress and to provide some lasting relief to our coalfields, which have suffered so much in the last 8 years. Mr. MCKINLEY. Reclaiming my time, thank you, Mr. Speaker. I look forward to working with you. You have been very honorable, and someone that I have truly enjoyed working with. As we proceed on this in the next year, I think we can be successful. With incoming Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , I am even more excited. This is a way to get a final resolution. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from New York has 22 minutes remaining. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the ranking member of the Energy and Water Subcommittee on Appropriations. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and compliment her on her work as ranking member, and to the chairman of our full committee, Mr. ROGERS , an incredible chairman. Both of them did their work. I rise today—as the underlying bill that all of this is attached to is our energy and water bill—appalled at this Christmas tree bill that the Republican leadership has foisted on this Congress in the last minute. This is exactly the type of bill the public hates. The top brass over there literally disrespected our committee work and produced, instead, a rotten egg. Today, we will take a vote that forces us to choose between shutting the government down 2 weeks before Christmas or supporting a disgrace of a funding bill, laced with nongermane, controversial provisions. What kind of choice is this? What happened to the Republican’s top priority of funding the government under regular order? It is not our committee’s fault. We did our job. What happened to voting on 12 appropriations bills and allowing amendments under regular order? We want to do that, but we are being handcuffed. I will tell you what happened. The Republican leaders threw out our up todate bills. They threw them in the trash, and they replaced them with yet another bill that looks in the rearview mirror with numbers that are 2 years old and doesn’t meet America’s current realities. It forces our government agencies, including Defense, which Republicans claim to care so passionately about, to operate without any predictability or stability. This is disgraceful. No wonder Americans are so mad at us. If Republicans wanted to take care of the military, they have failed. The military has never, ever operated under a continuing resolution during a Presidential transition until now. Imagine how the commanders in the field feel when the April deadline hits. What is going to happen in May? If Republicans wanted to take care of American workers, they have failed. This resolution abandons hardworking coal miners after years of faithful service, right at Christmastime. Gosh, what a Christmas present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. KAPTUR. If Republicans wanted to run the House under regular order, they have failed. They only brought up half of the 2017 bills to the floor for a vote. Where are the other six? If Republicans wanted to fund the government in a responsible and efficient way, they have failed. This resolution will likely cost us millions of dollars more in delayed projects, contract breaches, and lost American jobs. Is this a sign of what is to come? What happens on April 28 when this filthy BandAid falls off? If we can’t pass bills under regular order this year—when we had a bipartisan budget agreement and a Republican majority—what will we do in May when we have not only the rest of the 2017 budget to fix but also the 2018 budget and the debt ceiling to address? I wonder what chaotic path the Republican leaders will lead us down in the new year? This is certainly a sign, a terrible sign, of what is to come. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the outstanding chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, first, I must join a long line of folks congratulating our friend and chairman of the important Appropriations Committee, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), for great service, assembling a wonderful, hardworking staff, and making sure that, particularly at Christmastime now, we are not going to be looking at shutting down the government. I rise in support of this CR, the continuing resolution. I want to just inform a couple of my colleagues of some of the very important provisions that are included in this package, including funding to begin some of the work enacting 21st Century Cures and relief for families in Flint, Michigan, and elsewhere around the country. There is not a single person in this Chamber watching at home today who has not been touched by disease in some way. We have said all too many goodbyes to the people that we hold dear. Every day, countless folks living vibrant lives are delivered unexpected diagnoses. It is a cycle that repeats itself over and over in every community. Life can change in an instant, and hope seems sometimes out of reach. Whether it be Alzheimer’s, lupus, MS, cancer, you name the disease—diabetes. That is why both the House and the Senate overwhelmingly passed the bipartisan 21st Century Cures Act with 392 votes in the House and 94 in the Senate just yesterday. It is set to be signed into law next week, and our effort will help change the conversation 
on innovation and research. But it is patients that it is going to help the most. This bill fulfills our commitment to hit the ground running immediately in our effort to deliver cures now, delivering valuable funds in this fiscal year, something that was critical as we worked together on both sides of the aisle in both the House and the Senate to get it done. The bill also fulfills our commitment to the folks of Flint, Michigan. Again, an issue that we have dealt with. I commend Mr. KILDEE , who is on the floor, for working with him in a bipartisan way. The system failed them at every level of government. But that is not what the folks in Flint wanted to hear. They wanted answers. This bill finally delivers that, and it has been a long struggle. And, again, I commend the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE) for his leadership on this. We worked together. This bill provides the effort to right those past wrongs. They want answers and results, and this bill delivers exactly that. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this bill and send it to the Senate and then to the President. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government. (Mr. SERRANO asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. I rise to join my voice to those from New York and other places who continue to ask: Why not fairness in reimbursing New York City for the work that it is doing, the money that it is spending, to take care of the President elect? We don’t have a problem with safeguarding him, but someone should pay, other than the local government. I must remind you, or warn you, that he loves New York, and that is fine. I suspect this will be a President who will spend a lot of time in New York City, rather than in the White House. That might sell well on some TV networks, but it won’t sell well for the taxpayers of New York. So I think it is important for us now to be able to get New York the $35 million it has already paid. Now, there is $7 million in the bill, and some will say, I can’t vote for this because it only has $7 million. I am looking at Chairman ROGERS , I am looking at Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , and I suspect that this is a downpayment on what is to come, and that the negotiations will get better. As I close, let me just take a second to say, HAL, you have been a great chairman. Every time I get up and you look to your right, which is not difficult for you to do, but when you look to your right and you single me out to speak, I have always felt that I am part of the team. You are not leaving the Congress, but you are leaving the chairmanship. We are going to miss you in that position, but you are replaced by a friend who now has to sit closer to me when I travel on the train so I can tell him all of my thoughts. I thank you. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), a member of the Armed Services Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for giving me a couple of minutes here to speak on behalf of this bill. I am not real sure, Mr. Speaker, how much more constructive I could be on this discussion of this underlying bill. The truth has already been spoken by both sides. It is not the bill that we wanted to bring to the floor. It is not the bills that we have marked up after some very serious oversight meetings and discussions within the Appropriations Committee. As has already been mentioned, we have moved each of the 12 bills through committee. Only half of them have made it through the floor of the House. So it is not the final product that any of us on the Appropriations Committee, and I would guess most of the people in our Congress, would have wanted to bring. But it is the bill that is on the floor today, and it is quite essential that we pass it and leave for the holidays without turning Washington upside down or our economy upside down. So I support the underlying bill, and I would recommend that it get a thunderous amount of approval here within in the Congress. Before I close, I can’t help but remember back 6 years ago, Mr. Speaker, when I came to this Congress. During the orientation period, I had an opportunity to engage in conversation with my friend from Kentucky, HALROGERS . I told him then that I wanted to be on his committee. I knew he was committed to regular order, and I knew he understood the process. I had the desire to serve on a committee that was actually going to do something that Washington is not real familiar with, and that is cut spending. He has done that. I promised him that I would be willing to take the tough votes, and that I would be standing there with him and the rest of my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to do our job—to restore regular order and, really, the Article I powers that the Congress should enjoy. b1300 He has never failed me, nor has he failed our committee. Our Congress— our House—should appreciate what this gentleman has done with this regard. I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for the leadership he has given our committee, and I thank him for the time here to express my feelings publicly on the floor of the House. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), the ranking member on the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I thank our ranking member, and I associate myself with the kind remarks others have made regarding our departing chairman, with whom I also share many years of productive and cooperative work in this institution. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this continuing resolution includes significant funding to help ensure that North Carolina and other affected States have the resources necessary to recover and rebuild in the wake of Hurricane Matthew and other major storms that struck earlier this year. As North Carolina’s only member on the Appropriations Committee, securing this funding has been my top priority since Hurricane Matthew made landfall, and I am grateful for the bipartisan cooperation of our State’s congressional delegation and also of the Appropriations Committee leadership throughout this entire process. The bill before us also includes critical funding to address the Flint water crisis, our national opioid epidemic, and Vice President BIDEN’s Cancer Moonshot initiative. It is heartening to see these efforts bear fruit, but this bipartisan success stands in stark contrast to how the Republican leadership of this House has managed the appropriations end game this year. Rather than work in a productive way with Democrats to finalize our fiscal year 2017 appropriations bills, Republican leaders of the House have, again, decided, this time in connivance with the Trump transition, to abandon the appropriations bills we negotiated in good faith in favor of yet another stopgap measure, this one arbitrarily lasting for 5 months. This doesn’t bode well for the appropriations process. We have heard the alarm bells sounded here today by appropriations leaders from both sides of the aisle. Make no mistake, there are some immediate consequences as well. This CR will damage HUD programs that serve our most vulnerable populations. It will prevent States from receiving new highway and transit funding called for in the bipartisan FAST Act. The CR also contains a partisan antisafety provision that would block overnight rest requirements for commercial truck drivers, endangering highway travel for millions of drivers across the country. Perhaps the most egregious, as well as unprecedented, is the inclusion of a waiver for Presidentelect Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Defense. Whatever the merits of this nomination, setting aside the 7year waiting period that is designed to protect the civilian control of the military deserves more deliberation and debate than a CR provides. Mr. Speaker, as we enter this period of political uncertainty, I hope that we 
can commit in future fiscal years to an appropriations process that allows us to exercise the power of the purse—this body’s essential constitutional power— in a measured and bipartisan way. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ), who chairs the allimportant Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on our committee. Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the chairman for the time. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the chairman for the job he has done over the last 6 years of leading this committee. It is a difficult job. We have to make tough choices, and this committee has been willing to do this. I appreciate the leadership that the chairman and Ranking Member LOWEY have provided for this committee and for the direction in which we have been able to go. Let me say also, Mr. Speaker, that I don’t really like what we are doing here. I don’t think anybody on the Appropriations Committee likes what we are doing here. We all know it is necessary because we don’t want the government to shut down, but it is amazing to listen to the number of people who come on the floor. I know all of the Appropriations Committee members want to get back to regular order and do individual bills, conference them, and then do individual conference reports of all of the bills. That is what should be done. That is called regular order. The last time that was done was in 1994; 22 years ago. Under Republican and Democrat leadership, we have not been able to do it in the last 22 years, and it is time we do. It is amazing the number of people who come to the floor and who aren’t on the Appropriations Committee who say, Man, we need to get back to regular order. We all agree with that. So how do we do it? I will tell you how we do it. It takes a commitment. It takes a commitment of Republican and Democratic leadership that, if you are going to have open rules, which is when any amendment can be offered—a lot of these appropriations bills come to the floor, and we have 100 or 150 amendments offered—they take a lot of time to pass. That is okay, but we have got to have a commitment that we are going to spend the time on the floor to do these appropriations bills. We are willing to do that, but it takes a commitment from leadership that we are going to have the floor time. We used to have a time when, all during the month of June and the first of July, it was called appropriations season. We were here for 6 weeks in a row, 5 days a week—sometimes until very late at night and early in the morning—doing the appropriations bills. We don’t do that anymore. We have a new schedule because the district work period is very important also, and I understand that for a lot of Members. At about every third week, we go home and do work in our districts. That time is important, but we are elected to do a job. We have got to be in Washington, and we have got to be on the floor, and we have got to be debating these bills if we want to get back to regular order. We act as if it comes down from on high that, geez, this just can’t happen, like it is not in our control. It is in our control. We on both sides of the aisle need to make a commitment that we will get back to regular order and do individual appropriations bills because that is the way this place is supposed to work. I thank the chairman for all of the job and all of the effort that he and Ranking Member LOWEY have done to bring us back to regular order to the extent we can, and, hopefully, we will keep moving forward. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR), the ranking member of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. FARR. I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is a very bittersweet moment for me. It is the last time I will speak on this floor after 23 years of serving in the House of Representatives. It is sweet because it is about the appropriations process and the wonderful camaraderie on that committee, which, I think, is the most important committee and the most exciting committee in Congress because you deal with all aspects of how government operates. You really do the policy wonk, the technical stuff, the drilling down— all of those words we use in order to understand how government works and how much it is going to cost. You have just heard this incredible bipartisanship of people—those dedicated to the job they were elected to do on the committees they serve on—do the appropriations process. All of that has developed this incredible friendship and, I think, professional respect we have for one another regardless of our philosophies. The bitterness of it is that you have just heard everyone so eloquently speak about the failure of the process in that we are doing a CR that nobody wants to do. Why is that? Frankly—and they are not saying it—I think this is the first test of how the Congress is going to respond to the new Presidentelect Trump’s agenda. It was our former Member—now Vice Presidentelect—Mike Pence who said: We want a CR. He served in this House, and he knows the process. We were all in agreement. We were going to do a comprehensive bill. We have caved to this request, and we shouldn’t have, because this is the only place in which you do checks and balances. The abuses of the administration can be only checked and balanced mostly on this committee. It is going to be a tough year next year, Mr. Speaker. It is going to be a tough year. Some of the proposals being made are really radical. They are going to cut a lot of things and hurt a lot of people if this Congress doesn’t correct them. We have a sense of how to do that, but we can’t do it with a CR. So I leave here really appreciative of the incredible responsibility that my electorate has given me to be here—the privilege of being in the House of Representatives. I really have loved the opportunity to be on the Appropriations Committee. I respect, through the leadership of our chair and of our ranking member, they have been able to produce some remarkable appropriations bills. I will just say to my colleagues: Take back your power. Be what the electorate wants. Be what the Constitution asks us to do. Be that seriousminded, representational government that really drills down on how all of government is going to operate. Don’t cave in to CRs. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. FARR. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman and I do not agree on many issues, but I think all of us agree that he has been an outstanding Member of the Congress. He has been a workhorse on our committee, and we are going to miss him. Congratulations to you on a great career. Thank you for serving. Mr. FARR. In reclaiming my time, I thank the chairman. I really appreciate those kind remarks. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, once again, this Congress has abandoned its responsibility to provide a fullyear appropriation. Months of hard work were thrown away, pushing important funding decisions down the road. I have heard from families and business leaders in my district who are worried about the uncertainty that continuing resolutions create in their daily lives. It is not a good way to govern. It is not a good way forward for our country. As the ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, I am disappointed that this bill only provides 5 months of funding for priorities like clean air, clean water, national parks, and our treaty obligations. We need to secure funding for hospitals and for schools in Indian Country, and it should be for a full year. We need to manage our national forests and parks and the Environmental Protection Agency’s monitoring of toxins 
that threaten the health of our families. The decision that we have before us today only allows these programs to continue for 5 months and be in jeopardy again in April. This bill does take one important step, however, to assist with the lead poisoning crisis in Flint; although, it is less than what is needed and it comes far too late. I thank, however, Chairman CALVERT  and Chairman ROGERS , and I thank Ranking Member LOWEY for their work to ensure that this bill does not contain any new policy riders that would impact the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee’s jurisdiction. My biggest concern with this legislation, however, is not interiorrelated, but, instead, involves the fundamental principle of our democracy. The decision by Republican leadership to include language that would limit a full public debate on Senate confirmation for the nominee of Secretary of Defense is alarming. Civilian control of our military has been a cornerstone of American democracy since our country’s founding. When the Secretary of Defense position was created in 1947, this principle was enshrined into law. I think the decision moving forward in this bill is deeply concerning to all Americans. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ), a member of the Committee on Financial Services. Mr. KILDEE. I thank my friend and colleague, the ranking member, for yielding and for her work on behalf of my hometown of Flint. She has been one of the strong advocates. Mr. Speaker, no piece of legislation that I have yet seen in the 4 years I have been in Congress and that has come before this floor is perfect, and this bill is included; but the people of Flint today—the people of my hometown—cannot drink their water because of actions by the State government and, frankly, as we know, because of the failure of the Federal Government, through the EPA, to alert the citizens of Flint to the crisis. The fact that their water had been poisoned has caused this community to face the biggest crisis that it has faced in all of its years. b1315 I am a product of Flint, Michigan. I grew up in Flint. Everything I have, everything I am, I owe to that community—and it has faced some terrible struggles over the years: the loss of manufacturing jobs, 90 percent of those manufacturing jobs are gone; the loss of half of its population, blight and abandonment. It is a community that had just begun to rebuild itself when this water crisis caused Flint to face the toughest times it has ever faced. It needs every level of government to step up to provide relief. This bill includes necessary funding to put Flint back on a path that allows its citizens to have the basic human right of clean drinking water. So I ask my colleagues, as we go forward, obviously consider all of the elements of all legislation, but also keep in mind this is the last day of this session of Congress in the House of Representatives, this is our last chance to provide that muchneeded help to my hometown. This is why I was sent to Congress: to fight for the people whom I represent, to make sure they have what they need, and to make sure, at this moment of their greatest need, that every level of government responds to them. That is why I will support this bill, and I would hope my colleagues will join me in that. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ), who chairs the allimportant Homeland Security Subcommittee on our committee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud member of the Appropriations Committee. I have one of the most difficult areas as far as current events in the country, and that is homeland security. I don’t like a CR any more than any other appropriator likes a CR, but our job is to fund the government. The Constitution tells us we are to fund the government, and we have hardworking people like HALROGERS , who reads the Constitution and realizes we have got to take the best medium we can for now and fund the government. So, of course, I am going to support this CR and I hope all my colleagues will. I want to tell you, all of us on the Appropriations Committee go through the entire process of doing the best we can for the departments we represent, to give them suggestions of leadership and direction to fund the projects that they need, to take care of the employees who work there and take care of the mission of every department we have. To have to see cede all that to a CR is painful, but reality is reality. The government must go on, and at this point in this time the government will go on with a CR. I also wanted to get up and say, as you go through these battles, wonderful people like my chairman and ranking member, Mr. ROGERS and Mrs. LOWEY , fight through the frustrations through the entire committee, and we do this. Yet these great minds like HAL ROGERS know what it takes to make things work around here, and they are willing to put in the time and the effort to get it done no matter how it has to be done. Our preference is to pass all appropriations bills into law. A necessity at this time is a CR, and I trust absolutely that my chairman is doing the right thing. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), from the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Homeland Security. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding, and I thank her for her leadership. I want to associate myself with the words about the chairman, Mr. ROGERS , and thank him for his years of commitment and dedication to this Nation. I also want to acknowledge my good friend SAMFARR, and I thank him so very much for being so strong and committed to the right things of this body and the Nation. I thank him for his service. I join with my colleagues. Many have said this is the wrong way to fund the government, that appropriations legislation done by the Appropriations Committee was ready and done. I join my colleague who says that we caved. We conceded to not doing our job in the 114th Congress, and for that reason, I am very concerned. Earlier today we had the WRDA bill, and I support that bill for the many projects that are going to help the citizens of Texas. I wish I could say the same thing as we go into the continuing resolution, for, yes, we have suffered in the State of Texas. There is $1 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers, $1.8 billion for the Community Development Block Grant, and $1 billion for the Federal highway. Certainly, I would say, in the WRDA bill is the authorization for helping the people of Flint and a reform of the Safe Drinking Water Act to make sure we protect our children from leadfilled water. That is a good thing, but it is not a good thing to only put $100 million in for Flint. But I support my colleague from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) because this money is needed, and it is needed now. I think there is more we can do, and we should have done it in regular order; and if we had done regular order, a few more days, we would have passed appropriations bills. Let me also say that what really skews and takes this bill, the CR, off its wheels is the waiver, the expedited process of trying to move forward a nominee of the incoming President, violating statutory law that has not been utilized in 66 years since the famous General Marshall was selected. Why not regular order—hearings, legislation, understanding what this will do to the militarycivilian separation? Mr. Speaker, let me simply say we have got to do our job the right way. The CR is not the right way. The American people need us to do our job the right way. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028, the ‘‘Energy and Water and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2016.’’ This bill is an imperfect vehicle for appropriations for FY 2017, because it does not fully fund the government for the entire fiscal year; it includes language to change a law that is unrelated to the budgetary or appropriations process; and it keeps in place sequestration. The leadership of the House is using the last day the 114th Congress will be in session 
to do work that should take 8 months to complete in a regular appropriations process. Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028 goes against sound fiscal practice by including the budget gimmickry known as sequestration, a fiscal bludgeon that makes across the board cuts in funding for the valuable services depended upon by American children, seniors, workers, veterans, students, and small businesses. Mr. Speaker, the Continuing Resolution before us extends current Fiscal Year 2017 government funding through April 28, 2017, at its current rate, which includes an acrossthe board cut of .19% for all accounts, defense and nondefense. Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028 also does something very serious, and has nothing to do with funding the federal government; this bill changes the number of years a retired member of the armed services must wait before being considered for the position of Secretary of Defense. The bill’s critical imperfection has nothing to do with funding the federal government—it is a change in law that would allow a retired military person to serve after only 3 years of retirement instead of 7. The service to our nation and the honor and integrity of the person under consideration at present to be the next Secretary of Defense is not in question—it is the reason why there is a waiting period and why that is important. By placing this change in a continuing resolution—a bill designed not to allow more than an hour of debate and no changes is not the vehicle we should use to make this change. If President Obama had suggested a change in law to be accomplished in a continuing resolution appropriations bill, his request would have been denied. The politicization of the legislative process has seriously undermined the credibility of the Congress to do the important work of funding the federal government. Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that we have again been placed in the position of having to fund the government through the device of a continuing resolution rather than through the normal appropriations process of considering and voting on the twelve separate spending bills reported by the Committee on Appropriations. The use of this appropriations measure to further a political objective adds further insult to this body and the appropriations process. There are oversight committees with the knowledge, expertise and experience to make the determination on whether this change is prudent and if they determine that it is—to make the appropriate changes in law. Senate Amendment to H.R. 2028 is not perfect—far from it—but it is a modest and positive step toward preventing Republicans from shutting down the government again and manufacturing crises that only harm our economy, destroy jobs, and weaken our middle class. The government shutdown of 2013, which was manufactured by the Republican majority, lasted 16 days and cost taxpayers $24 billion. The cost to federal employees and the people they serve cannot be calculated. Mr. Speaker, as with any compromise there are some things in the agreement that I support and some things that I strongly oppose. For example, I support the provisions in the Continuing Resolution ensuring that funding for appropriated entitlements continue at a rate maintaining program levels under current law. The Continuing Resolution provides $4 billion in emergency funding for disaster relief for damage caused by Hurricane Matthew in North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida; and severe flooding that occurred in Texas, Louisiana, West Virginia, and elsewhere. Funding includes: $1 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers to repair damage to federal projects resulting from recent severe storms; $1.8 billion for the Community Development Block Grant; $1 billion for the Federal Highway Administration’s Emergency Relief program to rebuild infrastructure after natural disasters; The Continuing Resolution includes $5.8 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funding for defense priorities from the budget amendment submitted in November: $5.1 billion is to support counterterrorism operations; and $652 million is to support the European Reassurance Initiative. The Continuing Resolution includes $4.3 billion in Overseas Continency Operations funding for nondefense priorities, including: $1.6 billion for Embassy Security; $1.2 billion for Economic and Stabilization Assistance, including countering Russian influence; $916 million for Humanitarian Assistance to respond to 65 million displaced persons; $160 million for State Department and USAID operations; and $404 million in Security Assistance for civilian police training and judicial aid, antiterrorism training and explosive ordnance removal, peacekeeping and stabilization programs in Africa and the Middle East; The Continuing Resolution provides: $100 million for making capitalization grants to Flint, Michigan under the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds. These funds will address lead or other contaminants in drinking water, including repair and replacement of lead service lines and public water system infrastructure; $20 million for Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation (WIFIA) Grants to finance water infrastructure efforts, including those to address lead and other contaminants in drinking water systems; $20 million for a Lead Exposure Registry to collect data on lead exposure and an Advisory Committee to review programs, services, and research related to lead poisoning prevention; $15 million in additional funding for CDC’s Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Program to conduct screenings and referrals for children with elevated blood lead levels; and $15 million in additional funding for HRSA’s Healthy Start Program to reduce infant mortality and improve perinatal outcomes. The Continuing Resolution appropriates $872 million from accounts funded by the 21st Century Cures Act, including: $500 million to support grants to States to respond to the opioid abuse crisis; and $352 million to support biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health. Mr. Speaker, to illustrate how strongly I feel about the need to end sequestration, let me chronicle the severity of the suffering and pain inflicted by sequestration on the most vulnerable residents of Texas and the constituents that I serve. Head Start and Early Head Start services were eliminated or severely impacted with approximately 4,800 children being impacted throughout the state of Texas. Families in my district who rely on Federal Government programs like Head Start are hurting. The pain did not start with the 2013 shutdown, but with sequestration which hit Head Start programs for 3 to 4 year olds in the Houston area hard: $5,341 million cut; 109 Employees cut; 699 Slots for children cut. Head Start and Early Head Start Programs were further stressed by the federal government shutdown. My support of Head Start and Early Head Start is based on what I have seen and heard about programs like the AVANCEHouston Early Head Start program serving parents and children in the 18th Congressional District. The AVANCEHouston Early Head Start is a program serving low income families in my Houston, Texas District. I have visited with AVANCEHouston administrators many times to get an update on how lowincome families with infants and toddlers and pregnant women served by the program were doing. The AVANCEHouston Early Head Start’s mission is simple: AVANCEHouston works for healthy prenatal outcomes for pregnant women, enhances the development of very young children, and promotes healthy family functioning. AVANCEHouston serves nearly 1,800 children citywide; each of these families and their children are suffering the effect of the sequestration. Sequestration has cost AVANCEHouston over $842,518 in Head Start and Early Head Start lost funding and put on hold the head start on the future our children deserve. As I stated, Mr. Speaker, this Continuing Resolution is not perfect and it only funds the 
government until April 28, 2017. For that reason, I renew my call that all members of the House and Senate work together to reach agreement on an appropriate budget framework that ends sequestration but does not harm our economy or require draconian cuts to the nation’s priorities. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the State of California (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I commend her for her excellent leadership as the ranking Democratic member on the Appropriations Committee. As an appropriator myself, I understand the culture. I understand the camaraderie between parties. For that reason, I want to commend our distinguished chairman, Mr. ROGERS , for his wonderful service as the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. I served with him for many years on the committee. I know firsthand his concern for the American people, and I thank him for his service. I know he will continue as an appropriator, but I thank him for his leadership as chairman. I join in commending one of our Members who is leaving, SAMFARR, for 
his always looking out for America’s children, whether it was their health or education, especially in terms of their access to food security. I thank Mr. FARRfor his leadership. Mr. Speaker, it is with great regret that I come to the floor to express my personal disappointment with this legislation, and I will be voting ‘‘no.’’ My colleagues have asked me what I think about it. I am not urging them to do anything, but I am telling you why I think this is a missed opportunity. While we all recognize that it was a moral challenge for us to do something for the children of Flint, the manner in which it was done, in a bifurcated way, was used to get votes for another bill, which I think was wrong. But not to dwell on process—not to dwell on process—let’s just look at the facts. The facts are these: This will probably be billed at over $1.5 trillion, over $1.5 trillion. There could have been $170 million appropriated for the children of Flint in this bill. Some would say that is not authorized. Probably $250 billion to $300 billion in this bill is not authorized, so why should the children of Flint have to step over a higher barrier? And that is just exemplary of the partisan nature of the bill. We have always worked in a bipartisan way, House and Senate appropriations, and then especially as we come to the end of the year. But this year it was RepublicanRepublican, House and Senate. Again, forget process. But what does that mean in terms of priorities? It means that Families First, an initiative to help foster kids in our country, something that had bipartisan support in the House and Senate, was rejected from consideration. It means, again, that the miners and the families of coal miners who needed—suppose that business that you work for, Mr. Speaker, went bankrupt or declared themselves insolvent and, therefore, your pension and your health care benefits disappeared. How would you feel? Well, that is just what happened to the miners, and what was needed was long term security for them that Mr. MCKINLEY , a Republican, put forth in his legislation that we hoped could be taken up and be part of this. But it was rejected by our Republican colleagues. It is interesting, because one of the other things that is not in this bill that we hoped would be is a correction to last year’s bill for extenders for renewable energy. I was told by Republicans that we don’t want to do that for renewable energy because we are fossil fuel guys. Well, if you are fossil fuel guys, take care of the miners and their families. The anticipation would be that there could be a 5year proposal for pension and healthcare benefits. Right now, there is a 4month provision for health care—4 months, not 5 years—not pensions and benefits, just health care. Why? Why is that so unimportant when we are talking about people who are part of a culture of coal mining in our country, which is fading, and they need help, and we should be here to help them? So, as we reject any proposals for renewables that might provide many, many jobs for these same people, we are also rejecting their right to their health benefits and their pensions. The list goes on, but it is really so sad that the Flint issue should have been all in one bill. It was bifurcated for reasons I can’t explain, and that is why, if I can’t explain it, I am not voting for it. That is why I call upon my colleagues. Recognizing the many good things in the bill but not meeting the needs of the American people, foster kids had bipartisan support in the House and Senate, but it was rejected—rejected. Now, there is funding for the opioids in this legislation, and I am pleased about that. I have been told that I should be happy about that because that was one of our requests. I think it was a bipartisan request of everyone, House and Senate, to have funding for opioids. That is what I thought. That is what I thought, and I am glad it is in the bill. So, in any event, for the opportunity lost, for the ignoring of some very legitimate proposals to help the American people, for the rejection of Republican suggestions in terms of the miners, for these and other reasons, I will be voting against this, regretfully. We have tried to work in a bipartisan way in the past, but this year, instead of fourposter, it is two; and that has had an impact on the content of what this is, and that content has an impact on the lives of the American people. With that, Mr. Speaker, I will just say that that is why I am not voting for the bill. Members will have to make their own decisions. But we cannot go down the path of missed opportunities and just roll over and not speak out and say this isn’t the best that we can do for the American people. We owe them much better than this bill. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1330 Mrs. LOWEY. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we conclude debate on the CR, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the service of Chairman ROGERS . This may be the last bill Mr. ROGERS will manage as full committee chairman. I have appreciated his partnership and his friendship. I support his ultimate goal as chairman, to pass individual spending bills, allowing Members to exercise their constitutional duty of providing funding for government programs. It may be an understatement to say he has faced political headwinds each year that made regular order out of reach, but I know he will remain as a senior member of the committee, and he will continue to work to pass fullyear bills. I thank him for your partnership. Finally, I would be remiss if I didn’t take a moment to recognize my departing colleagues on the committee. For 23 years, SAMFARR has worked tirelessly to support agriculture, ensure the safety of our food and medicine, and protect the vitality and cleanliness of our oceans. He has also been a tireless defender of our military veterans, the Peace Corps, and the institution of Congress itself. We are also losing the ranking member of the Commerce, Justice, Science Subcommittee, MIKE HONDA . M IKE’s life experiences, including his early years with his family in a Japanese American internment camp, helped shape his efforts addressing income inequality, LGBTQ equity, and technology issues that are vital to his Silicon Valley district. New York and all of America’s middle class are losing one of their strongest advocates with STEVE ISRAEL , who has been a champion of our Armed Forces, clean air and water, and the U.S.Israel relationship. On the Republican side, we will miss SCOTT RIGELL , DAVID JOLLY , and especially my good friend, chairman of the Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, ANDER CRENSHAW . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Kentucky has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I noted earlier, this may be the last time I speak before the body as chairman of the House Committee on Appropriations. Let me first say how much I appreciate the friendship and the camaraderie with the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ). She has been a pleasure to work with. She is perceptive; she is persistent; she is a personal friend; and we enjoy a great friendship. Without a doubt, the last 6 years have had their ups and downs, but I have always been proud to serve the people of Kentucky, the people of this Nation, the Committee on Appropriations, and this great institution that we admire. Let me highlight, Mr. Speaker, just a few of these ups and downs that I mentioned with one of my favorite exercises, a bythenumbers reflection on our many shared experiences. Here is my bythenumbers recollection of my last 6 years at the helm of the Committee on Appropriations: 650, the number of hearings held by appropriations subcommittees. 140, the number of appropriations bills considered on the House floor. 19, the number of appropriations bills considered on the floor in just 1 month, October of 2013. 12, the number of appropriations bills we should pass every year. 
2,122, the number of floor amendments considered to appropriations bills. 555 and counting, the number of floor hours spent debating appropriations bills. 70, the number of appropriations bills enacted into law. Hopefully this will make it 71. Two trillion, the number of dollars saved in discretionary outlays as a direct result of our appropriations work. Too many to count, the number of cigars smoked in my office. And they were not only me. Number 1, the number of basketball championships won by the University of Kentucky. 70, the number of mighty fine Members who have served on the committee over the last 6 years. Incalculable, the number of hours our staff—the best on the Hill—have put into their tireless work on behalf of all of us. This includes late nights, weekends, holidays, you name it. When we need them, they are there, and they have done a wonderful job. In particular, Mr. Speaker, let me take a moment to thank Will Smith, sitting beside me here. Will worked up the ranks in my personal office, serving as my chief of staff before moving to the committee in 2011, first as deputy staff director and now as staff director. He has been with me for so long and through so much, it is hard to calculate. In any year, he is a firstround draft pick, and I am fortunate to have had him by my side these past 6 years. He has done a wonderful, wonderful job. Thanks also to Mrs. LOWEY and our Senate counterparts, Chairman COCHRAN and Ranking Member M IKULSKI , for all their partnership throughout the process, and the great work that they have done. Today is a bittersweet day, but I am deeply honored to have served this institution at the head of the committee I love. I hope this institution and the people we serve are better off now because of our work over the last 6 years. I know that under the steadfast leadership of our new chairman, my dear friend, RODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , the progress we have made will only continue to grow. In addition to Will, let me thank the front office staff of the committee: Will Smith, Jim Kulikowski, Dale Oak, Stephen Sepp, Jennifer Hing, Matt Leffingwell, Marta Hernandez, Tammy Hughes, Kaitlyn EisnerPoor, Victoria Luck, Kelicia Rice, and Brad Allen. Thank you also to the clerks of the subcommittees, the people who really do the hard work: Tom O’Brien, John Martens, Rob Blair, Donna Shahbaz, Winnie Chang, Valerie Baldwin, Dave LesStrang, Susan Ross, Liz Dawson, Maureen Holohan, Craig Higgins, Dena Baron, and all of the staff who work with them in the subcommittees and in the full committee. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me thank you for the help that you have given me as chairman of the committee over the years, both on the committee and off, the friendships that we have developed, the camaraderie that develops and exists on our committee and throughout the body. It has been a great honor to serve in this role. I look forward to continuing to work in the committee to do the Nation’s work. Thank you all for your collaboration, consideration, and your companionship over the last 6 years. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15minute vote on adoption of the motion will be followed by 5minute votes on adoption of the motion to recommit on S. 612; passage of S. 612, if ordered; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 326, nays 96, not voting 11, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Evans Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Bass Becerra Beyer Blum Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Crowley DeFazio DeSaulnier DesJarlais Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Eshoo Farr Franks (AZ) Fudge Gallego Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, Sam Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kind King (IA) Labrador Lee Lewis Lofgren Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Pallone Palmer Pearce Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Ross Russell Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walker 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Williams Wittman Yarmuth 
Clyburn Fincher Forbes Green, Gene Kirkpatrick Poe (TX) Price, Tom Rush Sanchez, Loretta Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
b1403 Ms. ESHOO, Mr. TAKANO, Ms. MOORE, Messrs. GUTIEREZ, JEFFRIES, GOWDY, DESAULNIER, WEBER of Texas, and WALKER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ELLISON, Mses. SEWELL of Alabama, ROYBALALLARD, and DEGETTE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to recommit on the bill (S. 612) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the motion. The Clerk redesignated the motion The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 184, nays 236, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—13 
Clyburn Fincher Forbes Green, Gene Hardy Kirkpatrick McDermott Poe (TX) Price, Tom Renacci Sanchez, Loretta Smith (NJ) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 621. (By unanimous consent, Mr. MCCARTHYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to inform my colleagues that, upon completion of our work today, the House will no longer be in session next week, and these will be the last votes expected in the 114th Congress. Additionally, I would like to recognize those Members who will not be returning next Congress. To those Members, we wish to say thank you for your hard work and for your service to this great body. Lastly, I would like to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. To those Members who are returning next Congress, I would say this: You can expect a very busy legislative schedule. You need to get your rest because in the House we will be working to make America great again. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 360, noes 61, not voting 12, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aderholt Allen Amash Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Capps Capuano Cartwright Cicilline Clark (MA) DeFazio DeGette DelBene DeSaulnier Eshoo Farr Franks (AZ) Gallego Grijalva Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Jordan Kilmer Lee Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Marino Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Neugebauer Pallone Palmer Pelosi Pocan Polis Quigley Ribble Roby Rogers (AL) Rush Salmon Sarbanes Schrader Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Titus Vargas Visclosky 
Clyburn Evans Fincher Forbes Green, Gene Kirkpatrick Olson Poe (TX) Posey Price, Tom Sanchez, Loretta Westmoreland 
b1419 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 620, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 621, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 622. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF THE BILL S. 612 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CLAWSON of Florida). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 183 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill S. 612, the Secretary of the Senate shall make the following correction: Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
INSPECTOR GENERAL EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6450) to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6450 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 6 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as amended by section 5 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. The requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise appropriated. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the bill at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 18, line 11, strike ‘‘information’’ and insert ‘‘informations’’. Page 33, line 19, strike ‘‘appropriated’’ and insert ‘‘authorized’’. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FEDERAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT REFORM ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6451) to improve the Governmentwide management of Federal property, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6451 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Property Management Reform Act of 2016’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ENSURING ACCESS TO PACIFIC FISHERIES ACT Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6452) to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from American Samoa? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6452 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act’’. TITLE I—NORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES Subtitle A—North Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation 
CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘1982 Convention’’ means the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure participation in the Commission and its subsidiary bodies by the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Guam to the extent allowed under United States law. 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of funds made available to the Secretary and the Secretary of State $300,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this subtitle and to pay the United States contribution to the Commission under Article 12 of the North Pacific Fisheries Convention. Subtitle B—Miscellaneous 
Section 10 of the National Sea Grant College Program Reauthorization Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 1541) is amended by striking ‘‘the United States Coast Guard’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘another Federal agency’’. 
TITLE II—IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONVENTION ON THE CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT OF HIGH SEAS FISHERY RESOURCES IN THE SOUTH PACIFIC OCEAN 
State in the territorial sea of the United States. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure participation in the Commission and its subsidiary bodies by American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands to the extent allowed under United States law. 
Masters of commercial fishing vessels of countries fishing under the management authority of the South Pacific Fisheries Convention that do not carry vessel monitoring systems capable of communicating with United States enforcement authorities shall, before or as soon as reasonably possible after, entering and transiting the exclusive economic zone bounded by the Convention Area, ensure that all fishing gear on board the vessel is stowed below deck or otherwise removed from the place it is normally used for fishing activities and placed where it is not readily available for fishing activities. 
Section 204 (16 U.S.C. 5603) is amended by striking ‘‘Fisheries Commission’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Commission consistent with the procedures detailed in Articles XIV and XV of the Convention’’. 
Section 210 (16 U.S.C. 5609) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 213 (16 U.S.C. 5612) is repealed. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6480) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Intelligence Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6480 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The explanatory statement regarding this Act, printed in the House section of the Congressional Record on or about December 8, 2016, by the Chairman of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, shall have the same effect with respect to the implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2017 the sum of $514,000,000. TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS 
The authorization of appropriations by this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to ‘‘Director of the National Counter Proliferation Center.’’. 
Section 11 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3511) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
such intelligence was corroborated, the level of confidence held by the intelligence community, and any dissent or reassessment by an element of the intelligence community. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report, in writing, listing, by year, the number of employees of an element of the intelligence community who have been detailed to the National Security Council during the 10year period preceding the date of the report. Such report may be submitted in classified form. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to submit statements and extraneous materials for the RECORD on H.R. 6480. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2016, TO MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2016 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Monday, December 12, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
b1430 APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INSTITUTIONAL QUALITY AND INTEGRITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 1011c and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following individual on the part of the House to the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity to fill the existing vacancy thereon: Upon the recommendation of the majority leader: Mr. Brian Jones, Washington, D.C. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
DECEMBER 7, 2016. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 4 of the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act (Pub. L. 114–224), I am pleased to appoint the following individual to the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission. Ms. Stacey Plaskett of the United States Virgin Islands Thank you for your consideration of this appointment. Best regards, NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT JOHN CAIN (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Lieutenant John Cain of the SavannahChatham Metropolitan Police Department, who passed away on Sunday, December 4, after a hardfought battle against pancreatic cancer. Lieutenant Cain dedicated 27 years of his life to Savannah’s police department, and most recently worked in the Southside Precinct. There, he was honored as the precinct’s Supervisor of the Year for 2015. Because of his dedication, and all of his outstanding accomplishments for the police department, he was promoted to lieutenant in November before officially retiring. Amongst all of his efforts to help the Savannah community, one clearly stands out in many people’s minds. In 2015, Savannah newspapers published a photo of Lieutenant Cain helping a marathon runner, who had fallen about 200 yards from the finish line at the Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon. Lieutenant Cain rushed to his side and helped him to cross the finish line. The runner was participating in the race in honor of his father, who had recently passed away of cancer, and desperately wanted to finish for him. The runner said: ‘‘Lieutenant Cain meant a lot to me, and not just for helping me then. He was inspiring. He was a hero to me.’’ Lieutenant John Cain was inspiring to us all, and I urge everyone to learn from his great life. f 
H.R. 6477 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act’’. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure that foreign states that apply for immunity under Public Law 89–259 (22 U.S.C. 2459) are appropriately notified of the text of this Act. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS COMES TO THE WASHINGTON BELTWAY (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, many people around the country like to say ‘‘what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas,’’ but I am here to tell you that is not accurate. What happens in Vegas comes to the Washington Beltway. In fact, tonight, MGM Resorts International, the largest employer in the State of Nevada, will bring a little bit of Las Vegas right here to the banks of the Potomac. The company’s newest property, National Harbor, will officially open its doors tonight, creating a new standard for hospitality and tourism here on the East Coast. National Harbor is already contributing to the local economy. MGM has received over 40,000 applicants for positions at the $1.4 billion, 308room property, and they have hired over 400,000 people in jobs that cover 100 different categories. So, in the new year, I want to invite Members to come out and enjoy all of the food, the entertainment, and the shopping that MGM has to offer here in the area. Maybe it will inspire Members to come to see me in District One in Las Vegas. Mr. Speaker, happy holidays. 
REMEMBERING THE ATTACK ON PEARL HARBOR (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, we remembered 2,403 Americans who lost their lives in the attack on Pearl Harbor. On the morning of December 7, 1941, Naval Station Pearl Harbor came under attack by the Imperial Japanese Navy. In an effort to destroy the United States Pacific Fleet, Japan sent hundreds of planes and mobile submarines to attack Pearl Harbor’s ships, planes, and facilities. Although the attack lasted only 2 hours, the aftermath was devastating. Eight battleships were damaged, five of which were completely sunk, and another nine vessels were lost; 188 aircraft and numerous infrastructure assets were also destroyed. Thousands of Americans gave their lives on this dreadful day, but they were not lost in vain. Their sacrifice prompted the U.S. involvement in World War II, leading to the defeat of Nazi Germany and the liberation of millions imprisoned in concentration camps. On the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, we remember those who lost their lives on December 7, 1941. Their service and commitment have inspired generations of Americans and will continue to do so for years to come. f 
UNITED STEELWORKERS IN INDIANA (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, we have been hearing a lot in the last few days and weeks about what is happening in Indiana with the Carrier plant. Last night, the Presidentelect of the United States took a swipe at the local union official of United Steelworkers in Indiana, a man who in the last several months has probably had the worst months of his life to where he has to tell members of his union that they are going to lose their job right before the holidays—families. Many of us in this body have known union leaders who have had to deal with this exact situation. For the Presidentelect to take his position— the bully pulpit that the people of our country have given him—to try to smack down a steelworker in Indiana who is dealing with such a tough situation is shameful. And on the heels of that, appoint someone to the Secretary of Labor’s position who is antilabor and wants to get rid of food workers, when he makes millions of dollars a year and the food worker makes $18,000 in a good year. This is not what my people signed up for, the people who may have even voted for Donald Trump. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the Presidentelect. 
FOSTERING MEDICAL INNOVATION, SUPPORTING MEDICAL RESEARCH, AND DEVELOPING NEW TREATMENTS (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 21st Century Cures Act, a bill aimed at fostering medical innovation, supporting medical research, and developing new treatments to provide better individualized care. The 21st Century Cures Act ensures Americans suffering from some of the most common and devastating diseases receive quicker access to the latest cuttingedge medical treatments. I am pleased that key elements of my REGROW Act, a bill aimed at addressing the lack of FDA standards and oversight approval of regenerative medicine, were incorporated into the final version of the 21st Century Cures Act. Regenerative medical treatments, developed from stem cells, show the potential to fully restore or establish normal functions in damaged human cells, tissues, or organs. Thanks to the Gates Center for Regenerative Medicine in Colorado, one of the Nation’s leading regenerative medicine research centers, I have had the opportunity to see up close the potential of these treatments and have long advocated for their increased use and availability. The 21st Century Cures Act will bring a renewed hope to so many Americans across our country. I urge the President to sign this bill into law without delay. f 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and join with my colleagues from Maryland in congratulating and saluting Senator BARBARA MIKULSKI on her amazing and outstanding career. They often say of people that, once they start their career, they never look back. Well, in Senator MIKULSKI ’s case, she always looked back. She always remembered where she came from, and she fought for the people of east Baltimore every step of the way. I had the pleasure over the years, as I attended events with Senator MIKULSKI, of gathering of what I call Mikulskiisms, these golden nuggets of wisdom that you can live by. I wanted to mention a few. She used to talk about the need to cooperate. She used to say: I am not into fingerpointing; I am into pinpointing. She said, when others are wringing their hands, we need to come with a helping hand. She talked about the fact that, behind every me, is a ‘‘we.’’ She talked about how people have three shifts every day: they work at their job, they come home and they work for their family, and they serve in their community. I remember her once referring to a particularly futile effort as ‘‘spitting off the Bay Bridge to raise the tide.’’ We love to remember Senator MIKULSKI’s voice. We are going to miss her in this place, but we are going to remember that voice that fought for Baltimore, for Maryland, and for America. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF UNITED STATES ARMY CAPTAIN ANDREW D. BYERS (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of United States Army Captain Andrew D. Byers, who died on November 3, 2016, in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. Captain Byers was assigned to B Company, Second Battalion, Tenth Special Forces Group, based at Fort Carson, Colorado. He was deployed to Afghanistan in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel as part of the mission to train, advise, and assist local forces. Captain Byers was a graduate of the United States Military Academy, with a distinguished career of service to our Nation, including prior deployments to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Italy. I extend my thoughts and prayers to Captain Byers’ family, friends, and teammates. 
HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. RUPPERSBERGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to salute Senator BARBARA  MIKULSKI , the longtime quarterback of Team Maryland, on the occasion of her welldeserved retirement after nearly four decades in Congress. Senator MIKULSKI has truly made history, both by her extraordinary longevity and her tenacious leadership. She is the longest serving woman in the Senate, and the first Democratic woman elected to the Chamber in her own right. BARBARA and I bonded over our shared passion for local government. We both know it is where the rubber meets the road, and we both believe that all politics is local. That is what has made her so popular and so effective. We have both worked hand in hand as appropriators, Senator MIKULSKI as the ranking member of her respective committee. She has worked tirelessly for critical resources to improve our roads, schools, and police, to create jobs and create opportunities. There are two things about Senator MIKULSKI that have always impressed me in her public service: First, she always relates to her father’s corner store on South Eden Street in Baltimore City. When he opened his doors each day, he would say, ‘‘How may I help you?’’ Senator MIKULSKI often quotes that mantra and, more importantly, lives by it every day of her life for the people of the State of Maryland. The other thing that impresses me is a saying she always says, ‘‘It is not about the building.’’ Senator MIKULSKI  has never cared about the bricks and mortar. She cares about the people who work inside the building, what they can do, how they help the citizens, and how she can help them. BARBARA , for all you have done for Baltimore, for Maryland, and for the country, the words ‘‘thank you’’ just don’t seem enough. I am very proud to call you my friend and mentor, and I wish you all the best in the days ahead. 
b1445 HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in tribute to someone whom I have known and called a friend for many, many years—over three decades, perhaps four—BARBARA MIKULSKI —the tallest short person I have ever met. She fills a room. Everybody knows when BARBARA MIKULSKI is in the Chamber or in the room or in the auditorium. BARBARA MIKULSKI , as you have heard, will retire at the end of this Congress after having served Maryland in the House and Senate since 1977. I had the opportunity to serve with her in this House for some 6 years. For 40 years, she has been a voice for the people of our State, not just a voice for all people, but, in particular, for those people whose voices needed amplifying: the poor, the sick, the overworked, the underpaid, the Baltimore dockworkers worried for their jobs, the women earning less than their male colleagues for the same work, the children in foster care or in homeless shelters. All of them have come to see BARBARA MIKULSKI as their champion. In many ways, she began her career as a social worker and brought that work to Congress. She returns as one of the most successful social workers in history. She has worked hard to clean up the Chesapeake Bay, to support America’s first responders, and to broaden our exploration of space and science. What a giant she has been for NASA. She has helped seniors afford health care and keep America’s promise to its veterans. She passed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, introduced the Paycheck Fairness Act to end the wage gap once and for all, and has fought continuously to raise the minimum wage. Senator MIKULSKI blazed the trail as the longestserving woman in the history of Congress; was the first woman to be elected without a relative as a predecessor; and was the first woman and first Marylander to chair the Appropriations Committee. She has left an indelible mark on millions across Maryland and across America. I have been proud to serve alongside her and I will miss her in the Capitol as I know so many others will as well. My colleagues and I rise. We will lament the loss of Senator MIKULSKI as our colleague in the Congress, but we will be so proud that we have been able to call her colleague and friend. 
HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. CUMMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I welcome this opportunity to reflect, once again, on Senator MIKULSKI ’s vision for America and upon all that she has achieved in public life. On a personal note, I am deeply grateful that God has given me the opportunity to know and work with a woman who all would agree is a remarkable human being and a person I am honored to call my friend. BARBARA MIKULSKI ’s progressive values are solid, and they are clear, and we have always known that she would fight for all of us every single day. Less wellknown, however, is BARBARA MIKULSKI ’s lifetime vision of bringing all of America’s working families together in support of progressive change. Here is a dream that ties together her roots in Highlandtown, in Baltimore, with my own heritage from south Baltimore and west Baltimore. She is, indeed, a very, very special woman. She has never forgotten from whence she has come. One of the things I also love about BARBARA MIKULSKI is that she consistently synchronizes her conduct with her conscience. We will miss her, but we know that BARBARA will always be fighting for the people of our great city, for the great people of the State of Maryland, and for the people of these great United States. 
HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Mr. VAN HOLLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, long before the last ‘‘Star Wars’’ movie came out, I said: When Senator MIKULSKIis with you, the Force is with you. Senator MIKULSKI has been a powerful force for good in Maryland and throughout the Nation. She has been a fierce fighter for American workers, for our veterans, for our seniors, and for people from all walks of life. Her leadership on the Appropriations Committee brought vital investments to the thriving Port of Baltimore and to the Social Security Administration. She has supported security missions in places like Fort Meade, investments in lifesaving research at the NIH, and discoveries at NASA. She authored the very first bill that was signed by President Obama, the Lilly Ledbetter law, to give women who faced pay discrimination their day in court. BARBARA MIKULSKI started in politics by fighting a plan to build a highway 
through her beloved neighborhood of Fells Point. She won that fight, and, 40 years later, she is still waging and winning fights for working families. A few years back, when NASA’s scientists discovered a new supernova, they named it Supernova Mikulski, and I know her legacy will always burn bright for Maryland and for our country. Thank you, Senator BARB. 
HONORING SENATOR BARBARA MIKULSKI (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as a Representative from Ohio and as the senior woman in the House, I join my remarks to those of former Congresswoman and now U.S. Senator from Maryland, BARBARA MIKULSKI , in tribute to her incredible service. When I first arrived, she was a Member of this House, and I remember how gracious she was to me. Her background from working class, blue collar America—from a steel town like Baltimore, which has transformed since then—brought the concerns and the passion of someone from the working class. She continued on that road every single day whether she was here on the House side or went to the other body as the longestserving woman in U.S. history. Imagine that. Baltimore is famous for having little steps that people go into their bungalows from, and she took a giant leap. Even though she was probably still one of the shortest Members of Congress physically, she remains one of the tallest women in American history. I think of her when I look at the dome of the Capitol, and I see the woman facing east—the symbol of liberty. She held aloft high not just the flag, but the vision for an America inclusive of all. We wish her Godspeed in the years ahead. I maintain my fond memories of her and of her incredible leadership on every subcommittee on which she served and of the honorable service that she provided not just to the citizens of Maryland, but to our entire country. God bless you, Senator MIKULSKI , your family, your friends, and those who value your service beyond measure. 
THE PENTAGON’S WASTEFUL SPENDING (Mr. DESAULNIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the Pentagon’s $125 billion of wasteful spending exposed this week by The Washington Post. Just this week, Congress allocated hundreds of billions of dollars to fund a military that is larger than the next seven countries’ militaries combined while we are providing a comparatively small sum of money to increase medical research, to educate our youth, and to support our first responders. To then discover that the Pentagon has identified $125 billion in waste underscores our Nation’s misguided priorities. If just 10 percent of that waste were redirected to the National Institutes of Health, cures could be found and lives could be saved. In this year’s defense authorization, $1.5 billion is spent to upgrade an aircraft carrier that the U.S. Navy recommended to retire. Until we press the Pentagon to undergo a rigorous audit, I cannot and will not support their bloated budget request. I share President Eisenhower’s concerns when he said: We must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the militaryindustrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist. f 
A CHRISTMAS GREETING (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week, I had the opportunity to participate in the American Red Cross Holiday Mail for Heroes program, where we sent Christmas cards to servicemembers who are serving far from home this Christmas season. Though it is a seemingly simple gesture of honoring these patriots, it really causes you to reflect on the meaning of Christmas. As John 3:16 states: ‘‘For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life.’’ God sent his son to be born in Bethlehem that first Christmas, bringing great joy to the world—with the shepherds, the wise men, and angels all sharing in the joy and celebrations. Christmas is a time to rejoice as children of God and to continue the tradition of giving, not out of necessity, but out of love. We have so much to be grateful for this year. We are blessed to live in the greatest country in the world, and we owe it all to our brave and courageous men and women who sacrifice so much to safeguard our values. So this Christmas season, in the spirit of giving, I encourage you to take a moment and show your appreciation to those who are serving our Nation both here and abroad, as well as their families here at home, and our law enforcement who have to work these times as well. May their service and sacrifice always be appreciated. Merry Christmas. 
SALUTING REVEREND T.R. WILLIAMS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to salute a wonderful pastor, the Reverend Dr. T.R. Williams, who is celebrating and commemorating 50 years of preaching. His commitment and dedication to the special Word and the word of his faith is to be commended, but he is also a trained businessman. He is also a person who believes in his flock and that they are number one. I have enjoyed worshipping with Pastor T.R. Williams over the years. He is an orator, a pastor, a nurturer, a counselor, but, most of all, a friend—a friend to the members of his great church and a friend to many young pastors and others alike. He is admired by his fellow clergymen. They respect him for his love of God’s Word. I am so grateful to have known him. Just a few weeks ago, his congregation honored him with a gigantic celebration at the Stafford Centre because he is deserving of such. Pastor Williams, it is my privilege and pleasure to be able to salute you and to say ‘‘thank you’’ for your service, because, when you serve in the Lord’s Name, you serve this Nation. Might I also thank all of those who have served in the United States military, wherever they may be this season. This is a season of blessings, and I wish for everyone in this great Nation blessings during this wonderful and very special season. Happy holidays to all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the members of my staff who have served me and the people of Delaware over the past 6 years. Many of them have gathered in the gallery above us, and I welcome them to hear these remarks. I tell them all the time that we have the best jobs in the world, and they have done incredible work on behalf of the people of our State and our country. During my 6 years as Delaware’s lone Member of Congress, I have been enormously privileged to work with such a great team. We have become like family. Whether they are cheering me on at the Congressional Baseball Game or they are working a weekend Coffee with Your Congressman, I know they have always got my back, and I could not have done my job for the people of my State without them. 
I would like to thank each of them individually for their contributions to our team and to our State. My chief of staff, Sheila Grant, has guided and counseled me all the 6 years of my time here. Her honesty and candor have consistently steered me in the right direction, and I have appreciated greatly her sense of humor. b1500 My State director, Molly Magarik, has not only an incredible ability to understand complex problems but, more importantly, she comes up with solutions to fix them. She is a huge asset to me and to the people of Delaware. My deputy State director, Albert Shields, has stood by me since the beginning, going back to my days as Lieutenant Governor. His knowledge of Delaware and his work ethic are unmatched. I am grateful for the work of our team in Delaware. Kristy Huxhold has kept the trains running on time and the office humming for both former Congressman Mike Castle and for me. Nicole Pender keeps our office plugged in to local issues and shepherds local nonprofits and governments through the maze of Federal grant applications. Joe Bryant helps our constituents navigate the challenging landscape of Federal benefits, all while serving as a member of the Delaware National Guard. Sarah Venables is the queen of constituent service, who is loved by all, and is a tenacious and effective champion for our veterans. Annie Gallagher, a longtime friend who formerly worked for Senator Roth, we had to bring her out of retirement twice to help us with Medicare and Social Security, which she gets better than anyone I know. Drew Slater has done a tremendous job as my eyes and ears in Kent and Sussex Counties and may love the State Fair even more than I do. Larry Morris, my longtime friend whose dedication to the city of Wilmington and its youth is unmatched. And Read Scott, who helps me stay in touch with my constituents and directs people through the confusing worlds of the IRS and health care. Each one of these individuals has put in countless hours on behalf of Delaware. I have been lucky to have them on my team. In my Washington office, Elizabeth Connolly has worked for me since before she even graduated from Smith College. I am extremely grateful for her loyalty and her dedication to our work on financial services and other issues. Francesca Amodeo overcame her roots as a nonDelawarean—and that is hard to do in my office—to become one of our State’s biggest cheerleaders and to help me become an effective communicator. Connor Hamburg, a true Blue Hen, has an unbridled passion for southern Delaware and agricultural policy that can’t help but make you smile. Gita Miller and Betsey Coulbourn have helped me share my view with Delawareans and respond to one of the largest constituencies in the whole House of Representatives. Lastly, our staff assistant, Elena Kochnowicz, and her recent predecessor, Brannock Furey, have done everything under the sun. From Capitol tours to greeting visitors with a smiling face, both Elena and Brannock have been crucial to our operation. In addition to our current staff, I would also like to thank the many dedicated folks who have worked for me in previous years. Doug Gramiak first served as chief of staff during my time as Lieutenant Governor and later as my State director. He has been a valued friend and confidant ever since. Doug got our office up and running 6 years ago and played a critical role during my first years in Congress. I would also like to recognize my first chief of staff here in Washington, Elizabeth Hart. Elizabeth worked for me for 5 years and built a solid foundation from the start. She showed me the ropes here in D.C., and her knowledge and experience was invaluable to me and to our office. Lastly, I would like to thank all our former staff in Delaware and here in the District: Cerron Cade, Bob Stickels, Gail Seitz, Sam Hodas, Justin German, Craig Radcliffe, Natasha Babiarz, Mary Williams, Katie Paisley, James Allen, Jenny Kane, Matt Pincus, and Steve Carfagno. I will always remember our time together and will never forget their hard work on behalf of the people of Delaware and myself. Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor to have served alongside this team, from making sure constituents receive the Federal benefits they deserve, to crafting legislative policy that addresses the needs of our State. Each of these individuals has worked tirelessly on behalf of Delawareans, and I want to publicly thank them today for their dedication to the people of our great State. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CELEBRATING INDIANA’S BICENTENNIAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to stand before the Chamber today and talk about one of my favorite subjects and one of the favorite subjects of all the speakers who are going to appear before this floor in the next hour. And that is the State of Indiana and, in particular, the fact that, as a very proud State which has offered so much to this Nation, we are celebrating our 200th anniversary since admission to the Union. It has been the highest honor of my life to serve Indiana in public office, and, I know for all the speakers today, it has been the same for them. We have a lot to talk about in very few minutes, if you consider it. So I would like to get right to introducing some of my colleagues who are here to celebrate the bicentennial of the State of Indiana. The first being one of my good friends, Mr. TODDYOUNG from Indiana’s Ninth Congressional District. He has represented that district since 2010. He is an amazing young leader. And last month, he was made our Senatorelect to serve in the next Chamber, and we look forward to working with him. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. I thank the gentleman for yielding. It has been a privilege serving with him in the House on behalf of the people of Indiana. I look forward to our continued work together. I am just so grateful for our delegation and the leadership it exhibited on behalf of the State. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Indiana’s bicentennial celebration. Much of our State’s great history emanated from a little town in Indiana’s Ninth Congressional District, which I have had the honor and privilege of representing for the last 6 years. The town is Corydon. It is located in Harrison County, which is on the banks of the Ohio River. In 1816, James Madison, our then President, signed an enabling act to explore the possibility of statehood for Indiana. Soon after, in June of 1816, 43 delegates congregated across the territory. They came to descend on Corydon, and their purpose was to draft our State’s first constitution. Much of the delegates’ work was done under the shade of a large elm tree, known by all of those in our delegation, and known by so many Hoosiers and even people outside of the State today, as the Constitution Elm. That tree still stands, and Indiana is still going strong. Our Constitution set the table for the State’s first election in August of that year, where Jonathan Jennings was elected our Governor. In November, Governor Jennings and Indiana’s newly elected representatives met in the new capitol building, which is a beautiful building. And the intention there was to commence the State’s first general assembly session. Their work resulted in Indiana formally being admitted as the country’s 19th State in December of 1816. Corydon would serve as the State’s capital until 1825, when the State’s government was then moved to Indianapolis, where it remains today, centrally in the State. Now, Corydon also served as the site of Indiana’s only battle during the Civil War. The attack was a part of Morgan’s Raid, as confederate troops descended across the Ohio River under the leadership of confederate General John Hunt Morgan. He moved across parts of Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, and 
Tennessee in 1863. It was a small militia of Hoosiers who met Morgan’s confederates, and that skirmish is still celebrated today. So Corydon’s importance to our State’s history can’t be highlighted enough, but it is one area on the map, one very important area on the map of the State of Indiana. There are so many other important towns, cities, and Hoosiers that I know will be highlighted and accentuated in the course of this celebration here on the floor of the U.S. House. I commend my colleague, TODD ROKITA , for shining a bright light on our celebration of 200 years. I look forward to continuing to celebrate Indiana’s bicentennial with Hoosiers, celebrating the rich history which our State has followed, and celebrating all the good years we know will come. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman for his service. I look forward to working with him in the future. I thank him for honoring our great State and for his service to our country. Indiana has had a long and proud history, acting as a leader in many crucial fields and enriching the history of our Nation overall. Hoosiers have helped give us everything from airplanes to penicillin and insulin and even walked the first steps on the Moon. Both Wilbur Wright and Eli Lilly hailed from Indiana and permanently altered the course of human history for the better. Neil Armstrong attended Purdue University, which I am proud to say is in Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District. Purdue University is one of the top engineering schools in the country and has been a leader in fighting against rising tuition costs, one of the most important issues facing this Congress and the next and, actually, the next generation of students entirely. Our State is lucky, however, in that Purdue is hardly the only outstanding higher education option available. I, myself, am a proud alumnus of two Indiana colleges and universities, Wabash College and the Indiana School of Law. We fight hard to be an education partner for all Hoosiers and all our institutions, and that includes the entire delegation, whether Republican or Democrat. In that vein, Mr. Speaker, I will recognize another distinguished Hoosier and member of our delegation, Representative LARRY BUCSHON . He is a doctor by trade. He practiced, and practiced well, the profession his entire adult life, starting in the United States Navy, and now represents Indiana’s Eighth Congressional District. Indiana couldn’t be prouder of Representative BUCSHON and what he brings not only to the Energy and Commerce Committee but to this very floor every day that we are in session. With that, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ). Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROKITA from the Fourth District for yielding and for putting together this Special Order on behalf of our State. You know, Indiana boasts two of America’s Presidents and now eight Vice Presidents. We are the home of Hoosier hysteria, a great basketball tradition, and the greatest spectacle in racing, the Indianapolis 500. We love our breaded pork tenderloins and our sugar cream pie. We have the sixth largest National Guard in the Nation, made up of over 13,000 Hoosiers that has defended this country in wars, from the Battle of Tippecanoe to World War II to the global war on terror. Most importantly, Indiana is home to the most humble, generous, compassionate, and hardworking citizens in our country. And our great State—all 6.5 million Hoosiers—is now celebrating 200 years. I want to take a minute to briefly highlight a few of the things specific to the Eighth Congressional District in Indiana. This year, my annual art competition for high school students focused on celebrating Indiana to commemorate the Hoosier State’s bicentennial. We had a lot of creative submissions from talented students across southern Indiana and Wabash Valley. The winning art piece recognized the 100year anniversary of Bosse Field in Evansville, a baseball field. Bosse Field is the third oldest ballpark in the country and is still in regular use for professional baseball. It was also featured in the popular film in 1991, ‘‘A League of Their Own.’’ A lot of that was filmed at Bosse Field in Evansville, Indiana. I am also proud to say that communities in Indiana’s Eighth Congressional District were exceptionally involved in the Bicentennial Legacy Project. The Bicentennial Legacy Project showcases the best of Indiana to promote and support important community projects and programs across the State. It is really the best of the best for what the Hoosier State has to offer. b1515 There are nearly 300 officially sanctioned bicentennial legacy projects undertaken in counties and communities in the Eighth Congressional District. The Eighth District is also home to premier places of historic, cultural, and natural significance. Lyles Station in Gibson County is a small farming community that was an original settlement of freed slaves nearly 200 years ago. Lyles Station is highlighted nationally at the Smithsonian Institution’s new National Museum of African American History and Culture. Vincennes in Knox County was established in 1801 as Indiana’s first city. It served as our territorial capital and was a key player in the American Revolution. It is also home to George Rogers Clark National Historic Park and President William Henry Harrison’s Grouseland, his home when he was Governor of the Indiana Territory. New Harmony in Posey County was first established as a communal utopian society and later a center for knowledge and science. Spencer County is the home of President Abraham Lincoln as a youth and a young man and is home to Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial. We have a strong German Catholic heritage in southwest Indiana with Saint Meinrad Archabbey in Spencer County and Monastery Immaculate Conception in Dubois County. Indiana’s Eighth District is also home to Naval Support Activity Crane, the U.S. Navy’s third largest installation in the entire world. Last week, the base celebrated its 75th anniversary. In 1915, the Root Glass Company developed the very first CocaCola bottle in Terre Haute, Indiana. That is one for the trivia question book: Where was the first CocaCola bottle designed and made? It was made in Terre Haute, Indiana. That bottle has now become an iconic, worldrecognized brand. Of course, we have Hoosier National Forest, which takes up a good portion of the southern area of my State, which is home to a lot of activities that Hoosiers enjoy with the great outdoors, along with Patoka River National Wildlife Refuge near Oakland City, Indiana, and it serves the same purpose. Of course, we have the worldfamous Santa Claus postmark. Santa Claus, Indiana, every year at Christmas has literally tens of thousands of boxes of Christmas cards sent to Santa Claus so they can have the unique postmark from Santa Claus, Indiana, that is usually designed by a local student in a competition. They pick that, and every year around Christmastime I get the pleasure to go over to Santa Claus to the post office and postmark some of those Christmas cards myself. In manufacturing, everything from noodles to nuclear components are made in the Eighth District of Indiana. We are also a principal supplier of the world’s agricultural products. As you can see, Indiana’s Eighth Congressional District has a rich history, and I am proud to represent this area. It is an honor and a privilege to serve with all of my Hoosier colleagues. Thank you again, Representative ROKITA , for putting this together. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman. I quickly want to turn our attention and yield to the gentleman from Indianapolis, Mr. ANDRE´CARSON . He represents Indiana’s Seventh Congressional District. Like us all, he is a fierce advocate for the different communities in his district. Additionally, Andre´and I both serve on the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I think that is an important position to have when the motto of your State is ‘‘Crossroads of America.’’ Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Congressman ROKITA , who has done a great job at representing his constituents, and we appreciate him for assembling a great body of Hoosiers from all across the great State of Indiana. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate a milestone in Indiana’s history, the bicentennial of our great State. For the past 200 years, Indiana has stood as a beacon of opportunity for millions of Hoosiers who came to the State to make a better life for themselves and their families. Indiana’s history stems from our earliest Native American inhabitants. In fact, the State’s name literally means ‘‘land of the Indians.’’ Early settlers befriended Native Americans as they came from New York in the Northeast, Kentucky in the South, and Ohio in the Midwest. They settled across a geography as varied as Indiana’s people, stretching from rolling hills in southern Brown County to flat and sandy in the north along the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore. These influences created a melting pot of influences that remain today. Over the past 200 years, Mr. Speaker, Indiana has been home to countless colorful and transformative figures like the Jackson 5, Larry Bird, John Cougar Mellencamp, Dan Quayle, Babyface, Mike Epps, and countless others. But more than any individual, Mr. Speaker, when folks think of Indiana, they think of racing, they think of basketball. In fact, the great Hoosier State is credited with the origin of high school basketball. Our college teams are some of the most consistently successful in the country, and the enthusiasm surrounding the sport is unmatched. In my hometown of Indianapolis, we are proud to have hosted the Indianapolis 500 for 100 eventful years. The Indianapolis Motor Speedway has long been the world’s gold standard for race tracks, hosting some of the most historic races and prompting countless innovations. But what makes Indiana so special is not what most people think of first, Mr. Speaker. It is not a historical figure or a notable accomplishment. What makes Indiana great is the type of people who live there. Hoosiers have truly built America. Students at our world class universities have spawned creative businesses and grown our economy across the country. Our workers have built millions of automobiles, created lifesaving medicines, and advanced sports to new levels. Our farmers feed America and the entire world. We joke about how friendly and welcoming Hoosiers are. Living in Indiana, you don’t always recognize it, but coming here to Washington, D.C., has made me realize how real Hoosier hospitality is, unlike a lot of D.C. I am talking about Capitol Hill. I am not talking about the rest of D.C.; they are great people. Staffers are great here, too. But Hoosiers care about people. We want to make them feel welcome, and we want to help them when we can. The Hoosiers we see today who grew up in a State built by all of those before us are the reason that this bicentennial is so special. I can’t imagine a better place to live, Mr. Speaker, and I am proud to call Indiana home. I am proud that I grew up there and that my daughter will, too; and representing this wonderful State in Congress continues to be a tremendous honor. Happy birthday, Indiana. May our next 200 years be as full of history, innovation, and achievement as our past 200. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CARSON for his words. You will recall he mentioned the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Here is a great picture of it, circa about, I would say, late 1980s, just part of our heritage that we will be sharing here over the next hour. When I was last commenting about the great Hoosier State here at this podium, I talked about Hoosier schools. Hoosier places of higher learning have also become major players in the sports world, winning national championships and creating some fierce, yet fun, rivalries. For example, in Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District there is both DePauw University and Wabash College. They face off every year in the iconic Monon Bell game. It has been going on for over 100 years. As Wabash men, I don’t think there is any question whom Representative MESSER and myself root for, but that is just another example of the great Hoosier spirit in the Monon Bell game. Focusing on Purdue University again for just a second, I want to yield some time to a great Member of this body who is also retiring this year. Mr. KURT CLAWSON of Florida is no longer a resident, of course, of Indiana, but he was at one time, helping lead Purdue’s basketball team to untold heights. At this time, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON). Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROKITA for those kind words and for his friendship and support and his flexibility in this House. There are very few people like him, and I will miss him. The first thing I have to say today is Boiler Up, Mr. Speaker, Boiler Up. I am from Florida. I proudly represent southwest Florida that I love so much, but I went to high school and college in Indiana; so part of me will always be from Indiana and I will always love the State and its wonderful people. In 1976, my dad moved the family of 7 kids to southeastern Indiana from the South, and we went to a small town in southeastern Indiana called Batesville, kind of a typical town of 4,000 or 5,000 people, typical hotbed of basketball and shooters, with wellknown sports names in the area, like Paul Ehrman, the cochairman, going into the Indiana Baseball Hall of Fame next year, Ace Moorman, Dave Galle, among other basketball and sports greats in southern Indiana. My parents immediately loved the Indiana culture that we were exposed to in Batesville, best summarized by words of my dad who would say something like this: Work hard; don’t complain; put the group, the team, and the family first; go to church on Sunday; actually kneel down and pray; and show a little humility. Right, Dad? Eventually, trying to do as best I could to follow my father’s counsel, I went to Purdue to play for the College Hall of Fame coach, Coach Gene Keady, and I have to tell you how much of an honor that was and a memorable experience in my life. Before continuing on a little bit about Coach Keady, I want to compliment our current president at Purdue, the former Governor of Indiana, Mitch Daniels, who moves our university into the future with a new business model of innovation and leadership. President Mitch is a leader who is not afraid of change, and I admire that because, without change, tomorrow you lose. But back to Coach Keady. Our senior year, Mr. Vitale on TV picked our team last because we had lost our best player to the NBA draft. I went to Coach Keady’s office before the season as one of his senior captains, and I asked him: Coach, how do you feel about this team? Do you believe we are going to be last? He said: No, we are not going to be last. I asked: How do you know, Coach? How do you know? He said: Because I like my locker room. I asked: What does that mean? He said: I know you all are going to listen to me, and you will follow what I say. I know you will share the ball, and I know you will outwork the competition. Well, of course, Coach was right. We went from being picked last to winning the Big 10. Coach Keady’s first of six Big 10 championships in 25 years at Purdue, four consensus national coach of the year, six national coach of the year in one media, service, or another, and, importantly, in 25 years at Purdue, a winning record against the coach down in Bloomington. I want to honor Coach Keady today, and I want to end by thanking our president at Purdue University, Mitch Daniels. I honor and admire Coach Keady for what he has accomplished. Most of all, I want to thank Coach Keady for his loyalty to me. My last game was bad. I have to live with that forever, but for 30 years now, I have lived in his umbrella of love and loyalty. He has always been there for me, and I honor him for that. I appreciate his loyalty as the last important lesson of so many that he taught me. Happy birthday to our wonderful State of Indiana and our wonderful people with our basic cultures of believing in God and treating one another with love and respect. b1530 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for those excellent words. I can’t believe the last game he played at Purdue University 
was all that bad, but we will go back to the tapes and look. Either way, it is now part of our wonderful Hoosier history. There are, of course, quite a few other notable sporting events in Indiana. ANDRE´CARSON spoke of one of them, and that is one that can’t be rivaled. That is called the ‘‘greatest spectacle in racing.’’ I just recently had a picture of the speedway up here on the floor. The Indianapolis 500 celebrated its 100th running earlier this year and continues Indiana’s storied history with automobiles, which began in the late 1800s when Elwood Haynes, the ‘‘father of the automobile’’ developed his horseless carriage in Kokomo, Indiana. Kokomo, Indiana is in Howard County. It as a county—and Kokomo as a city— has a great, wonderful, rich automative history, and history in other respects as well. It is an honor for me to be able to share that county with one of our great members from the Indiana delegation, an accomplished leader, an accomplished lady who has done wonderful things throughout her professional career and in this House continues to lead the way, most recently by being chosen as our next chairwoman of the House Ethics Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), my friend from the Fifth Congressional District. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of our home State’s bicentennial. I want to thank the gentleman from Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District for organizing this very meaningful celebration of our State’s 200 years. I want to thank him for his leadership here in the House, representing not only the Fourth District, but all Hoosiers so very proudly, and in your time as secretary of state, where you served throughout our State. I really appreciate the fact that you and your staff put the time and effort in to making these last minutes on the House floor possible as we close out the 114th Congress. I want to specifically highlight a little bit of the history of the Fifth District, which I represent, but more importantly, how that history informs, inspires, and ignites our future. Since we became a State in 1816, Indiana has transformed again and again, growing and evolving into the strong and thriving State it is today. I want to talk with you about Conner Prairie in my district. Conner Prairie has grown up with the State. What started as a log cabin in the early 1800s by the White River has grown into a stately brick home that has served as the seat of early Hamilton County government. It is now an interactive history museum and park, and recently it has been recognized as the only Smithsonian affiliate in Indiana. It is a leading innovator in the history museum field, with more than 360,000 visitors each year. In 1800, William Conner settled in Indiana to become a fur trader. He and his Lenape Indian spouse and their six children lived in that first log cabin on the property. In 1818, Conner played a pivotal role as interpreter and liaison for the Treaty of St. Mary’s, in which the Delaware Tribe ceded lands in central Indiana for those west of the Mississippi River. The Lenape Tribe, including Conner’s wife and children, left Indiana, but Conner decided to stay. In 1823, he and his second wife, Elizabeth, built a beautiful brick home on a hill overlooking land that came to be known as Conner Prairie. This home served as the seat of Hamilton County government and the local post office in the early days of the county’s founding. In 1934, Colonel Eli Lilly, then the president of the pharmaceutical company that he founded, which remains today in Indianapolis, Indiana, purchased Conner Prairie and the old brick home in hopes of restoring it and opening it to the public. Lilly believed that history and its preservation were cornerstones of American democracy. He wanted Conner Prairie to be a place where people could connect with their history and see their heritage brought to life. Little did he realize that his idea would be so vividly brought to life in modern day Conner Prairie. Growing from the site of occasional historical reenactments, Conner Prairie blossomed into a living history museum that transports visitors back to the Hoosier frontier and invites them to see life in Indiana in 1836. Prairietown, an immersive exhibit where people, animals, buildings, objects, and daily routines remain just as they were 180 years ago, was just the beginning. In addition to the Prairietown exhibit, Conner Prairie has expanded its historical experience to now include an 1859 Balloon Voyage—the gentleman from Indiana’s Fourth District, who loves to fly, I hope he has tried the balloon voyage; it is really remarkable—as well as an 1863 Civil War Journey and a Lenape Indian Camp. In addition, visitors to Conner Prairie today can see how innovations in math, science, technology, and engineering have shaped our history, and how these vital and growing industries will shape our State’s future and are shaping the State of Indiana. Students and children can build planes, create an electrical circuit or radio, construct a windmill, or invent their own products, which they then attempt to patent. I agree with Colonel Lilly that history is a cornerstone of our democracy. I believe that Conner Prairie is an incredible realization of the idea that history plays a pivotal role in our future. In fact, Conner Prairie, William Conner, and the Conner family is one of the reasons that we named our son Conner and why we spell his name with an ‘‘e.’’ In fact, he happens to be in the balcony of the Chamber today. I am very pleased that he is here with us to learn more about our State’s incredible history and the history of his own name. The brick house that Colonel Lilly purchased in the 1930s still stands, and its renovation was an Indiana Bicentennial Project. As Indiana celebrates its bicentennial and in the many years to come, the many places just like Conner Prairie will always help Hoosiers find their heritage, understand our history, and, most importantly, ignite the future. Happy birthday to Indiana and all Hoosiers. Mr. ROKITA. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s leadership in the Fifth District and throughout Indiana. It is just another example of, frankly, how we believe our State is great. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. STUTZMAN ), from the Third Congressional District, who not only served in this Chamber, but also in Indiana’s statehouse, first as a State representative and later as a State senator. He is a farmer from the northeast part of our State. He brings with him to this House and to his future endeavors a robust knowledge and practice of our State’s best traditions and history. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Indiana. It is great to be here on the floor with my colleagues from the Indiana delegation as we celebrate our bicentennial in Indiana. I also find it an honor that we get to be one of the last groups here on the floor discussing an issue here in this Congress, as we have wrapped up our business earlier today. I just want to thank Mr. ROKITA , Mrs. BROOKS , Mr. M ESSER , and others that I see here—Mr. BUCSHON was here earlier—whom I count it an honor and privilege to serve with. This will be my last speech on the floor as I end my time here in Congress and look forward to going back home to Indiana again. So I come with some mixed emotions, frankly, but also very excited about what is in store for you all, what is in store for Indiana, what is in store for our country, as I have had the privilege to serve Indiana’s Third Congressional District for these past 6 years. I know that, just as you all feel, we feel very privileged to be Hoosiers. Indiana is oftentimes thought of to be that flyover State in from the East Coast to the West Coast or vice versa; but so many wonderful things are happening in Indiana that we are proud of and that we feel, especially at this time as our own Governor, the Vice Presidentelect, Mike Pence, who has been our Governor for the last 4 years in Indiana, is showing and exhibiting the good policies, the good nature, the humbleness, the character and integrity that so many Hoosiers display on a daily basis. So I think that, as I leave, I am looking forward to watching you all continue to face some difficult challenges, 
but with a lot of opportunity in front of us. I know that Hoosiers all across our State and Americans are looking for leadership. I know that we have seen that in Indiana with our former Governor, Mitch Daniels. It was great to see our colleague, Mr. CLAWSON , here earlier, who is also going to be departing after this Congress. We have such great history. Of course, our sports history is one that we love to talk about and brag about. I also want to recognize my family: my wife Christy, and our sons, Payton and Preston. Payton, of course, was named after a football player in Indianapolis. He was one of those kids in Indiana that was named Peyton during a great streak by Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts. We have got such great ownership, great leaders in Indianapolis and across the country with the teams that we are proud of in Indiana, the Colts and Pacers. We have got a great college tradition. You turn on ESPN and you see, of course, Indiana basketball, Purdue basketball, Notre Dame. Valparaiso always ends up in the tournament at the end of the year it seems like. Of course, there are other teams that continue to exhibit that tradition that we have in Indiana of great basketball. Of course, our high school basketball is like no other State has. There is something really remarkable about high school basketball in Indiana. I also just want to quickly recognize a friend that happens to be here. Randy Lewandowski, who is the president of the Indianapolis Indians, our baseball team in Indiana. It is a AAA affiliate of the Pittsburgh Pirates. He just happens to be in town, and I am proud of the work that he does to bring great baseball to our city and to our State. I am proud of the folks like Randy that work so hard to make Indiana a great place to live. Of course, our racing is also such a proud sport for us in Indiana. More importantly than all of that, look at the hardworking Hoosiers on a daily basis who go to work every day, whether it is in the factories, whether it is in the trucking industry. We are known as the crossroads of America. You have distribution centers all across the State. You think of the teachers that do such a remarkable job in teaching our children. As you get to know people across the State of Indiana, I have become just more and more proud to be called a Hoosier, have the opportunity to represent them, and to know that we all love life. We love liberty. We want to continue to protect the ability to pursue happiness as Americans. We know that life is difficult, life has challenges, but working together and working hard, keeping our head down and facing those challenges together as communities, as a State, and as a country, we can be successful. As we celebrate our bicentennial, I just know that Indiana has done so much for me and my family. I want to thank my parents, Albert and Sarah Stutzman; my brothers, Matt and Chris; and my sister, Lynette; and their families for the support that they have given to me in the time that I have had the opportunity to serve here. I know there are so many families across our State that support one another and are working to make life better not only for themselves, but for their families. b1545 Indiana also has the fourth largest National Guard in the country. We have, of course, Texas, California, and New York, but Indiana is one of the largest national guards in the country. And I think that shows the level of commitment that Hoosiers have been willing to sacrifice, to commit to the defense and security of this country. I appreciate many of our leaders in our State that have led a National Guard to show that we are willing to do our part and to help lead the way. As I think of traveling across the State, there are so many different parts of Indiana that we are so proud to have as part of our State. So I would just say to anyone listening and watching this, as we talk about our beloved Indiana, if you ever get a chance to visit, there is so much to do and see and enjoy, the nature, from top to bottom, from Lake Michigan in the northwest to the Ohio Valley in the southern part of the State, the beautiful farmland, and the rolling hills in the southern part of Indiana. We just have such tremendous tradition and, of course, the values that we all hold very dearly and know that we want to do our part to not only make Indiana great but to continue to make America great as well. So with that, Mr. ROKITA , I really appreciate the opportunity, and I thank the gentleman for putting this time together as we reflect on our great State. I want to wish him the very best and the rest of our colleagues the very best as well in the future; and know that folks across this country can look to the gentleman for solid leadership, and appreciate all that he does. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, a lot has been talked about already from Indiana’s manufacturing prowess to our agricultural richness, to our own rich history. I want to focus just a little bit before yielding to my good friend, Mr. MESSER , to talk a little bit about Indiana’s agricultural history. It is in the top 10 in the Nation in agricultural sales, with over $11 billion in those sales. The agricultural industry creates good Hoosier jobs and provides our Nation with an array of products, from corn to soybeans to hogs and poultry, and you just have to go a few miles in any direction on any one of our roads to know that, by looking out your window. In fact, Indiana has so many agricultural products that there are six times as many chickens in the State than people. My district, in particular, has produced several major agricultural innovations. The town of Kokomo, that I mentioned earlier, is known as the ‘‘City of Firsts,’’ due to the many products invented there, including both the first canned tomato juice and the first mechanical corn picker, which revolutionized the farming of one of Indiana’s most important crops. Indiana is specifically one of the Nation’s second largest producers of popcorn. And while that definitely helps us all enjoy trips to the movies, Indiana’s contributions to the entertainment field have not stopped there. Famous Hoosiers, as ANDRE´CARSON  mentioned, such as John Mellencamp, Axl Rose, James Dean, and the King of Pop himself, Michael Jackson, have all made their mark on our Nation, providing us with memorable songs and iconic movies, while never forgetting where they came from. Another great Hoosier who hasn’t forgotten where he has come from is my good friend representing the Sixth District of Indiana, which includes Columbus, Muncie, and Richmond, and that is Mr. LUKEMESSER . He and I both went to Wabash College together, and, as I mentioned earlier, we know who we rooted for at the Monon Bell game. I yield to the gentleman from Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District, Mr. LUKEMESSER . Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for organizing today’s celebration of Indiana’s 200th birthday. I thank him for his distinguished little giant career at Wabash College and all of his service to our great State. It is an exciting time to be a Hoosier any year, but it is a pretty big birthday coming up this year when, on December 11, 2016, we will be celebrating our State’s 200th birthday—200 years since Indiana became our Nation’s 19th State. I am holding this basketball because when you think about Indiana, you can’t help but think about basketball. And my district, Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District, has a couple of pretty important distinguishing factors in Indiana’s great history as a basketball State. First, the Milan Indians, the great Milan Indians team that were the 1954 State champions that showed that our singleclass basketball, the small little engine that could, can win a State title, that is from Ripley County in the middle of my State. And then the Knightstown gym, where the movie ‘‘Hoosiers’’ was filmed, is also in Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District. I am going to throw a chest pass of this basketball over to my colleagues from Indiana, where we will show you can catch it. Here you go, Mr. BUCSHON . Let the Record show he caught the ball, all right, showing he is a Hoosier. Bring the House to order, as MARLIN  said. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CLAWSON of Florida). The House will be in order. Mr. MESSER. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. This Sunday, we celebrate two centuries of statehood, history, tradition, and accomplishment in Indiana. We Hoosiers have a great deal to be proud of in our State, and in the Sixth District that I represent. The Sixth District is home to renowned architecture, historical landmarks, beautiful parks, and famous Americans. The Wright brothers spent part of their childhood in our corner of Indiana. Wilbur was born in Millville, and Orville first took up kite building in Richmond, Indiana. Richmond was also the home to Gennett Records, where some of the earliest jazz recordings were ever produced in the late 1910s and early 1920s, earning Richmond the nickname of the ‘‘cradle of recorded jazz.’’ David Letterman attended school at Ball State University in Muncie, as did Jim Davis, who is famous for the ‘‘Garfield’’ cartoon. Hancock County in the Sixth District is the home of the famed Hoosier poet, James Whitcomb Riley, who wrote, among other things, ‘‘Little Orphant Annie.’’ Columbus is known for beautiful architecture and for being the home of the oldest theater in the State, The Crump Theater, built in 1889 by John Crump. A centuriesold tree grows atop the Decatur County Courthouse Tower, giving Greensburg, my hometown where I grew up, the nickname ‘‘Tree City.’’ Famous Hoosiers from the Sixth District include Vice President Thomas Hendricks, from my adopted hometown of Shelbyville, where my kids began our family’s life, together with my wife, Jennifer; threetime Indianapolis 500 winner Wilbur Shaw; racecar driver Tony Stewart, from Columbus; Shelbyville basketball player Bill Garrett; actresses Joyce DeWitt and Jamie Hyneman; cinema and television pioneer Francis Jenkins; and the list goes on. We have also had two Governors hail from our part of the State, Oliver Morton, and current Governor, Mike Pence. Now the Sixth District will be lucky enough to claim another Vice President, Vice Presidentelect, and former Sixth District Congressman, Mike Pence, who we are all very proud of. In fact, I am so proud of our State, and I don’t know that the gentleman would know this—I know at least one of our colleagues were surprised to learn—but my wife, Jennifer, and I actually wrote a book about this great State of Indiana called, ‘‘Hoosier Heart.’’ It is a book that celebrates the history and traditions of our State, the people, its places. I am just going to read the sort of closing passage of this book as I wrap up my comments today. The book closes this way: The word ‘‘Hoosier’’ is a mystery. No one knows where it comes from for sure. Some say it was a pioneer greeting. The gentleman here says, Whose year? Others say someone once lost an ear, and this young guy asks, Whose ear? But whatever a Hoosier used to be, we all know what a Hoosier is today. A Hoosier is someone with Indiana roots, someone who loves our State in every way. Hoosiers come in all shapes and sizes, all races, and all creeds. Some Hoosiers don’t even live in our State. Over time, some Hoosiers do leave. But wherever Hoosiers now live, they are never far apart because the key to being a Hoosier is having a big Hoosier heart. 
Happy birthday, Indiana. Mr. ROKITA. Reclaiming my time, it is a great book, as my family knows as well, and excellent words from the gentleman from Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District. Throughout this all, Indiana’s Fourth Congressional District has more than done its part in adding to our State’s rich history. The Battle of Tippecanoe, for example, which put Indiana on the path to statehood, took place in modernday Lafayette, and gained recognition for General William Henry Harrison, who would go on to become our ninth President. The Fourth District is also home to the first Indiana State Flag, pictured here. This is from about—this was 1916, when our flag design was—this flag design was awarded the honor of becoming our official flag. It was created by Paul Hadley, of Mooresville, in Indiana’s Fourth District, for a contest during our State’s first Centennial celebration. Our district is also home to many important landmarks. Boone County Courthouse has the largest 1piece limestone columns in the country. Newton County is home to 23 bison, our State animal. And Benton and White Counties have one of the largest windmill farms in the Nation. This is just a small sample of the great parts of our State and district, and our bicentennial celebration has done a fantastic job of highlighting these and many others over the past 12 months. I have even had the pleasure of participating in several of the events, like many of my colleagues have, including selecting a bicentennialthemed entry as the winner for our office’s Congressional Art Competition, and serving as torchbearer for the torch relay. The relay saw the bicentennial torch, designed and made by Purdue students, travel through each of our 92 counties over the course of several weeks, and highlighted both the unique history and the places in each part of our State and the common bond that makes all of us Hoosiers. I served as a torchbearer in Fountain County, and was very impressed by the high turnout and enthusiasm. At a time in this Nation’s life when it is hard to get members of a particular place to act like a community because of so many different distractions and diversions and how technology has entered our lives, it was humbling, sobering, but very prideful to see thousands of people in a relatively small county come together for such an event as to see a torch going by and being passed along by the county courthouse. The Hoosiers, I saw, were wellprepared for the event and were not going to let a little bit of rain keep them from coming out and celebrating towns and their counties and, most of all, our wonderful State. The event itself helped to remind me of the most important and unique part of our State, and that is the people. Hoosiers are kind and gracious people who take pride in their work and in their State. They have been the secret to our State’s 200 years of success. Now, this Sunday’s final bicentennial event is entitled ‘‘Igniting the Future,’’ and it is my belief and hope that it will inspire our next generation of Hoosier leaders to continue this record of accomplishment, and never forget about what makes this State and our country so exceptional, exceptional with a capital E. Myself, and my colleagues here from Indiana, look forward to working with these future leaders and ensuring the success of our State for another 200 years. Mr. Speaker, before yielding back, I would like to yield to the gentleman from Evansville, Mr. LARRY BUCSHON . Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I want to use some of the last time that we have to honor a great Hoosier. I know others will have comments and, today, as we recognize Indiana’s 200th birthday, it is also important to acknowledge the contribution of one of those who has made an indelible mark on our shared history. Without a doubt, one of those people is a man who delivered his final speech from the Senate floor this past week with a heartfelt message about preserving the freedoms that make this country so great. Senator DANCOATS exemplifies what it means to be a public servant. He has dedicated his life to improving the lives of his fellow citizens. He served his country in the United States Army; he has spent time in both the U.S. House and the United States Senate; he served as an Ambassador to Germany, assuming that role just 3 days prior to the tragic attacks on September 11, 2001. After this distinguished career, Senator COATS answered the call to serve his fellow citizens once again in the United States Senate, where he has been a national leader on reducing Federal spending, fixing our economy, and keeping our Nation safe and secure. And a little personal story. I was a cardiovascular surgeon prior to coming to Congress. And when I spend time at events with Senator COATS , he always likes to tell everyone he feels very comfortable because, if he has a heart problem, Congressman BUCSHON will 
pick up a butter knife or something and fix him up right there on the spot. b1600 It is a really humorous story that I enjoy his telling every time we are together at an event. Senator COATS has a great sense of humor. While his time in the Senate has come to an end, I am also confident he will continue to be a voice and an advocate for the issues he cares about most. Our State and our country are lucky to have benefited from the service of a great man like Senator DANCOATS . I wish DANand Marsha all the best. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), who represents the Sixth District. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, when given the opportunity to say something nice about DANCOATS , I didn’t want to pass it up. If I could give one word to describe U.S. Senator DAN COATS , it would be ‘‘Hoosier.’’ He is a person of grace and humility, hard work and humor. He never worried about who got credit, loved his country, and made the sacrifices through his life and career to make our country better. I am honored to call DANa friend, and I appreciate his mentorship of our entire delegation in the time that I have had an opportunity to serve here. I suspect DAN’s service for our country isn’t quite over yet, and I look forward to whatever he does next. One of the other great things about DANCOATS is he is a family man. I certainly wish DAN, Marsha, and their entire family a great future. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman is right. I don’t know if DANCOATS will ever be able to retire. I know he wants to. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. STUTZMAN ), who is from the Third Congressional District in the northeast. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I just want to stand here in front of this House and this body to honor our Senator, DANCOATS , who served Indiana in so many different capacities. I actually have the privilege of representing his district, the Third District in northeast Indiana. We have such a long line of great leaders from northeast Indiana who have served here in Washington from our State, and DANCOATS , of course, exemplified a man of character, humbleness, and leadership. He followed former Vice President Dan Quayle. I also would like to recognize him as well. He is another man who showed leadership for our State here in Washington, D.C. Both of those gentlemen have been heroes and models for me growing up, watching both of them as they took time to come to Washington and show what Hoosier leadership is all about. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for honoring them today. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. In closing this out, Mr. Speaker, I would like to say that Indiana has produced no shortage of great statesmen, as we reflected on this last half hour, and Senator DANCOATS has indisputably joined their ranks after decades of service to both our State and to our country. My own history with Senator COATS goes way back to when I was an intern in his Senate office. If he were on this floor today, Mr. Speaker, I am sure he would say that I was one of the worst interns he ever had. Nonetheless, he started my career in politics with that unpaid job that was one of the best experiences of my life. He has conservative leadership, and I know that he was anxious to get back to helping out the office and do whatever he could for the State of Indiana, however he could. Since those many years ago, since those first observations that I have had of Senator COATS , he has gone from Senator, to U.S. Ambassador to Germany, and back to Senator again. It is a long and distinguished career full of dedication to right ideals and the desire to fight for what is best for all Hoosier families and what is best for Americans. I appreciate all of the work, as we all do, that Senator COATS has done and the causes he has advocated for and for his counsel. As I have said, I don’t know if he is actually going to be able to retire at this time, but whatever his desire, he deserves it. I have no doubt that he will continue to represent the best interests of our State and this country even after his time in the Senate has come to an end. I would like to issue a heartfelt thank you for all of his work, and I wish him my best on all his future endeavors. Again, Mr. Speaker, I hope you will please join us all in wishing Indiana a happy birthday on this wonderful occasion of our 200th anniversary. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and recognition of Senator DANCOATS , a U.S. Army veteran, former Member of the House of Representatives, United States Ambassador to Germany and a great Hoosier. I’ve had the pleasure of serving with Senator COATS as a fellow member of the Indiana delegation since my first term in 2013. In fact, the first legislation that I introduced and got passed into law was a bill that I worked on with Senator COATS and his team, the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act. During his time in the Senate, he has been a passionate advocate for Hoosiers, working on policies that are focused on getting more Americans back to work and getting our economy back on track. His leadership will be missed, but I know that he and his wife Marsha will continue to do great things that make a difference for Hoosiers as they begin this next chapter of their lives. Thank you, Senator COATS , for all of your work to represent our great state of Indiana, and best wishes as you embark on your next adventure. GENERAL LEAVE Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? There was no objection. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agrees to the conference report accompanying the bill (S. 2943) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’ 
ABROGATING OUR NATURAL RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, this is supposed to be our last day in formal session, actual session, of the year. There may be something coming up. I always worry about unanimous consent requests when nobody is here. I know the administration likes to brag that it has been a good year for enforcing the border, but this story from Brooke Singman says: The number of unaccompanied children crossing into the U.S. from Mexico nearly doubled this year citing from Border Patrol figures. Hopefully, we will get the Trump administration moving as quickly as they indicate they intend to. It is worth noting that this story came out from The Hill. Mark Hensch said that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind behind 9/11, says that in his view, immigration into the United States is al Qaeda’s deadliest weapon against the United States. That is what he has apparently indicated. A witness said: 
From his perspective, the long war for Islamic domination wasn’t going to be won in the streets with bombs and bullets and bloodshed. No, it would be won in the minds of the American people. 
This is Khalid Sheikh Mohammed’s thinking. Thank God—literally, thank God—that President Obama has not released the mastermind as he has so many others who have contributed to the deaths of Americans. But Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the 9/ 11 mastermind, said: 
The terror attacks were good, but the ‘‘practical’’ way to defeat America was through immigration and by outbreeding nonMuslims. 
Jihadiminded brothers would immigrate into the United States, taking advantage of the welfare system to support themselves while they spread their jihadi message. They will wrap themselves in America’s rights and laws for protection, ratchet up acceptance of sharia law, and then, only when they were strong enough, rise up and violently impose sharia from within. He said the brothers would relentlessly continue their attacks and the American people eventually would become so tired, so frightened and so weary of war they would just want it to end. 
According to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, that is when radical Islam— sharia law—would take over for the United States, and the Constitution of the United States would no longer have meaning here. It is rather interesting. When we find out exactly what the enemies of freedom have in the way of plans to destroy our liberty and freedom, it really should catch the attention of some of our United States Federal Government. We passed a bill today, and I love and respect the people that pushed for it, but I need to make further comment about it. This was H.R. 4919. It is a bill that was supposed to be just a reauthorization. Well, it has got a program, and people that start these kinds of things, knowing where they will end up, start with a small amount of money. If you start with just millions, then you can go later on from there. When you paint it as being simply to help families who have autistic or Alzheimer’s patients, people with dementia, things that Americans like me understand because we have had family members who, because of organic problems, a very brilliant person can become confused, not know where they are and become lost. But life here in Congress would be so much easier if I simply would not read the bills. This bill creates a Federal tracking program, and it starts with Alzheimer’s patients and autism patients, people with those disabilities. It also includes, according to the bill, developmental disabilities, and that is broad enough that you can start including all kinds of things now that the law has been passed. My understanding, it is told that in the Senate it was likewise breezed through. Somebody went on the Senate floor when other Senators weren’t there, maybe two people or so, and said: I ask unanimous consent that this bill be passed; hearing no objection, so ordered. It was not much of a vote. We didn’t even have a hearing in subcommittee or committee where we bring witnesses, talk to experts, talk to people involved, see what the problem is and see if the cure is worse than the problem. We didn’t have that. We didn’t have constitutional experts talk about the indications for our future freedom. Instead, we got this bill. I am grateful that proponents tried to fix things, but as I read through it, the fixes didn’t really fix things. This program that is supposed to help people with mental health issues—confusion, getting lost, and dying. We know these things happen. There is nothing anywhere in the law that prevents a parent from having something that helps that parent track or keep track of their autistic child or child with, according to this bill, developmental disabilities— nothing. There is nothing that keeps a guardian from using some kind of tracking methodology to keep up with someone who has Alzheimer’s. Yes, I know it is a serious issue; but why wasn’t this left, then, to the Department of Health and Human Services if it is really just a mental health issue? The answer is it was left to the Attorney General and to the Department of Justice because the truth is, if it would need to expand, that is where they want it to expand. We were assured that this is strictly voluntary; but once you have a program in place, it is very easy for someone to file a petition and ask a judge, such as I once was back in Texas: Here are the indications. We need an order for the good of this person and the safety of the public so that this person can be tracked. It is not just a danger to themselves, the bill talks about, or an injury that could be caused by the patient. We know from the Department of Homeland Security that many in the Department of Homeland Security think the biggest threat for hate crimes, for destruction and death in America are from people who are veterans that may like the idea of the Second Amendment allowing them to keep guns. b1615 They are people who believe the Constitution should be literally followed, and the words that the Constitution actually says should be followed. The Founders of this country would be, of course—if they were around today—at the top of this administration’s nofly list because they wanted liberty above all, they wanted freedom. They did not want a government that interceded into their own personal private decisions and lives. Now we have this bill. The attorney general will tell us what the rules are because the bill says he or she will, and the attorney general will set up the best practices. I know that there is language added that says: Oh, no, the parent or guardian, they have to voluntarily use this program; it is not forceful. Well, no, the grants are not for anyone except voluntary, but I can guarantee you the program will ultimately be used to involuntarily place tracking information on people. Then, despite some of my friends in Congress saying, This is really not a danger, it is nothing to worry about, I get back to the office and my staff hands me an article regarding Japan. And, lo and behold, it is from Yahoo News. ‘‘Japan Tags Dementia Sufferers With Barcodes.’’ And the article goes on to point out that in Japan, where, until after World War II and the surrender in 1945, Japan had a history of submitting to whatever the emperor, the totalitarian leader, dictated. Well, now in Japan, they have come up with the best way of tracking people. It is by putting barcodes on fingers. All you need is a barcode on one finger, a barcode on one toe, and then the Japanese Government will be able to accurately and adequately track people they are concerned about. So I don’t think anybody needs to be worried about the government having this Orwellian program unless, perhaps, they are Christian, because the Commission on Civil Rights thinks that people who talk about religious freedom, religious liberty, Christians that use words like ‘‘evangelical,’’ that those are the biggest threat, perhaps, for hate in America because of the ignorance in this administration. It is nothing against them personally. It is just all of us are ignorant in some areas. Apparently, in this administration, there is widespread ignorance over the fact that Christianity is the religion based on love; that God so loved the world, he would send his son, and that his son would so love the world, he would lay down his life for his friends, which he, Jesus, said was the greatest love. True Christians follow the teachings of Jesus just as most Muslims try to do; to follow the teachings of Jesus. Anyway, if you are a Christian, or you believe the Constitution should be literally followed, or you believe that you should have a right to keep and bear arms under the Second Amendment, or you believe the Tenth Amendment means what it says, that any power not specifically enumerated for the Federal Government, it is reserved to the States and people, anybody that believes those kind of things is really a threat, according to some in this administration and some in what has become more of a permanent government. Administrations come and go, but we have got liberals that are so tolerant, they want to take away the rights of anybody with whom they disagree. The blacklist experts. They talk about blacklists of the fifties, and they go beyond anything that the fifties may have had in store for those who wanted to bring down the United States Government. Anyway, there just was not enough attention paid to this bill. It breaks my heart—and I am not kidding, I am not being sarcastic—that there were some that were pushing for this bill that have some of the biggest hearts, that want to do more to help people— and I am afraid because of the bill’s passage today, and I am sure the President will sign it into law, gee, we get to track people we are concerned about in America, maybe we will use a barcode. If we can have the attorney general, in his opinion, find that a subcutaneous chip implant is noninvasive, 
then we can do that. But maybe the barcode would be better than a chip. Anyway, we have passed the program. Someday, I am very afraid for my dear friends that push this bill that history will not so much remember the wonderful things they have fought for in this legislative body, the great moral issues they have stood for, but one day they will be remembered as the ones who quietly pushed this bill through that allowed a Federal Government to begin tracking for the first time students—not students, but young people, whether they are students or not, people with disabilities. I am sure we will be seeing the attorney general add definition, since it is up to her, or someday him, perhaps, to determine what really is developmental disability. So those things are coming. People need to be aware of them. Perhaps someday we will have a Congress before it is too late that will back up and say: Wait a minute, we are not going to be funding with Federal taxpayer dollars a tracking system for American citizens. I had some colleague say: Well, I could have voted for it if it was only people who were known terrorists, but we don’t want to track known terrorists. This bill would be considered an abomination if we tried to put a barcode or a chip into a known terrorist in the United States. No, this needs to be reserved for people who get confused, and so it goes. In the words of Billy Joel: 
So it goes, and you are the only one who knows. 
So also being as how this week included the 75th anniversary of the day of infamy when right at that level the President of the United States, Franklin D. Roosevelt, said—actually, 75 years ago today, he said: 
Yesterday, December 7, 1941—a date which will live in infamy—the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan. 
He went on. It is about a pageanda half speech, double spaced. And he concludes by saying: 
With confidence in our own forces—with the unbounded determination of our people— we will gain the inevitable triumph—so help us God. 
It is interesting, Roosevelt so often referred to God. He is the only American President, which I am aware, who went on national radio, or TV, but he went on radio—that is what they had at the time—on Dday, when thousands of American troops were landing in France on the beaches, thousands were being killed, and he led the Nation in a Christian prayer on national radio. Why? Because he was a true leader of the United States. He knew our Nation was in great trouble. So the natural thing to do was lead the Nation in prayer. If we go back to the man who is called the Father of the Constitution, as I understand it, the Federal Government mandates a test to be taught in order for people to get a little bit of the money that they send from their States to Washington, D.C., to the Department of Education. The Department of Education, if you do what they tell you, will send you a little bit back of your own money. So they don’t require that the statements of our constitutional Founders be learned. My understanding is the biggest thing the current folks want to be taught and learned about World War II is not that America was attacked. There was a day of infamy and that America was fighting and losing lives around the world, not as much for America, but for liberty, for freedom; that there would be places in the world where people could live and have opportunity and make their own decisions without the forces of radical Islam, which had joined forces with the Nazis and with the emperor in Japan. But if you go back to James Madison, he said: We have staked the whole future of American civilization, not on the power of government; far from it. We have staked the future of all of our political institutions upon the capacity of mankind for selfgovernment; upon the capacity of each and all of us to govern ourselves, to control ourselves, to sustain ourselves according to the Ten Commandments of God. 
It is contrary to the spirit of Christianity and the civilization, which Christianity has produced in the western world. 
Two years later, in the case of United States v. Church of the Holy Trinity, the Supreme Court went on for pages talking about the evidence of Christianity in America not so that Christianity would be forced or imposed on anyone, but as Madison understood, and as Adams understood, and as Washington understood, you could not maintain selfgovernment, a democratic Republic where we will elect representatives as our servants. You can’t maintain that if it is not a religious and a moral people. That cannot be a majority of religious and moral people who believe that the Constitution must totally be subjugated to a particular law, whether that be Sharia or others. So in the Declaration of Independence—this is the Supreme Court citing this in their 1892 decision: 
The Declaration of Independence recognizes the presence of the Divine in human affairs in these words: ‘‘We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights . . . appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions . . . And for the support of this Declaration, with firm reliance on Protection of Define Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor.’’ b1630 When I saw a copy of the original Treaty of Paris of 1783, in which we forced England to swear under something so important that they would not want to break the oath, what do you come up with to get Great Britain—the most powerful country in the world with the most powerful navy and army—to swear under that they would not willingly be wanting to break that oath? The big words—huge letters— starting the treaty that recognized our independence for the first time starts out: 
In the Name of the most Holy and undivided Trinity, that is Father, Son, Holy Ghost. 
The opinion goes on and cites so many examples of Christianity in America. They say: 
We are a Christian people, and the morality of the country is deeply engrafted upon Christianity and not upon the doctrines of worship of those impostors. 
It goes on and reads after many more recitations: 
These and many other matters which might be noticed add a volume of unofficial declaration to the mass of organic utterances that this is a Christian nation. We find everywhere a clear recognition of the same truth. The happiness of a people and the good order and preservation of civil government essentially depend upon piety, religion, and morality. 
Not that we would ever force Christian beliefs on anyone, but as we find historically—and as even a Muslim leader and a descendant of Muhammad told General Jay Garner in Iraq when he was inquiring as to what kind of government we should have—he said it should be based on the teachings of Jesus because that descendant of Muhammad—that Muslim leader—understood that it is, really, only if you have a government that is under the teachings of Jesus where an atheist, a Buddhist, Hindu, Islam—any religion—can prosper without fear so long as they do not try to undo the Constitution of the United States. Franklin Roosevelt, so endeared to liberals in this Nation, on December 24, 1933, said: 
This year marks a greater national understanding of the significance in our modern lives of the teaching of Him whose birth we celebrate. To more and more of us, the words ‘‘thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself’’ have taken on a meaning that is showing itself and proving itself in our purposes and in our daily lives. May the practice of that high ideal grow in us all in the year to come. I give you and send you, one and all, old and young, a Merry Christmas and a truly happy new year. And so, for now and for always, God bless us, everyone. 
Another example is from Franklin Roosevelt on December 21, 2 short 
weeks after the bombing at Pearl Harbor. I won’t read the whole thing, but it is deeply moving, and he finishes by saying: 
Our strongest weapon in this war is that conviction of the dignity and brotherhood of man, which Christmas Day signifies. Against enemies who preach the principles of hate and practice them, we set our faith in human love and in God’s care for us and all men everywhere. Our strength, as the strength of all men everywhere, is of greater avail as God upholds us. 
In 1942, on Christmas Eve, he finished by saying: 
It is significant that tomorrow, Christmas Day, our plants and factories will be stilled. That is not true of the other holidays we have long been accustomed to celebrate. On all other holidays, work goes on—gladly for the winning of the war. So Christmas becomes the only holiday in all the year. I like to think this is so because Christmas is a holy day. 
John F. Kennedy, on December 17, 1962, said these words—and I won’t read the whole thing—in the conclusion: 
This has been a year of peril where the peace has been sorely threatened, but it has been a year when peril was faced and when reason ruled. As a result, we may talk at this Christmas just a little bit more confidently of peace on Earth, goodwill to men; and, as a result, the hopes of the American people are, perhaps, a little higher. We have much yet to do. We still have to ask that God bless everyone. 
Then last for today, before we adjourn for Christmas, Ronald Reagan, on December 19, 1988, concluded his Christmas address by saying: 
Our compassion and concern this Christmas and all year long will mean much to the hospitalized, the homeless, the convalescent, the orphaned, and it will surely lead us on our way to the joy and peace of Bethlehem and the Christ Child who bids us come, for it is only in finding and living the eternal meaning of the Nativity that we can be truly happy, truly at peace, truly home. 
I conclude, Mr. Speaker, as Ronald Reagan did: Merry Christmas, and God bless you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CLYBURN (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 34. An act to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 817. An act to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon. S. 818. An act to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, and for other purposes. S. 2873. An act to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technologyenabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. S. 3076. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for caskets or urns, and for other purposes. S. 3492. An act to designate the Traverse City VA CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Traverse City, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Demas T. Craw VA Clinic’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, December 12, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and third quarters of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY  1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY  1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016— Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Nov. 1, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. JASON CHAFFETZ, Chairman, Nov. 23, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5253. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve visa security, visa applicant vetting, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–850, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3094. A bill to amend the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to transfer to States the authority to manage red snapper fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico; with an amendment (Rept. 114–851). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 5003. A bill to reauthorize child nutrition programs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–852, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5033. A bill to improve the Governmentwide management of unnecessarily duplicative Government programs and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–853). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 1738. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to modernize and implement the national integrated public alert and warning system to disseminate homeland security information and other information, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–854, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4383. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to enhance Department of Homeland Security coordination on how to identify and record information regarding individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–855, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3062. A bill to prohibit the use of eminent domain in carrying out certain projects (Rept. 114–856, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4579. A bill to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–857, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5714. A bill to restore the financial solvency and improve the governance of the United States Postal Service in order to ensure the efficient and affordable nationwide delivery of mail, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–858, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5707. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for certain index fund investments from the Postal Service Retiree Health Benefits Fund, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–859, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6008. A bill to provide transit benefits to Federal employees who use the services of transportation network companies within the national capital region, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–860, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5204. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled, with an amendment (Rept. 114–861, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4220. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency; with an amendment (Rept. 114–862). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5879. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities; with an amendment (Rept. 114–863). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1738 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3062 referred to the Committee of 
the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4383 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4579 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5003 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5204 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5707 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5714 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6008 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
REPORTED BILLS SEQUENTIALLY REFERRED Under clause 2 of rule XII, bills and reports were delivered to the Clerk for printing, and bills referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. VEASEY (for himself and Mr. CASTRO of Texas): H.R. 6495. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security, with respect to individuals who have timely filed a DACA renewal request, to provide a shortterm, interim grant of deferred action and employment authorization when there is a delay in processing the renewal request because of a service disruption or other technical problem that causes adjudications to stop or stall; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself and Mr. SMITH of Texas): H.R. 6496. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to establish a small claims system within the Copyright Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 6497. A bill to require screening transparency and accountability of the TSA, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. BEYER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. MOORE , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. K APTUR, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. TITUS, and Mr. C OHEN ): H.R. 6498. A bill to require the disclosure of the Federal income tax returns of the President; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6499. A bill to permit the expungement of records of certain nonviolent criminal offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. CARNEY , and Mr. H IMES): H.R. 6500. A bill to establish a Mortgage Credit Risk Sharing Pilot Program at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M OORE , Ms. KAPTUR , and Mr. W ELCH ): H.R. 6501. A bill to establish within the Food and Drug Administration the Prescription Drug and Medical Device Price Review Board to regulate the prices of certain prescription drugs and medical devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 6502. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to require new schoolbuses to be equipped with threepoint safety belts at each designated seating position; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 6503. A bill to facilitate services and support to prevent the abandonment of women and children by alleviating the physical, financial, social, emotional, and other difficulties that may be encountered during pregnancy and childrearing; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. WELCH , Ms. L EE, Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. MASSIE ): H.R. 6504. A bill to prohibit the use of United States Government funds to provide assistance to Al Qaeda, Jabhat Fateh al Sham, and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and to countries supporting those organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6505. A bill to require that jurisdictions receiving Byrne JAG funds have in place an independent civilian review board for the purpose of reviewing allegations of brutality and civil rights violations made against law enforcement officers of the law enforcement agency of that jurisdiction; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6506. A bill to provide that the President shall be financially responsible for any additional security measures imposed on property in which the President holds an ownership interest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6507. A bill to amend section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), to require an agency to release the Federal income tax returns of the President upon request, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 6508. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to require that underground injection control programs prevent seismicity induced by underground injection activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HECK of Washington: H.R. 6509. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to improve the submission of proof of military service for purposes of interest rate limitations under such Act; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 6510. A bill to provide for the temporary resettlement of Syrian children in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6511. A bill to amend section 953 of title 18, United States Code (commonly called the Logan Act) to clarify the application of that section to Presidentselect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6512. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make loans and loan guarantees for constructing or renovating, or planning construction or renovation of, qualified psychiatric and substance abuse treatment facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6513. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand health savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 6514. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to redirect user fees assessed of health insurance issuers on Federal Exchanges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. MESSER , and Mr. S TUTZMAN ): H.R. 6515. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to clarify the application of the rule for counting resident time in nonprovider settings; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. WALZ): H.R. 6516. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to expand eligibility for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish a minimum period of care or services under such program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. WALZ): H.R. 6517. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to post at certain locations the average national wait times for veterans to receive an appointment for health care at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PITTS (for himself, Mr. FLORES, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. MULLIN ): H.R. 6518. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to improve the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission (MACPAC); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 6519. A bill to protect any State or local authority that limits or restricts compliance with an immigration detainer request remains eligible for grants and appropriated funds; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6520. A bill to amend the Older Americans Act of 1965 to authorize services to be provided to individuals with Alzheimer’s disease or a related disorder with neurological and organic brain dysfunction who have not attained 60 years of age; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6521. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction 
allowed for student loan interest and to exclude from gross income discharges of income contingent or incomebased student loan indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 6522. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a certain study by the Defense Business Board regarding potential cost savings in the Department of Defense and to provide for expedited consideration of legislation to implement such cost savings; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. CARSONof Indiana, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. KUSTER , Ms. L EE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Ms. MOORE ): H.R. 6523. A bill to amend the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 to require the notification of institutions of postsecondary education of public safety concerns; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 6524. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a nonregulatory program to support restoration and protection efforts in the HudsonMohawk River Basin region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6525. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require students to undergo lead screenings; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SHUSTER: H. Con. Res. 183. Concurrent resolution directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 612; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ROYCE: H. Res. 951. A resolution denouncing the wrongful and unjust seizure and confiscation of private property of Iranians both inside and outside of Iran, including United States citizens of Iranian descent, by the Government of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. L EE, Ms. M ATSUI, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S ABLAN , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. B ERA, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. BEYER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. COSTA , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. COHEN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. PETERS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. PALLONE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. BECERRA , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ): H. Res. 952. A resolution recognizing the immense contributions of Congressman Michael M. Honda throughout his tenure in Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. COSTA , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. K EATING , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. SHERMAN , and Ms. S PEIER ): H. Res. 953. A resolution recognizing the 68th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the celebration of ‘‘Human Rights Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. D OLD, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , and Mr. B OST): H. Res. 954. A resolution congratulating the Chicago Cubs on winning the 2016 Major League Baseball World Series; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. PALLONE , and Mr. R OSKAM): H. Res. 955. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the progress of peace and justice, accountability, and reconciliation in Sri Lanka after 26 years of a debilitating armed conflict, and support for inclusive development and a strong and enduring relationship between the United States and Sri Lanka; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6476. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 6477. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this legislation is based is found in article I, section 8, clause 9; article III, section 1, clause 3; and article III, section 2, clause 2, of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6478. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 6479. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 6480. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, including those under Title 50, are carried out to support the national security interests of the United States, to enable the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in executing the foreign policy of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to . . . provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘. . . to raise and support armies . . .’’; to ‘‘make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water’’; and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vesting in the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6481. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6482. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 6483. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, the general welfare clause. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6484. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to . . . provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States . . .’’; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6485. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6486. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States . . .’’; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 6487. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6520. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6521. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 6522. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under: U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 13; U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 14; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6523. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 6524. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6525. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 303: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 333: Ms. MENG. H.R. 446: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 707: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 759: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 797: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 825: Ms. MENG. H.R. 849: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1089: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1095: Mr. NOLAN and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1130: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1170: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1220: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1258: Mr. ZELDIN , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. FUDGE , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. EVANS , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 1312: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1399: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. SPEIER , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 1453: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1457: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. MARINO , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas. H.R. 1559: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1688: Mr. CUELLAR and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1733: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1974: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 2022: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2035: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Ms. MENG. H.R. 2065: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2124: Ms. MOORE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2138: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2143: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. KIND, Mr. S MITH of Wash ington, and Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2293: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 2296: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2397: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2430: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2450: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 2493: Ms. MENG, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. NORTON , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2600: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2610: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2641: Mr. KATKO and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2694: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2698: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 2849: Ms. MENGand Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 2858: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 2972: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3054: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 3166: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3180: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3244: Mr. KIND. H.R. 3268: Ms. FUDGE , Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, Mr. SABLAN , and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 3390: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 3410: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3466: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3526: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 3535: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3666: Ms. MENGand Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 3742: Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. DENHAM , Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 3882: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 4162: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4456: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4519: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4524: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4558: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 4592: Mr. GRIFFITH and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 4616: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4622: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4626: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 4756: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4784: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 4803: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4810: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 4959: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5082: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 5090: Mr. BERA. H.R. 5128: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 5183: Ms. MENG. H.R. 5231: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 5235: Mr. BERAand Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 5406: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5410: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5426: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 5474: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 5584: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 5683: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 5686: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5689: Mr. VEASEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. CLAY, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. HIMES. H.R. 5695: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. A L GREEN of Texas. H.R. 5721: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 5735: Mr. BUCSHON , Mrs. B ROOKS of In diana, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5738: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 5758: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . H.R. 5779: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 5894: Mr. LEVIN and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 5956: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 5999: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 6012: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 6020: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 6117: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. S ABLAN , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 6147: Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. TONKO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 6157: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 6226: Mr. CAPUANO and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 6234: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 6236: Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. C LARK of Mas sachusetts, Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 6253: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 6307: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 6340: Ms. MATSUI and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 6342: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 6382: Mr. KEATING , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. JACKSON LEE, and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 6421: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. RENACCI , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6428: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 6433: Mr. POEof Texas and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 6434: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 6443: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 6452: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 6453: Mr. DENTand Mr. R USH. H.R. 6468: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.J. Res. 47: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.J. Res. 102: Mr. SHERMAN . H. Con. Res. 144: Mr. DUFFY . H. Con. Res. 153: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. J OYCE . H. Con. Res. 171: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. B OST. H. Con. Res. 178: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. GRIJALVA . H. Res. 28: Mr. YODER . H. Res. 540: Mr. ENGEL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. KUSTER . H. Res. 552: Mr. DEFAZIO. H. Res. 590: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky and Mr. VEASEY . H. Res. 831: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. ZELDIN . H. Res. 882: Mr. MCNERNEY . H. Res. 899: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H. Res. 926: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia and Mr. VEASEY . H. Res. 948: Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6849 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2016 No. 177 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 