Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, currently, in the House Judiciary Committee, there is an unusual spectacle unfolding. Now, a number of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have made it a crusade to war against the IRS. They have cut staff, budgets, refused to help it collect money that is due and owed. They have made it easier for cheats to avoid their obligations. But this assault on the IRS Commissioner takes that war to a new low. I would invite anybody listening to this presentation right now to go to the internal channel in the House, number 42, or go to cspan.org to be able to watch it yourself. Walk down to Room 2237 Rayburn and watch this play out. I have had a chance to get to know John Koskinen, the IRS Commissioner, over the course of this last year, and I have come to respect and admire him. I would suggest to anybody trying to put this in context, trying to understand the giveandtake, google Mr. Koskinen, and then google some of his fiercest critics who are going to be on display at the Judiciary Committee today. Which of his critics would you imagine to be entrusted with being the chair of the board of trustees for their prestigious university, should they have attended one? Mr. Koskinen was. Which of them would have been successful in business as a turnaround artist in some of the most difficult and challenging commercial transactions? Mr. Koskinen was. And then walk away from material and business success to volunteer for some of the most challenging jobs in Government? Mr. Koskinen did. Which of these members of the Judiciary Committee that are attacking Mr. Koskinen would have been picked by a President of their own party to take some of the most challenging and difficult and important tasks? Mr. Koskinen was. The Y2K czar, when we were concerned about what would happen in the year 2000 and the integrity of computer systems; Mr. Koskinen was administrator for the District of Columbia when that city was turned around. Which of them would have been asked by a President of the other party to step in and handle a major systemic challenge? The IRS Commissioner, a Democrat, was asked by the Bush administration to step in and right the ship of Freddie Mac during the near meltdown of the global economy. And he came back, volunteering for one of the most difficult tasks in government, to deal with an IRS that has been underfunded, understaffed, while Congress makes its job almost impossible by making the Tax Code more complex each and every year. John Koskinen did. Google the people who are attacking him and see if any of them have accomplishments that are remotely equal to what this distinguished American did and has done and continues to do. This is a shameful display. This gentleman is being attacked for things that predated his tenure, not high crimes and misdemeanors and corruption, but because they don’t like what went on there, and they are trying to find somebody to blame other than themselves. Look at what is going on in the Judiciary Committee. Google these people; evaluate for yourselves. The American people deserve better than what is going on now, and certainly, Mr. Koskinen does. f 
CONGRATULATING CLEARWATER POLICE OFFICER JONATHAN WALSER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a man who has served our country and his community as a U.S. Marine, a sheriff’s deputy, and as a police detective. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my very dear friend and American patriot, a man of deep and abiding Christian faith, Mr. Jonathan Walser, on his retirement from the Clearwater Florida Police Department. After serving his country in the United States Marine Corps for 6 years, Officer Walser opted to continue serving his community by joining the Pasco County Sheriff’s Department in 1994 as a detention deputy. Two years later, Walser joined the Clearwater Police Department and began a career that has made an incredible impact on our entire Clearwater community. Early on, Officer Walser demonstrated remarkable commitment and leadership, earning a highly successful rating at the conclusion of his newhire probationary period. Officer Walser would serve in several specialty assignments during his career. He served as a field training officer and a member of the emergency response team. He also served for more than a decade on the Clearwater Police Department honor guard team. As an honor guard member, Officer Walser has represented the department at hundreds of funerals and memorial services and, in particular, has honored the families of fallen officers, a duty most personal to him. Officer Walser served as a community police officer on Clearwater’s Wood Valley Community policing team in 2001 and 2002. In June 2002, Officer Walser was assigned to serve on the traffic enforcement team motorcycle unit, a role in which he focused on traffic safety, intoxicated driving, and crash investigations. Jonathan most compassionately used his department motorcycle as a tool to connect with the community, frequently posing for photos with kids sitting on the motorcycle. In August 2011, Officer Walser transferred to the criminal investigations division burglary unit to serve as a detective. During his time as a detective, he was continually lauded for his superior investigative abilities and report writing skills, in addition to his passion for being actively engaged in the community and volunteering at local events. 
In 2015, Officer Walser returned to the traffic enforcement team motorcycle unit, where he served until his recent retirement. Officer Walser also serves as an active board member with the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 10. He has served as the president of Lodge 10 for an incredible 12 years, and has been selected 11 times as the FOP Lodge 10 Member of the Year. Officer Walser is not only highly respected by FOP members, but also by his fellow Clearwater Police Department colleagues, City of Clearwater leadership, and a broad base of community leaders. Because of his exceptional service, Officer Walser has received the Chief’s Unit Citation for his service with the honor guard team and the burglary unit. When asked about Officer Walser, Clearwater Police Chief Dan Slaughter said: 
Officer Walser proves that you don’t need to be a supervisor to be a remarkable leader. I have never met a person more dedicated to the officers, their families, and the entire community. 
I couldn’t agree more with Chief Slaughter. Mr. Speaker, John Walser is a dear friend of mine. He is a dear friend of so many in the Clearwater community, a constant source of faithbased counsel, a compassionate leader, a man who deeply loves his family, deeply loves his community, and deeply loves the God in whom he daily puts his trust. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking a remarkable person, Officer Jonathan Walser, for his years of service to our country and to our community in Florida. We wish him the very best in his retirement. 
HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, as a proud member of the Hispanic Caucus, I rise today to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, the rich history, the culture, and the traditions of the Latino communities throughout our Nation and the world. The United States of America is a nation of immigrants past and present, and the stories of the Latino communities who live in California’s San Joaquin Valley are similar to the millions of stories of other immigrant families who have come to our country striving for the American Dream. They have come to our country from around the world. Working together, we can ensure that policies that benefit our economy and keep families together, like the expanded DACA, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, and DAPA, the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, as well as comprehensive immigration reform, are enacted. This is important to fix a broken immigration system in America today. These policies would move our country forward and provide a path to earned citizenship—not amnesty, but earned citizenship—so that individuals who only know the United States as their home can achieve the American Dream, the American Dream which is still a shining light around the world for people that are oppressed. Let us never forget what the American Dream embodies not just in our country, but for people around the world. Please join me in celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month and the values, the dedications, and the rich diversity of immigrant families, of which my family was one and the majority of families in our country at some time or another were the proud immigrants from some other part of the world, that make this United States the greatest country in the world today. 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF ARMENIAN  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to join in celebrating the 25th anniversary of Armenia. Twentyfive years ago today, Armenia declared its independence from the Soviet Union and, once again, the Republic of Armenia was established. Earlier this year, I had the opportunity to visit Armenia for the first time, and it truly felt like coming home. Why? Well, because it felt so much like the San Joaquin Valley that I proudly represent, where so many Armenians have settled for generations since their diaspora and as a result of the Armenian genocide. Like so many other ethnic groups throughout the world, the people of Armenia are friendly. They are warm and proud of their traditions, culture, and religion. I had the opportunity as a young person to grow up with so many of our good friends and neighbors—the Kezerians, the Abrahamians, the Koligians—whose Armenian heritage I learned as a young person and has added so much not only to the community of the San Joaquin Valley, but to our Nation as a whole. It is an honor to recognize Armenia’s 25th anniversary and the Armenian people in the San Joaquin Valley and the communities throughout the Nation and the world. But, Mr. Speaker, I think I would be remiss in this recognition if I did not take this opportunity to urge Congress and the President of the United States to go on record as recognizing the Armenian genocide and the devastating violence committed against the Armenian people over 100 years ago, the first genocide recorded and recognized by historians in the 20th century. b1030 Of course, we know from that genocide came the later followed by the Holocaust, and sadly generations have suffered. I want to thank my colleagues for joining in recognizing Armenia’s 25th anniversary. BALANCING THE BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend, Delegate John Overington, and the West Virginia State Legislature for passing the balanced budget amendment resolution in March. West Virginia has joined 27 other States in calling for a constitutional convention under Article V to force the Federal Government to add a balanced budget amendment to the U.S. Constitution for one simple reason: the Federal Government has a spending problem. America has run up a debt of over $19 trillion, largely to fund past and present expenditures using money that should belong to future American generations. West Virginia families and businesses have to operate on balanced budgets, and I believe the Federal Government should also have to operate within its means. America cannot afford to continue spending like it has been. That is why I cosponsored H.J. Res. 2, the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. I encourage my colleagues in the House and Senate to cosponsor this important joint resolution. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say happy birthday to a true American hero, Corporal Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams. Woody is one of the last two surviving United States Marine Corps Medal of Honor recipients of World War II and the last surviving Medal of Honor recipient from the Battle of Iwo Jima. Born on October 2, 1923, Woody Williams grew up on a dairy farm in Fairmont, West Virginia. He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps Reserve in Charleston, West Virginia, on May 26, 1943. Woody completed 2 years of service and was trained to use both tanks and flamethrowers. Williams, a corporal, landed in Iwo Jima in 1945. American tanks were trying to open a lane for the infantry when they encountered a network of reinforced Japanese concrete pillboxes, buried mines, and black volcanic sands. Corporal Williams went forward with his 70pound flamethrower in an attempt to reduce the devastating machine gun fire from the fortified enemy positions. Covered by only four riflemen, he continued this arduous task for 4 hours under heavy enemy small arms fire. He resupplied and returned to the front lines time and again to wipe out one enemy pillbox after another. On one of these returns, to the point of the spear of the battle, a wisp of smoke alerted him to an air vent of a Japanese bunker. He approached this heavily fortified position close enough to put the nozzle of his flamethrower 
through the vent, killing all the occupants inside. On another occasion, he was charged by multiple enemy riflemen who attempted to kill him with fixed bayonets. Woody was too quick, and he used his flamethrower to send them to their makers. These actions occurred on the same day as the raising of the U.S. flag on the island’s Mount Suribachi. Woody fought through the remainder of the 5week long battle and was wounded on March 6, for which he was awarded the Purple Heart. President Truman awarded him the Medal of Honor in 1945. In 2013, the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams Medal of Honor Foundation was launched to carry out Woody’s vision of recognizing and honoring Gold Star families around the country. The goal of the foundation is to establish at least one Gold Star family memorial monument in every State over the next 5 years to honor families who have sacrificed a loved one in service of their country. Woody spends his time traveling the country supporting the military families and reminding all of us that freedom has not been and is not free. Upcoming memorial dedications are in Fort Knox, Kentucky, on September 23; Fall River, Massachusetts, and Port St. Lucie, Florida, on September 25; Palmetto Bay, Florida, on October 15; Barboursville, West Virginia, on October 30; Annapolis, Maryland, on November 11; and Medina, Ohio, on November 12. Woody’s passion and love of his country and fellow man has never ceased. We can all learn how to be better Americans from Woody, and I wish him a happy upcoming 93rd birthday. 
DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE ADVOCACY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, the Standing Rock Sioux and all tribes have the right to selfdetermination and a say in decisions that impact their health, land, and cultural preservation. It is not just a matter of justice, it is the law. Don’t we all, as Americans, have that right? Isn’t that the whole premise of our democracy? Being able to have a voice in decisions that affect our lives is the cornerstone of our American democracy. It thrives when we stand up, speak up, and voice our concerns on matters vital to our existence as humans, like our health, clean drinking water, and cultural survival. That is why I stand with the Standing Rock Sioux and hundreds of tribes throughout our Nation to demand that the Army Corps of Engineers comply with their legal trust responsibilities to protect tribal lands, cancel the Dakota Access Pipeline permit, conduct meaningful consultation with the tribes, and do a complete environmental impact statement. The Standing Rock Sioux and neighboring tribes are rightfully concerned that the pipeline will destroy sacred sites and that an oil spill would cause devastating and irreversible harm to their land, health, and drinking water. The proposed pipeline is over 1,000 miles long, transporting up to 16,000 gallons of crude oil a minute, upstream from the tribes’ water source, near the reservation, and on tribal land. A leak would be devastating. It was already determined to be too risky to construct near the city of Bismarck’s water sources. The Army Corps has granted construction permits, despite legal and noncompliance warnings by other Federal agencies. That is why, on September 8, I called for a systemwide GAO investigative report on Federal agencies’ compliance with meaningful tribal consultation policies. On September 9, the Departments of the Interior, Justice, and the Army announced a pause in construction to review their compliance with Federal policies. I welcome this review. Tribes have rights under law. The Federal Government has a moral and legally enforceable obligation to protect tribal treaties, land, and resources under the Federal trust responsibility. Tribes have the right to regular and meaningful consultation under executive order 13175. Under the Historic Preservation Act, Federal agencies are required to be responsible stewards of our Nation’s historic resources and consult with Indian tribes when their actions may impact sacred sites. Furthermore, the Army Corps, under the Clean Water Act, must protect our Nation’s waters from contamination by conducting accurate environmental assessments to determine if construction permits should be granted. Unfortunately, the Army Corps granted a permit based on flawed assessments, incomplete information, and a willful disregard for the serious concerns raised by the tribe and other Federal agencies. Chairman David Achambault from the Standing Rock Sioux reported that they were not meaningfully consulted and didn’t even know about the Corps’ assessment until it was made public. He has serious concerns about the pipeline’s harm to the tribe’s health, water source, and sacred sites. Letters from the Department of the Interior, Environmental Protection Agency, and Advisory Council on Historic Preservation to the Army Corps list their serious concerns. They mention the potential of a devastating oil spill, lack of emergency response plans, desecration of sacred sites, noncompliance with Federal policies and laws, and even disagreed with the Corps’ environmental assessment. They recommended a full environmental impact study, an expanded environmental justice analysis, consideration of all sacred sites along the path of the pipeline, and meaningful tribal consultation prior to any decisions. Moving forward, all Federal agencies must conduct meaningful tribal consultation and address concerns regarding risks to drinking water and desecration of sacred sites. The Corps must cancel their faulty permit near tribal land and complete a full environmental impact statement. Only then can the President make an informed decision to permanently stop construction of the pipeline on Federal property near tribal land. You have the authority and moral imperative to do what is right. Time after time, tribes have seen their treaties broken, their lands taken, and sacred sites desecrated. I visited with the Standing Rock Sioux and witnessed Native Americans from hundreds of other tribes standing together in peace and prayer to protect their water and ancestral sacred sites. I have witnessed their dignity and their resolve. They stand in solidarity for their full rights under Federal law and for their voices to be heard. They stand in unity, and I stand with them. f 
WISHING HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS A HAPPY 93RD BIRTHDAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, as the Congressman representing West Virginia’s Third Congressional District, I am proud to call Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams a constituent. I first met Woody more than 18 years ago when I was first elected to the State legislature, and he has been a constituent of mine for the past two decades. But I am just as proud to call Woody my friend. Over the years, at countless legislative committee hearings, veterans’ recognition and appreciation events, Veterans Day, and Memorial Day commemorations, Woody has been there fighting for our veterans. Woody always has a kind word, a friendly smile, and an optimistic outlook. I have two sons that became Eagle Scouts. Very often our local Scout council gets the newly awarded Eagles all together, and Woody is invited to come in and spend a little time with the boys and share a few thoughts. I can’t tell you the power of the impact it had on my boys when Woody shook their hand, looked them in the eye, and challenged them to conduct their life according to the Scout oath and motto—to do their duty to God and country. Woody truly embodies that motto. Throughout West Virginia and the Nation, Woody is best known for his brave efforts in the Pacific theater during World War II. At a critical point in the Battle of Iwo Jima, and with minimal backup, Corporal Williams heard the call and acted. He disregarded his personal safety. He thought not of the seemingly monumental task in front of him. He did not stop to calculate the odds of success—or the odds of failure. 
He acted. He picked up his flamethrower, and he ran towards those trying to take him out; and he did it again and again and again. He did so because he believed in something greater than himself, because his country asked him, and he answered. He was there in that place and at that time when his country—our country—needed him the most. Woody is the last surviving Medal of Honor recipient from the Battle of Iwo Jima, and he is celebrating his 93rd birthday on October 2. I join my State and a grateful Nation in thanking Woody Williams for his service and in wishing him a wonderful birthday. 
TRANSPACIFIC PARTNERSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to another bad trade deal that could soon be forced upon us. It is possible that the TransPacific Partnership, or TPP, could be brought before this body for a final vote before the end of the year and end of this Congress. We have seen time and again what bad trade deals do to our communities and to working families across this Nation. You see, when NAFTA was under consideration, American workers were told that the trade benefits would mean more jobs and economic opportunities. What actually happened? We saw a net loss of 700,000 jobs thanks to NAFTA. So if history is any guide, we know what to expect from TPP. But in many ways, this agreement is even more harmful than NAFTA. In fact, the core of this deal is allowing foreign corporations to sue the U.S. Government over regulations they simply do not like. b1045 Imagine, any time there is an environmental regulation or worker safety regulation that a company does not care for, they can sue. These cases will not go through the regular legal process. Instead, TPP creates a special tribunal of three corporate lawyers to evaluate the case. And if a company convinces these three lawyers that a law or regulation violates their TPP rights, well, then the American taxpayer has to pay these corporations enormous compensation. Let’s be clear. There is no appeal process. There is no way to reverse these decisions. The TPP could put the taxpayer on the hook for almost unlimited sums of money. It is no wonder that this agreement was negotiated in private. While corporations were given plenty of opportunity to comment on how they wanted the agreement to look, the public and workers were not given a seat in the room—or even the chance to review the text before it was finalized. The end result, unsurprisingly, is an agreement that is bad for the American people and would affect their daily lives in countless ways. American workers would find themselves competing for jobs against workers in places like Vietnam, who make 65 cents an hour—65 cents an hour. It is no wonder that this agreement would require the U.S. to import food that does not meet our own safety standards. It would mean more expensive prescription drugs for our seniors, and it would curtail policies meant to fight climate change. Mr. Speaker, the TPP is 6,000 pages long. It is too big and covers too much. It has too many unintended consequences. There should be no rush to push this agreement through the House before the end of the year. However, if this agreement is put on the floor this year, I will vote ‘‘no,’’ and I encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. Protect working families. Protect the American consumer. Protect our environment. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the TPP. 
CONGRESS MUST ACT AFFIRMATIVELY TO PROTECT THE INTERNET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, unless the Congress acts affirmatively by the end of next week, the Obama administration will turn over the core functions of the Internet to an international body. We cannot allow this to happen. Look at the consequences. Using domain names, we have control over the protection of free speech on the Internet. One of the real positive things of the development of this type of technology over the last 45 or 50 years has been that people have been able to express themselves the way they want to on the Internet and be able to get a huge worldwide audience. Now, I recognize that there is no truth meter on the Internet, but people who make ridiculous statements on the Internet end up getting denigrated in the court of public opinion anyhow. Free speech is at stake here, but also the national security of our country is at stake. The core functions of the Internet, including control over domain names, should not be turned over to countries that do not have America’s best interests or values at heart, like China or Russia or Iran. They have no protections for free speech, they have no value for free speech, and they will do what they want to to put censorship on the Internet, particularly as a way of controlling their own population within their country. If we don’t act, that is going to be something that happens, and I think we can guarantee it. Stopping this move by the Obama administration will also ensure that the United States Government would maintain ownership and control over the dotgov and dotmil domain names. That is necessary to protect our national security. Just think of what would happen if a hostile power like Iran would be able to get control of both the dotgov and dot mil domain names. They would be easier able to hack, they would be easier able to spread around propaganda and disinformation, and unwitting people would think that this is coming from the United States Government. How denigrating will that be? It will be huge, and I think we all know the answer to that. Now, who is best able to protect a free and open Internet? It is the United States of America, with the protections that we have in our Bill of Rights. Those are protections that have made the Internet grow and flourish. I tell the administration, if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. The Internet ain’t broke, but it will become broken if we have countries that do not have our values and stick their nose into the governance of the core functions of the Internet. It is kind of like a termite. You don’t see the danger right when the termite starts eating away, but if you allow it to start eating away and don’t send the exterminator out, sooner or later there is going to be a big time problem. Let’s keep the termite of hostile powers who don’t share our values out of getting into the Internet. Congress must act affirmatively. We have to stop this from happening, and we don’t have much time to do it. 
FIND A SOLUTION SO ALL AMERICANS CAN HAVE CONTINUED ACCESS TO AN OPEN AND FREE INTERNET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, America is a compassionate country. We are a very giving country. America gives a lot. But I am not sure we need to be giving away a free and open Internet. If Congress does not act soon, our free and open Internet is going to be handed over by our President to a global bureaucratic body, a body that may not respect the freedom of information and speech that we experience today, a body that may sensor what Americans have to say or how journalists can receive information and cover certain stories on governments, on current events. What does handing the Internet over to a global bureaucracy mean for privacy? for freedom of information? commerce? national security? The question is really: What is the need to do this, to hand over the administration of a working, free, and open Internet to a global bureaucracy? And why the rush? Now, my colleagues, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) and we 
just heard from the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), are supporters of a great bill Mr. DUFFY introduced called the Protecting Internet Freedom Act, H.R. 5418. It has many sponsors on it. There are efforts in the Senate as well to do the same thing to protect the Internet. In 2014, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, the NTIA, announced its intention to relinquish, to give away, its procedural authority over Internet domain and functions to the global Internet stakeholder community. Many of the Iowans I represent, and I know many others around the country, are incredibly concerned about this—and rightly so—about shifting U.S. oversight and giving authority to regimes that have repeatedly censored the Internet. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I have worked with my colleagues to try to block funding for the administration’s appeal to do this, this bogus plan, and I am hopeful U.S. Internet protections will remain in any final spending bill coming up. Mr. Speaker, the proper place for debate over important issues like this, like the integrity of the Internet, is here in Congress, not behind closed doors at the NTIA, a Federal agency, with these unilateral actions. I urge my colleagues and I urge my fellow Americans to reach out to the Members of Congress and tell them and ask them and plead with them to protect the Internet, to make sure it is free and it is open, and to find a solution so that Iowans and all Americans have continued access to an open and free Internet, uncensored, where information can flourish and speech can flourish. 
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT WILL GIVE UP CONTROL OF THE INTERNET IN 9 DAYS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my great concern that in a mere 9 days the United States Government is going to give up control of the Internet. This is one of those issues that I don’t think many Americans know about. This is not on the front page above the fold of your paper. It is not splashed across your nightly news. You are not seeing it everywhere on the Internet. So Americans aren’t really aware of it 9 days before this transfer is about to take place. Now, as the Speaker knows, there are many things in this House both parties don’t always agree on—that might be an understatement. The President just transferred $1.7 billion to Iran; $400 million, arguably, was Iranian money, but $1.3 billion was American money, U.S. taxpayer money, transferred to Iran, the lead sponsor of Tehran cash. I disagree with that. Some of my colleagues on the other side might applaud that and think that is a great idea. I would disagree. Or the fact that we are releasing prisoners from Guantanamo Bay. Folks who helped craft the 9/11 attack are being released from GTMO back to areas where they can do America more harm. I disagree with that. My friends across the aisle might agree with those releases. Those are some big items that this Chamber does not agree on. But the transfer of control of the core functions of the Internet is something that many Members of this Chamber and many Americans agree with. It is going to transfer those core functions to an international foreign body that will include Russia and China and Iran and even Europe, transferring that control. And let’s make no mistake; the Internet was made in America. The Internet was paid for by American taxpayers at its point of invention, and the Internet has revolutionized the world, revolutionized the form in which we communicate. Not only is it great technology, but it embodies the American idea of freedom of speech. It is all open. Put out your ideas; some are good, some are bad, some are true, some are false, but it is free, just like that American idea of free speech. We have exported that freedom of speech idea to the rest of the world on the Internet, radically transformed the way people around the world communicate, and it was made in America with the American idea of free speech. Now, 9 days from now, we are on the cusp of transferring its control to a foreign body that doesn’t share that same idea of freedom of speech. We all know Russia doesn’t share that idea, China doesn’t share that idea, and Iran doesn’t share that idea. But you might say, my friends, Europe, they share that idea, don’t they? Not necessarily, they don’t. They have rules in the European Union that will delineate hate speech and offensive speech that has to be taken off the Internet—not an American idea. That is a European idea of free speech. But when you talk about offensive speech, offensive to whom? I could say, well, Catholics or Christians might hold certain positions and put certain things on the Internet that another group finds offensive, or the LGBT community might put something on the Internet that another group finds offensive. I am sorry. In a debate of ideas where you have a free flow, people can get offended, and that is okay. b1100 But, to shut down speech that is offensive, even in the European model, frankly, to me, is offensive. I think what we have to do in this body is to prevent the transfer. The Internet, I would argue, is U.S. Government property; and if the President is youknowwhatbent on transferring its control, it should come to this House and to the Senate. We should vote. We should have hearings and a debate. In the end, the American people should see how their Senators and their House Members vote on the transfer of the core functions of the Internet. They should have a say. They should be able to petition their elected Representatives to say: I love the idea that you are going to transfer control to a global body that doesn’t share our ideas, or, my goodness, stop the transfer. Petition your elected Representatives, and let’s have them take a vote. That is not going to happen. It is going to be transferred by the President— without a vote. I would ask all Americans to stand up, to push back, to fight back, and to make sure we maintain the great idea of the American and now global Internet. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Clarence A. Williams, Greater Mt. Zion African Methodist Episcopal Church, St. Petersburg, Florida, offered the following prayer: Our Father and our God, we are grateful for this Nation, its vastness, its beauty. Truly, we live in a land of milk and honey. Help us, we pray, to protect and preserve it so that its grandeur and fullness always remains. We are grateful for our people. A Nation of many cultures, from many different cultures, from many different races, many different religions, help us to love each other. We are grateful for our history, a rich, gleaming heritage, a heritage born from a spirit to be free; one moment defending freedom, at other times struggling to find it. Forgive us for the times that we have missed the mark. We are grateful for our leaders. Lord, bless the Members of this Chamber and the leadership of our great Nation. Help these Members own our country’s problems and work to find solutions. Finally, we are grateful for our future. Lord, bless the United States of America to be Your champion of righteousness that, supported by Thy powerful hand, we will establish Thy justice among nations and among men. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HARDY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND CLARENCE A. WILLIAMS The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome my friend and fellow Floridian, Reverend Clarence A. Williams to the House floor as our guest chaplain. Pastor Williams is a lifelong public servant and trailblazing leader in the Tampa Bay community. He serves as the senior pastor of the Greater Mt. Zion AME Church in St. Petersburg, Florida, which I have the honor to represent here in the Congress. Pastor Williams is a man of great wisdom and he is a man of action. In 2013, Pastor Williams formed Cross and Anvil Human Services, Inc., a nonprofit organization which works to close the educational, digital, and wealth gap for our neighbors in Tampa Bay. He is a founding member of Men in the Making, a youth mentoring organization; Life member of the NAACP; and board member of the Community Health Centers of Pinellas County. His unwavering commitment to the St. Petersburg community is displayed daily in his advocacy for education, civil rights, and equal opportunity for all of our neighbors. He is a native of Bartow, Florida, where he attended Bartow High School, and later Knoxville College in Knoxville, Tennessee. He is married to Mrs. Andrea P. Williams, and they have two lovely daughters. Mr. Speaker, I ask everyone to join me in thanking Pastor Williams for leading today’s opening prayer, and I thank him for his outstanding service to the St. Petersburg community. 
HELPING REFUGEES REBUILD— INTERNATIONAL DAY OF PEACE (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on International Day of Peace, to applaud the efforts of Connect2Peace, the Peace Coalition the Rock River Valley, to draw attention to the plight of children and refugees whose lives have been forever disrupted by war. Tonight, Rockford University and Connect2Peace will host a conversation on ‘‘How to Help Refugees Rebuild their World,’’ featuring Melissa Fleming, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. As chief spokesperson, Ms. Fleming speaks around the world on behalf of the more than 65 million vulnerable and voiceless people, half of which are children who are displaced from their homes by war, conflict, and persecution. Helping refugees rebuild amid war and poverty is difficult and complicated, but there is hope. Groups like Kids Around the World in Rockford have stepped in to feed children and help them enjoy their disrupted childhood through donated playground sets. People like Denny Johnson, founder of Kids Around the World, and U.N. Commissioner Melissa Fleming work tirelessly to bring hope into seemingly hopeless situations. As an executive committee member for the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, today I urge us to pray and act for peace in our world. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, every year, from September 15 to October 15, our Nation marks Hispanic Heritage Month to celebrate the enduring contribution of Latinos throughout our country’s history. I am proud to represent a district that has been shaped and bolstered by generations of Hispanic Americans as well as recent Latin American immigrants. Los Angeles County is home to great Hispanic leaders, like Long Beach Mayor Robert Garcia, L.A. County Supervisor Hilda Solis, and State Senator Ricardo Lara. For the first time in history, our California State Legislature is led by two Latino lawmakers, Senate Pro Tem Kevin de Leon and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon. California is proof that diversity is a strength and something we must recommit to and celebrate. That is why we must, as a nation, condemn attempts to demonize, marginalize, and scapegoat immigrant families. We are better than that as a country. We need to stop playing politics with people’s lives and finally do our jobs and pass comprehensive immigration reform that fixes our broken immigration system and lives up to our American values. We can be better. Let us recommit to these values while we mark this year’s Hispanic Heritage Month. f 
CONGRESSMAN JEFF MILLER HAS MADE A DIFFERENCE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that in my service I began as a member of the unique class of 2001. These were Members elected in special elections that year, including nowU.S. Senator JOHNBOOZMAN of Arkansas, along with chairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, JEFF MILLER of Florida, and chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, RANDY FORBES of Virginia, both of whom are now concluding their House service. Since being elected to the House, Chairman JEFF MILLER has demonstrated his remarkable leadership as a member of the House Armed Services Committee, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and as chairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Chairman MILLER has been a dedicated advocate for troops, veterans, and military families. He has also worked tirelessly to hold the Department of Veterans Affairs accountable to ensure our servicemembers receive the best care. A Trump administration would have an excellent Secretary of Veterans Affairs. I appreciate Chairman MILLER , his wife, Vicki, and his family for honorably serving the people of the First Congressional District of Florida. Roxanne and I will always treasure them as champions for American families. Godspeed, JEFFand Vicki. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
AMERICAN ECONOMY IS STRONGER UNDER DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, let’s bury a myth, the persistent claim that Republicans are better at managing the economy than Democrats. Under President Obama, we have come a long way since the dark days of the Bushera Great Recession. And whether you look at the past 7
1⁄2years under President Obama or the past 70 years since Truman, the Democratic 
record on the economy is very strong; the strong Democrat blue vs. red for the Republicans. A recent study by Princeton University economists Alan Blinder and Mark Watson underscores this point. It shows that, since World War II, the economy has performed better under Democratic Presidents over Republican Presidents. Blinder and Watson say it this way: ‘‘The U.S. economy has performed better when the President of the United States is a Democrat rather than a Republican, almost regardless of how one measures performance.’’ But Republicans still make the questionable claim that they do better at managing the economy. Let’s put an end to that myth. Let’s move to a more evidencebased discussion and bury the myth that Republicans are better at managing the economy. The facts and the metrics speak for themselves; the strong blue Democratic record under Democratic Presidents managing the economy. 
CONFRONTING THE ZIKA THREAT TO SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, lowered the travel warning for Zika in the Wynwood area to a cautionary travel guidance, which is consistent with the rest of the MiamiDade County mainland. After comprehensive eradication efforts, there is no longer any evidence of active Zika transmissions in the area of Wynwood. Though the situation in Wynwood has improved, the Zika zone has nearly tripled in Miami Beach, however. The CDC has now expanded the active Zika transmission warning zone for Miami Beach to a 4.5squaremile area covering most of the city. Mr. Speaker, even as we make significant progress in the fight against Zika, the threat remains persistent in south Florida. Congress must fund antiZika efforts now with no policy riders and without any more delay. This is an epidemic that we must eliminate once and for all. South Florida families deserve better and they should not have to wait any longer for Federal funding. Let’s pass a Zika funding bill now. 
CELEBRATING THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PUGET SOUND NAVAL SHIPYARD (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 125th anniversary of the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard. If you come into Bremerton, Washington, by ferry, you see a big yellow and blue slogan painted on the side of the shipyard’s Building 460, and it says: ‘‘Puget Sound Naval Shipyard: Building on a Proud Tradition.’’ That proud tradition is based on the hard work of men and women who, for 125 years, have invested in their trades, shown up each day and gotten the job done for this country, and the uniformed personnel who have carried out the mission there. Our shipyard workers serve our Nation and help keep our sailors and submariners safe. And through its long history, the shipyard has been central in building up our fleet during World War I, and repairing damaged ships during World War II, and throughout other wartime efforts. Today, they get our ships ready so the Navy can continue to provide strategic deterrence and peacekeeping all across the globe. We live in a dangerous world where threats exist, and I have such admiration and respect for the role the shipyard and its workers play in protecting our servicemembers and protecting our Nation. The future looks bright for this institution under the leadership of Captain Howard Markle. Recently I had the honor of speaking at the shipyard’s apprenticeship graduation, and I can tell you that these folks are ready to carry on that proud tradition at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard. f 
SUPPORT OUR NORTH COUNTRY APPLE FARMERS (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, do you like apples? Because I rise today to speak about that great time of year when days grow crisp and leaves start to change, apple season. Agriculture is the backbone of our economy in the North Country, and New York State is the second largest producing State in the country where we export our delicious products across the globe. For most families, a trip apple picking is a great annual tradition this time of year. I have had the pleasure of touring apple orchards across my district, from Applejacks Orchards in Plattsburgh, to Forrence and Everett Orchards in Peru, to Kaneb Orchards in Massena. Every year, during apple season, these orchards and many others in the North Country produce bushels and bushels of apples for eating as fresh fruit, to be made into juice and cider, and even to fill delicious apple pies. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand on the House floor today to support our North Country apple farmers. b1215 FLINT, MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, in the next week or so, we will pass a spending bill to fund the government for the next 10 weeks, and it is absolutely critical that we include in that legislation funding to help my hometown of Flint recover from the terrible water crisis that it is facing. That should be included in the continuing resolution. A city of 100,000 people, for 2 years, can’t drink their water and are still dealing with the effects of lead poisoning. Hearings have been held in Congress, multiple committees, lots of sympathy, and Members asking me: What can I do? It is real simple. The Senate passed legislation that would provide relief for the people of Flint, 95–3, bipartisan legislation, paid for— let me emphasize—paid for. We have an offset. Yet, House negotiators, on the continuing resolution, continue to take the position that we will consider relief for all sorts of issues, and we will get a spending bill, but nothing for Flint. Take yes for an answer. When you asked us to come up with an offset to deal with this terrible public health crisis, we came up with an offset. So to my colleagues, my God, at long last, do the right thing. Help this community that is struggling. We have come up with a way to get it done. There is no excuse for not getting it done. It has to happen now. f 
RECOGNIZING FIREBALL RUN ADVENTURE RALLY’S VISIT TO CURWENSVILLE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of an event in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District—and across New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, and Massachusetts— raising awareness for missing children across our Nation. Fireball Run is an 8day, 2,000mile road rally competition starting this Friday and running through Saturday, October 1. This Sunday, I will be joining the teams in Curwensville, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. While I have been told that the race itself is a lot of fun, what really impresses me about the Fireball Run is the effort made to raise awareness for missing children across the United States of America. Every driving team is assigned a child missing from their home area, in addition to being provided 1,000 missing child flyers to distribute along their 2,000mile journey. Since the start of Fireball Run 10 years ago, the campaign has aided in the recovery of 44 missing children. 
I commend everyone involved in Fireball Run for their selfless efforts in raising awareness for this important issue, and I wish them the best of luck and safety as their journey begins on Friday. 
COMMEMORATING 100TH BIRTHDAY OF EASTERN STATES EXPOSITION (Mr. NEAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Eastern States Exposition held annually in West Springfield, Massachusetts. Founded in 1916, the Eastern States Exposition, more affectionately known as ‘‘The Big E,’’ for a century has been a showcase for what all six New England States have to offer. Starting last Friday and running for a total of 17 days, this celebration will play host to hundreds of agricultural and livestock displays, thousands of food and craft vendors, and will welcome over 1 million visitors through its duration. Mr. Speaker, there is no denying that The Big E is woven into the culture of western Massachusetts. Furthermore, it is a driving force behind the regional tourism economy. I wish to congratulate Eastern States Chairman Donald Chase, President Eugene Cassidy, and the many staff and volunteers on the work done in preparation for this centennial celebration. May this year stand as a testament to the next 100 years. Congratulations from the United States of America. 
NATIONAL ESTUARY WEEK (Mr. POSEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, this week we recognize National Estuary Week, a week dedicated to raising awareness of the importance of our Nation’s estuaries. The Eighth District of Florida is home to the Indian River Lagoon, one of the most diverse estuaries in North America and the world. Stretching 156 miles along Florida’s east coast, our lagoon is a sanctuary for nearly 4,000 species of wildlife, an economic engine for our community, and an invaluable recreational and educational resource for residents and visitors. Since estuaries are places where freshwater mixes with saltwater, preserving the delicate balance is as critical as it can be difficult. Many estuaries, including our lagoon, are experiencing challenges like harmful algae blooms, declines in sea grass, and invasive species. These threats require our immediate attention. This week, millions of Americans will show their commitment to our estuaries through volunteer efforts. We all have a role to play in caring for our environment. It is a matter of awareness and of action. f 
CONDEMNING RESTRICTIVE VOTING LAWS (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, Congress is about to go home for the most important event in any democracy: the November 8 elections. We will leave a cloud over our democracy in failing to update the 1965 Voting Rights Act, recommended by the Supreme Court, when it struck down section 4 requiring Federal preclearance of State laws with a history of discrimination. My resolution, H. Res. 846, condemning restrictive voting laws, documents that no sooner was preclearance overturned than States galloped to pass new onerous voting restrictions. So unconstitutional were these laws that not only in southern States but also, even without the preclearance process, they have been struck down in four States: Texas, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Ohio. Seldom has Congress had so much realtime evidence of the need to renew legislation. The evidence is a virtual mandate for Congress to make history again and update our democracy by updating the Voting Rights Act. 
UNSUSTAINABLE OVERTIME RULE (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, we have heard from countless small businesses, colleges and universities, nonprofits, and the public sector that the recent Department of Labor’s overtime rule change is not sustainable. In a few short months, employers will be forced to accept a 100 percent increase in the salary threshold. This rule has the potential to result in the unintended consequences that impact an employee’s hours being reduced, employees being switched to hourly status and thus a reduction in benefits, or worse. This change has the potential to devastate many businesses and their employers. With our country still slogging through a recovery, such a dramatic increase is misguided and illadvised. Mr. Speaker, the House has held multiple hearings, we have authored various letters, and legislation has been drafted on the rule. It must not go into effect as planned this year. 
RECOGNIZING LIFE AND LEGACY OF JAMES O’NEILL (Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of the late James O’Neill. James was a giant in the law enforcement community in my home district in the Hudson Valley. We lost him suddenly on Sunday, July 17, at the age of 59, of an apparent heart attack. On that day, though, we didn’t just lose a friend but we also lost a father, a husband, and an icon in the New York City and Putnam County police communities. Jimmy was born and raised in the Bronx. He was a graduate of Visitation School and of Cardinal Hayes High School. He joined the NYPD in 1979. He lived a life devoted to service and dedicated nearly 30 years to the New York Police Department before retiring as a detective and squad supervisor in 1999. He went on to become a founding member of the New York Shields and president of the Fraternal Order of Police in Putnam County. He was an outspoken leader whose efforts involved working with officers suffering from mental and emotional effects of serving in the force. He was an icon in the police community, and he was the consummate cop’s cop. He not only devoted his own career as a police officer and a detective to serving others but, even after his retirement, he devoted himself in so many ways to helping other officers and their families in times of need. I want to send my personal condolences to Jimmy’s wife, Kathy, and his son, James, along with their dear friends, Joanne Viola, Henry Primus, John McCardle, and Paul Curtin, all of whom have joined us here today. We are honored by your presence. The law enforcement community, Hudson Valley, and New York have lost one of their finest, and he will be sorely missed. The beauty of Jimmy’s life can be summed up by this: he loved his family beyond all measure, gave all to his friends and community, and was the most humble and decent man anyone can say they ever knew. His absence is a chasm that we will never fill. f 
STARBUCKS UPSTANDERS (Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Starbucks and their new program called the Upstanders series for recognizing Baldwin Community Schools and the Baldwin Promise. The Upstanders series was created by Starbucks to showcase uplifting American stories. I believe that Starbucks found a uniquely inspiring story to tell when they highlighted Baldwin, Michigan. Baldwin Community Schools was designated as a Michigan Promise Zone in 2009, meaning that every child who attended school in Baldwin has a tuition free path to a college education. Earning this designation took commitment 
and sacrifice from the entire Baldwin community. In order to be designated, the village of Baldwin had to privately fundraise over $100,000. Baldwin looked within for those donations, even though it is located in Lake County, the 22nd poorest county in the Nation, where more than 24 percent of the residents live below the poverty level. They not only hit their goal, but they exceeded their goal. In fact, they raised more than $160,000 than what the goal had been. The people of Baldwin and their commitment to their community, one another, and, more importantly, future generations truly is exemplified by this story. I would like to thank Starbucks again for what they have done to highlight that. This is really what community in west Michigan is all about. I want to thank them again for creating this series and then recognizing Baldwin and sharing that story with the Nation. 
NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION’S NEW FRONTIERS (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the development of new frontiers in the area of seismology and the study of the Earth’s interior. Most studies of seismic waves have been limited to surfacebased exploration due to ease of installation. But the NSF recently funded a dense, underground, threedimensional array of 13 highsensitivity broadband seismometers at the Homestake mine in South Dakota. This ambitious project will give rise to new seismic data analysis techniques and aid in the design of future underground gravitationalwave detectors, which will lead to breakthroughs in seismic noise tomography. These discoveries will have a broad range of applications, ranging from medical diagnoses, detection of mineral and oil deposits, and homeland security. I commend the National Science Foundation in their efforts to keep the United States at the forefront of technical advancement and scientific breakthroughs through its projects. 
HONORING TEXAS TECH BASEBALL (Mr. NEUGEBAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2016 Texas Tech Red Raider baseball team. The Red Raiders, led by Big 12 coach of year, Tim Tadlock, capped off a tremendous season in which they won the Big 12 title and advanced to the College World Series for the second time in the past 3 years. This trip, they earned the program’s firstever win in Omaha. This team’s hard work was evident as I watched their impressive run. I want to highlight the contributions of the senior class, a group who led Tech to 149 wins since 2013. Several of these players have moved on to professional baseball careers, and we wish all of them the best in their future endeavors. This team ended the year ranked number 4 nationally, Tech’s highest ranking in school history. I am especially proud of the way these young men carried themselves in victory and defeat. Under the guidance of Coach Tadlock and his staff, next year’s team should be well positioned to carry on Tech’s recent baseball success. Red Raider nation and I thank you for the way you represented the university. f 
b1230 VETERAN SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate Veteran Suicide Prevention Month. Today, after more than a decade of war, a new generation of veterans is facing real challenges. No man or woman who has sacrificed so much for our country should return home feeling alone or feeling like there is nowhere to turn. Far too often, that is the reality in which our veterans live. In fact, every single day, 20 veterans commit suicide. During the last decade, nearly a third of veterans treated at VA medical centers had been diagnosed with PTSD. We have to do better. That is why I was proud to be a cosponsor of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act last year to increase resources for veterans and improve oversight of the VA. I am working closely with veterans service organizations in our district to ensure that all veterans receive the highquality care that they have earned and deserve. This month, it is my hope that our awareness can finally turn into meaningful action for our veterans. 
MISGUIDED OVERTIME RULE (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the Department of Labor’s misguided overtime rule because it will undoubtedly harm Hoosier small businesses, nonprofits, universities, and the jobs they support. We all agree our Nation’s overtime rules should be updated; however, this administration has proposed a rule that will stifle job growth, limit opportunity, and lead to less hours and flexibility for Hoosier workers. The director of an Indianabased nonprofit that aids individuals with physical and mental disabilities recently said the new rule will have dire consequences for the organization’s workers. That is why I am proud to support H.R. 4773 and H.J. Res. 95, to stop implementation of this rule, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. f 
LET’S PASS A CLEAN ZIKA FUNDING BILL (Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, 19,000 and counting, that is the number of people with confirmed cases of Zika in America so far; 1,800 and counting, the number of pregnant women in the U.S. with confirmed cases of Zika so far; 17 and counting, the number of babies born with birth defects related to the Zika virus so far; 6 months and counting, that is how long ago President Obama asked Congress to do its job and provide supplemental funding to combat the virus. Mr. Speaker, how many more Americans must suffer before the House Republicans realize that the health of our families matters more than politics? How many more pregnant women must receive the devastating news they have contracted the virus before the GOP leadership stops playing games with American lives? Instead of heeding the pleas of the CDC, public health experts, and the medical community, House Republicans revealed their true priorities when they decided to hold Zika funding hostage over women’s health care and the Confederate flag. That is just wrong, Mr. Speaker. Let’s protect pregnant women. Let’s save vulnerable infants. Let’s pass a clean Zika funding bill. 
THERE IS A MASS KILLING (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is witness to a silent mass killing every day this year. This year, more than 250,000 Americans have lost their lives so far, but the public never knew it. It has never been on the front page of The New York Times or The Washington Post, and it is not discussed on CNN or FOX. Tomorrow, this mass killing will continue. And every day we allow it, over 900 more will die. With 100 days left this year, nearly 100,000 American lives are on the line unless we take immediate action. As we sit and watch this tragedy from our comfortable offices, I wonder if my colleagues have statements prepared for the thousands of parents and siblings and friends who lost or will 
lose a loved one in this mass killing back home. I wonder how we will look families in the eye when we leave Washington and say, there wasn’t enough time, we wanted to go home, and yet those who died will never go home. Mr. Speaker, there is time if we act today. I ask the Senate to stop the tragedy and please call up and pass H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, because where there is help, there is hope. 
HELPING FLORIDA’S ORANGE AND CITRUS FARMERS (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, my home State of Florida is well known for the best tasting orange juice that I am fortunate to have grown up drinking, and we sell that orange juice across our great country. But today, our citrus farmers and orange industry are experiencing a crisis unparalleled to anything we have seen in the last century. Citrus greening—an invasive disease that ravages citrus plants—has steadily taken its toll on Florida citrus, and it is spreading to other States, too. That is why I am proud to support the Emergency Citrus Disease Response Act, which would allow citrus growers to deduct the cost of replacing lost or damaged citrus plants from their taxes. This Congress must work together across party lines to do all we can to help Florida’s orange and citrus farmers. This legislation will help them afford the new trees they need to restore our citrus crop so we can all keep drinking the best orange juice ever. 
TREATING INDIVIDUALS FACING SERIOUS DISEASE OR DISABILITY EQUALLY UNDER THE LAW (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 670, the Special Needs Trust Fairness Act, which I have cosponsored. This bill would allow nonelderly individuals with a disability to create a special needs trust for themselves, as opposed to needing a relative or guardian to create such a trust for them. Importantly, these trusts would also be exempt from being considered as an asset when an individual applies for eligibility for Medicaid benefits, meaning the individual with the special needs trust can still be eligible for Medicaid benefits. This legislation would make a straightforward correction in Federal law that would ensure all individuals facing serious disease or disability are treated equally under the law and are able to manage their lives with independence. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for acting to advance this bill. f 
HONORING A MINNESOTA HERO (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank a true American hero, Jason Falconer, for his bravery during a time of grave crisis in Minnesota. This past weekend, terror struck our community when an attacker, whom the Islamic State took responsibility for, stepped into the Crossroads Center mall in St. Cloud with an evil intention: to kill innocent Minnesotans. The targets of this malicious plan were parents and their children, college students taking a break from their studies, and mall employees, all of whom found themselves suddenly trapped in a horrible nightmare. This cowardly attacker had already stabbed 10 victims and may have succeeded in taking life if it were not for the heroic actions of an offduty Avon police officer, Jason Falconer, who confronted and shot the attackerterrorist before he could do more harm. Mr. Speaker, words cannot adequately express the gratitude those of us in my State have for Jason Falconer. He stepped in when he was needed most and protected those around him without even the slightest hesitation or concern for his own safety. During such troubling times, it is a comfort to know that there are true heroes like Jason Falconer among us. Thank you, Jason, and God bless you. 
SPACE TANGO (Mr. BARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a cuttingedge space technology company located in the Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky. Space Tango has an innovative business model that utilizes the unique environment of microgravity to commercialize new discoveries in exomedicine for various applications on Earth. Space Tango established a test center called TangoLab1, a reconfigurable experiment ecosystem designed for microgravity research aboard the International Space Station. The company, ably led by CEO Twyman Clements and Chairman Kris Kimel, leases this space and provides technical assistance for research across several scientific fields. Space Tango provides realtime data and commanding capabilities using an endtoend cloudbased portal as well as environmental telemetry and power consumption. I recently had the privilege of visiting the offices of Space Tango in my hometown of Lexington, Kentucky, and learned firsthand from Twyman and Kris and their entire team about the innovative work of this impressive company. I am convinced that, with this technology, we will find the next lifesaving, lifeimproving medical breakthroughs, and it will happen somewhere other than on planet Earth. I am proud to say that Space Tango and many other aerospace companies call the Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky home, and I am excited to see what innovations and groundbreaking discoveries they will make in the future, both on Earth and beyond. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5461, IRANIAN LEADERSHIP ASSET TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 876 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. b1245 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, as I was listening to the Reading Clerk read through the rule, it sounded a little restrictive. Today, I went back and referenced my notes just to make sure that I was right. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 876 is a structured rule, but it provides for the consideration of absolutely every amendment submitted to the Rules Committee on H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act. Every single amendment that was submitted by this body to the Rules Committee for approval was approved and will be made in order by this rule. The underlying bill requires the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to Congress and make that report available online in its nonclassified parts—obviously, the classified parts would be restricted to Members of Congress—that estimates the total assets under direct or indirect control of senior Iranian leaders, including those with ties to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. Mr. Speaker, as you know, it is well documented that many of Iran’s political and military leaders have amassed substantial personal wealth on the backs of the citizens of Iran. It gives them control over all sorts of sectors of the Iranian economy. In fact, the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service estimates that onethird of the Iranian economy—that includes telecommunications; it includes construction; it includes airports; it includes seaports—is controlled by leaders personally in the government—these political and military elites—through what they will call personal foundations. Mr. Speaker, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action—that is what most of America knows as the Iran deal, signed by President Obama—has allowed many Iranian entities that are tied to government corruption to be removed from the list of entities that American businesses are prohibited from doing business with—those businesses sanctioned by the U.S. Government. Given the large agreement that we have in this Chamber that the Iranian Government is embracing corruption at every level, it is clear that much of the foreign investment from U.S. companies should be limited but is not under the current regime. What is more, U.S. businesses today that are able to invest in Iran are doing so without any of the knowledge of whom they are supporting and what kinds of corruption may be involved. That is bad news for America. It is bad news for American national security, and it is bad news for the American economy. H.R. 5461 will shine a light on that internal Iranian corruption, and it will allow American businesses the information they need to determine whom and whom not to do business with. We may hear today in the underlying bill, Mr. Speaker, that these requirements are too burdensome. I tell you that that is nonsense. It is simply a request that the Department of the Treasury, using existing resources—public resources—as well as our classified resources, make this report to Congress. We are talking about only 80 folks. We are talking about the Supreme Leader of Iran; we are talking about the President of Iran; we are talking about members of the Council of Guardians in Iran; we are talking about the Expeditionary Council and about two dozen Revolutionary Guard Corps leaders. In the war on terror, in the quest for transparency, I am certain that the United States Government, through the Department of the Treasury, can provide this information. We may hear in the underlying debate that such information will expose our intelligence sources overseas—again, nonsense. There is not a single Member of this Chamber, from left to right, who wants to do that. No one wants to do that. Anything that is in a classified setting that needs to remain in a classified setting will, in fact, remain in a classified setting. Mr. Speaker, if you have any of those concerns—in fact, if any Member of this Chamber has any of those concerns—I invite him to support this rule. Again, with the passage of this rule, we will move to the underlying bill. We will have a fullfledged debate on that underlying bill, including a debate over every single amendment offered for consideration in this body. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and to support the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) for the customary 30 minutes. With all that we have to do, I can’t believe we are here doing this; nonetheless, here we are today, considering H.R. 5461, the socalled Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act. This bill would require the Secretary of the Treasury to report to Congress and post online the estimated total assets under the direct or indirect control of certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, along with a description of how these assets were acquired and are employed, regardless of whether said figures are subject to U.S. sanctions. The fact is that this bill—and let’s be clear about it—is nothing more than another attempt by Republicans to undermine the historic agreement the United States worked so hard to achieve to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. Preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons is a big deal. I am sorry my colleagues on the other side of the aisle don’t share that view, but it is a big deal. The world will be safer with a nuclearfree Iran. Last July, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, China, Germany—the P5+1—and Iran agreed to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which required Iran to abandon its nuclear program in exchange for U.S., EU, and U.N. sanctions being lifted. The agreement officially came into effect on October 18, 2015. U.S. nuclearrelated sanctions were lifted on January 16, 2016, after the International Atomic Energy Agency verified that Iran implemented its key nuclearrelated measures described in the agreement and the Secretary of State confirmed the IAEA’s verification. Since the implementation of the agreement, Republicans have repeatedly tried to create the impression of numerous scandals surrounding Iran and of supposed violations of the agreement; but the reality is that the agreement has, so far, prevented Iran from developing a nuclear arsenal. While we will continue to counter Iran’s hostile activities in the region, we will not undermine the JCPOA. H.R. 5461 would absolutely do nothing to increase transparency within the Iranian financial industry. Rather, this bill would cause confusion regarding compliance obligations, deter nonU.S. banks from reengaging with legitimate Iranian business, and undermine the letter and spirit of the nuclear agreement the United States worked so hard to achieve. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R ECORD  the Statement of Administration Policy, which basically ends with this statement, that if the President were presented with this bill, his senior advisers would recommend that he veto this bill. 
H.R. 5461—IRANIAN LEADERSHIP ASSET TRANS PARENCY ACT —REP. POLIQUIN , R–ME, AND ONE  
COSPONSOR  The Administration shares the Congress’ goals of increasing transparency and bringing Iran into compliance with international standards in the global fight against terror finance and money laundering. However, this bill would be counterproductive toward those shared goals. The bill requires the U.S. Government to publicly report all assets held by some of Iran’s highest leaders and to describe how these assets are acquired and used. Rather than preventing terrorist financing and money laundering, this bill would incentivize those involved to make their financial dealings less transparent and create a disincentive for Iran’s banking sector to demonstrate transparency. These onerous reporting requirements also would take critical resources away from the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s important work to identify Iranian entities engaged in sanctionable conduct. Producing this information could also compromise intelligence sources and methods. One of our best tools for impeding destabilizing Iranian activities has been to identify Iranian companies that are controlled by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) or other Iranians on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN List) to nonU.S. businesses, so that they can block assets or stop material transfers. This process is laborintensive and requires the judicious use of our national intelligence assets. Redirecting these assets to preparing this onerous public report would be counterproductive and will not reduce institutional corruption or promote transparency within Iran’s system. In addition, this bill’s required public postings also may be perceived by Iran and likely our Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) partners as an attempt to undermine the fulfillment of our commitments, in turn impacting the continued viability of this diplomatic arrangement that peacefully and verifiably prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. If the JCPOA were to fail on that basis, it would remove the unprecedented constraints on and monitoring of Iran’s nuclear program, lead to the unraveling of the international sanctions regime against Iran, and deal a devastating blow to the credibility of America’s leadership and our commitments to our closest allies. As we address our concerns with Iran’s nuclear program through implementation of the JCPOA, the Administration remains cleareyed regarding Iran’s support for terrorism, its ballistic missile program, human rights abuses, and destabilizing activity in the region. The United States should retain all of the tools needed to counter this activity, ranging from powerful sanctions to our efforts to disrupt and interdict illicit shipments of weapons and proliferationsensitive technologies. This bill would adversely affect the U.S. Government’s ability to wield these tools, would undermine the very goals it purports to achieve, and could even endanger our ability to ensure that Iran’s nuclear program is and remains exclusively peaceful. If the President were presented with H.R. 5461, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto this bill. Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is going nowhere. Quite frankly, I think it is an insult to the American people that we are bringing up more and more bills that are going nowhere when we have so much here to do. Congress has roughly a week before we recess again, and instead of focusing on passing a bipartisan bill to actually fund the government, House Republicans are wasting more time with partisan bills like this, and it really is quite unfortunate. But, since Republicans want to talk about transparency so much, let’s talk about the transparency—or the total lack of transparency—of their Presidential nominee, Donald Trump. I have got to tell you that I have been doing this a long time, and I think it is safe to say that Donald Trump’s lack of transparency would make Richard Nixon blush. For 40 years, America’s major party nominees have publicly released their tax returns, a simple and basic disclosure made to the American people to help them choose which candidate is best fit to be our next President. Donald Trump, the nominee of the party that is telling us today that they care so much about transparency, has repeatedly refused to release his tax returns. This comes even after he promised in 2014 that he ‘‘absolutely’’—and I say that in quotes—would release them if he ran for President. Let’s be honest. In this House of Representatives, if Hillary Clinton refused to release her tax returns, there would be an outcry like you have never heard from my Republican friends. There would be calls for hearings and resolutions and probably even a vote to impeach her retroactively once she was elected. We all know that. But, on Donald Trump’s lack of transparency—the guy who wants to be President of the United States—they are silent. The secrecy and the lack of transparency doesn’t stop with Donald Trump’s tax returns. This month, Newsweek reported on how Donald Trump’s extensive financial dealings overseas would pose an unprecedented conflict of interest that could threaten our national security and global interests. In the article, they write: 
Never before has a business posed such a threat to the United States. If Donald Trump wins this election and his company is not immediately shut down or forever severed from the entire Trump family, the foreign policy of the United States of America could well be for sale. 
The Trump Organization has hundreds of business dealings involving more than a dozen countries on five continents, including Russia, India, Turkey, Libya, China, and South Korea. Newsweek warns that, as long as The Trump Organization remains open, foreign governments and businesses would be able to funnel money directly into the pockets of Trump and his family. That means American foreign policy would be literally for sale. It is a situation unlike anything we have ever seen in American history. For example, Trump’s business deals could motivate him to abandon NATO allies like Turkey and important Asian allies like South Korea. His deals in Azerbaijan could force him to alter his position on Iran or undermine U.S. relations with Armenia. His deals in India could influence his position over longstanding conflicts with Pakistan— in a volatile subcontinent where both nations have nuclear weapons. When it comes to Russia, there are concerns about Trump’s heaping praise and praise and praise on an increasingly hostile foreign leader, Russian President Vladimir Putin, at the same time his company is seeking business opportunities in Russia and how that conflict of interest could evolve if Trump were President of the United States. Newsweek also reports that the friction caused by Trump’s business dealings could jeopardize relationships with our allies like Turkey in the fight against ISIS. Additionally, one of Trump’s business partners is a South Korean company that is involved in nuclear energy, which makes you wonder if that is why he suggested South Korea should have nuclear weapons. So, if you want to talk about transparency and if you are worried about conflicts of interest and corruption, you ought to demand that the nominee of your party come clean with the American people. You ought to demand that he release his tax returns, that he make it clear that he would end all of his business ties if, God forbid, he would become President of the United States, which is something that, I hope, we never, ever get close to. The bottom line is that that is something that is real and is right before us, and, quite frankly, we ought to be doing more about it. We shouldn’t be wasting the American people’s time with more partisan messaging bills that claim to be about transparency— bills that are going absolutely nowhere. We should focus on passing a bipartisan funding bill that keeps this government open and that takes real action to combat the very real Zika virus and other public health crises that Americans are actually confronting. I urge the Members of both parties to defeat this rule and get back to work on real issues that actually matter in the lives of the people whom we represent. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts if he has any further speakers remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would just inform the gentleman that we have one additional speaker who says he is on his way. Mr. WOODALL. I tell the gentleman I, too, have a rumored speaker who is on his way, so we are in the same boat in that space. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I read further from the Statement of Administration Policy, the veto threat that the gentleman from Massachusetts noted earlier. b1300 He did read the section that said: If the President were presented with H.R. 5461, his senior advisers would recommend that he veto the bill. There is more on this page, Mr. Speaker. He also says: ‘‘ . . . the Administration remains cleareyed regarding Iran’s support for terrorism, its ballistic missile program, human rights abuses, and destabilizing activity in the region.’’ Now, Mr. Speaker, what he is referencing, no doubt, ties into the report that the State Department released over the summer, naming Iran the number one international sponsor of terrorism. Now, what this bill asks is: If you know you have a corrupt government— again, in the administration’s words, Iran’s support for terrorism, its ballistic program, its human rights abuses, and its destabilizing activity in the region—if you know that you have a dangerous government and if you know that corrupt leaders of that government are hiding their resources in foundations across the nation, if you know that those foundations are controlling a third of the Iranian economy, continuing to keep its foot on the voice of the Iranian people, if you know that this is true, why won’t you stand up and be counted? My friend from Massachusetts says we shouldn’t waste our time on this because it is going nowhere. Candidly, I believe leadership is taking those things that folks believe are going nowhere and making them a reality. That is what the President did with this Iran deal. When I go back and think about the polling that was going on across the Nation while the President was pushing this deal around the globe, there was no more unpopular agreement with the American people. The American people were livid that we would be making a deal to perpetuate the power and control structure in Iran, but the President led on that. He forced that through. I don’t believe we ever got a majority of the American people behind it, but he got a majority of the Congress to support him in that effort. Mr. Speaker, this is about information. This is about information on a known sponsor of global terrorism. This is about providing information not just to American citizens, but to Iranian citizens. If you live in the nation of Iran, if you have that average annual income of $15,000, Mr. Speaker, you might be interested to know how the other half lives. You might be interested to know, when your leaders are talking about the Great Satan on national television, where it is they are stuffing their pockets. You might be interested to know, when folks are talking about you rising up to fight the Great Satan, where those folks have their relatives working, where their millions are growing, what parts of the economy they are controlling. That is all this bill is going to ask for. Again, Mr. Speaker, we are here to debate the rule today. The rule makes it in order to consider the underlying bill as well as every single amendment that has been offered by both sides of the aisle to perfect the underlying bill. Again, I urge my colleagues to be enthusiastic in their support of the underlying bill and of the rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just respond to the gentleman that the reason why the administration wants to veto this bill has nothing to do with the fact that they aren’t concerned about Iran’s role in promoting terrorist organizations around the world or being involved in very bad behavior. I think they are opposed to this bill because they don’t think it is worth anything; that it is not going to work. In fact, rather than preventing terrorist financing and money laundering, this bill would actually incentivize those affected to make their financial dealings less transparent and create a disincentive for Iran’s banking sector to demonstrate transparency. Look, we are all talking about this like this is all on the level. The real deal is that my friends on the other side are upset that the President of the United States negotiated a deal with Iran that prevents them from getting a nuclear weapon. So we see a multitude of bills like this coming to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question. And if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would expand the Department of Homeland Security’s presence overseas. Mr. Speaker, this legislation would strengthen DHS’s operations by authorizing and expanding Department of Homeland Security, Customs and Border Protection, and Immigration and Customs Enforcement programs that vet and screen individuals before they enter the United States. It would add an additional 2,000 Customs and Border Protection officers for overseas and domestic operations. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to discuss our proposal, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for allowing me the time. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question so we can bring up my bill, H.R. 5256, the Expanding DHS Overseas Passenger Security Screening and Vetting Operations Act. Mr. Speaker, everybody we have talked to within the Homeland Security arena says that, as Americans, we are safer if we can push our borders out. So the notion that we should wait on the bad guys to get here is a notion that obviously would put us in harm’s way. So what we are proposing with this bill is enhancing the ability for us to push our borders out. We have had examples of this. They have all been successful. So this is another effort to resource the opportunity to make sure that our borders not only are just safe, but as safe from American soil as possible. So 15 years ago, Mr. Speaker, foreign terrorists carried out the most deadly and costly terrorist act on U.S. soil. We committed ourselves to creating the Department of Homeland Security. We resourced it. We put a number of agencies together. We are on a dayto day basis tracking bad people all over the world, preventing bad people from getting into the United States. To the credit of our men and women, they are doing a good job, but we are only as good as the resources that we put to fight terrorism. So this, again, is one of the tools in the toolkit that we have identified that we have to have, which is to push our borders out so that we can not only keep Americans safe, but we can, through our enhanced vetting process, keep bad people out. So as the 9/11 Commission reported, the terrorists that carried out this heinous act on 9/11 were able to exploit legitimate channels of travel to the U.S. from countries around the globe. There is no question about that. To prevent terrorist travel, the Department of Homeland Security has made significant efforts to expand its presence and partnerships around the world to vet passengers well in advance of their arrival to the U.S. For instance, Mr. Speaker, there are over 200 airports around the world. The lastpointofdeparture airports, to speak of, where unless we can vet all those individuals who are trying to come here, they can’t get on the plane. So what we are trying to do is continue to enhance that effort and others to make sure that anyone trying to get to this country—and we can identify that they are bad people—that we will keep them away. My legislation, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5256, will strengthen these operations to deal with evolving terrorist threats, including the threats posed by individuals traveling without visas from European and other countries with visa waiver agreements with the U.S. 
Now, to prevent these terrorists and other dangerous people from entering the U.S., Mr. Speaker, this legislation directs DHS to strategically expand its program that vets and screens travelers. It specifically authorizes key DHS vetting and screening programs. It also provides for an additional 2,000 Customs and Border Protection officers for not only overseas operations, but also to address domestic shortages, particularly at U.S. international airports. Mr. Speaker, even as we absorb the events of this weekend where Americans carried out terrorist attacks in Minnesota, New York, and New Jersey, we must do all we can to prevent foreign terrorists, including an estimated 3,000 Europeans trained as foreign fighters by ISIL, from entering the United States. Defeating the previous question, Mr. Speaker, will allow Members to consider my bill, H.R. 5256, that will do just that. Again, Mr. Speaker, we are only as good as we resource the Department to fight terrorism. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ), one of the great leaders of this conference. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I do want to commend the gentleman from Georgia for the great work that he does on the Rules Committee. Once again, he has done yeoman’s work on this legislation before us. Frankly, I have some reservations about the underlying bill, but I do respect the goal of this legislation. I also respect the gentleman from Mississippi in his efforts to come up with some legislation so that we can have enhanced interrogation of certain people wanting to come into this country. I think almost everyone on this side of the aisle believes in more detailed vetting of people wanting to come here, especially from countries that we deem as dangerous. I rise at this time, though, just to make the point that—in response to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), who spent almost his entire time talking about this bill, talking about the transparency of the Republican nominee for President, I also, though, might make the point that the Democratic nominee, Secretary Clinton, has refused for many months to release the transcripts or copies of her many speeches that she gave to Wall Street firms for really what most people would consider to be small fortunes. In addition to that, she has refused to give out details of the approximately 60 percent of the people she met with while Secretary of State who had contributed to the Clinton Foundation, in some cases, very large amounts of money from foreign countries, which really is possibly more closely related to this legislation than is the tax return of the Republican nominee. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. I would ask my colleagues respectfully to support us in our effort to defeat the previous question so we can bring up the legislation that Mr. THOMPSON mentioned, legislation that would strengthen the Department of Homeland Security’s overseas screening and vetting programs. I would like to think that even though Democrats and Republicans don’t always agree on everything, we can agree on something and that this is something that we ought to be able to agree on, and hopefully we will be able to have a vote on it. Again, I regret that we are bringing up a bill that, again, is another attempt to try to undermine the deal that we have brokered with other nations around the world to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear power, but here we are yet with another bill. The President is going to veto it. We can continue to debate the merits, but it is kind of a waste of time. Again, I would hope my colleagues would vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill if we are presented with it. I would just say one final thing to my friend from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN), who I have a great deal of respect for: The deal is that Mr. Trump is the first nominee, I think, that I can recall, who has not released his taxes. Secretary Clinton has released years and years and years of her taxes. We know more about Secretary Clinton than we know about any other nominee, I think, in history. I have always kind of wondered why Mr. Trump says some of the things he says, which, quite frankly, I sometimes find unbelievable, some of the comments on foreign policy. But when you look at his financial interests and his investments in these various countries, you can kind of understand why he defends dictators, why he never mentions the words ‘‘human rights,’’ why he says some of the things he says about urging other countries to become nuclear powers when we should all be talking about how we control nuclear weapons in this country. b1315 If we are worried about transparency and you are worried about conflicts of interest, and if we are truly worried about corruption, now is the time, I would urge my friends on the other side of the aisle, to tell the nominee of your party to come clean. There are so many tangled webs in The Trump Organization, so many financial ties to things that, quite frankly, should give every one of us concern. I don’t know what the problem is about a little sunshine. Like I said in the beginning, if Secretary Clinton did not release her tax returns, there would be calls for hearings and resolutions and there would be Special Orders, and it would go on and on and on; yet, with regard to their nominee, it is okay for him to withhold all this information from the American people. I think that is unfortunate. So if we are talking about transparency here today and if we are worried about corruption and if we are worried about conflicts of interest, there is that old saying, ‘‘Physician, heal thyself.’’ I would urge my Republican colleagues to hold their nominee, hold their standardbearer to a higher standard when it comes to transparency. Mr. Speaker, I urge defeat of the previous question, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward nominees for the Office of the President. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate you issuing that reminder. I don’t particularly enjoy this time of year on the House floor because we do have important business that needs to occur here, and we often get off base. I don’t think this is the right time to talk about the FBI investigation into Secretary Clinton. I don’t think this is the right time to talk about the pay to play investigation going on with the Clinton Foundation. I don’t think this is the right time to talk about all of her employees who have been questioned about her behavior and are pleading the Fifth, one right after the other, and are refusing to answer those questions. I don’t think this is the right place for that. This is the right place to talk about something that brings us together, which is the defeat of a corrupt Iranian regime. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Massachusetts is absolutely right. There are many of us on this side of the aisle who do not like the agreement that the President made with the Iranians. In fact, there are many on that side of the aisle who do not like the agreement that the President made with the Iranians, and you need go no further than this debate today to understand why. I will read again from the President’s own veto statement of this bill. It says: ‘‘This bill’s required public postings’’— these are the public postings of the assets and the corrupt arrangements that are involved in these top high officials of the Iranian regime. ‘‘This bill’s required public postings . . . may be perceived by Iran and likely our Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) partners as an attempt to undermine the fulfillment of our commitments, in turn impacting the continued viability of this diplomatic arrangement that peacefully and verifiably prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon.’’ I will say it again, Mr. Speaker, the President’s concern is that, by making information public to the American people and the Iranian people—and this information would be published in four languages so that it would be available 
to the Iranian people as well—by making information public about the corrupt business dealings of Iranian leaders, we will be violating the agreement the President signed with Iran. How could this Nation possibly have signed an agreement, Mr. Speaker, that trades away our opportunity to shine sunlight on corrupt practices? I don’t believe that we have. But my friend from Massachusetts said, Mr. Speaker: It undermines the letter and the intent of the agreement. To shine sunlight on corrupt practices. Mr. Speaker, this is why the American people were concerned about the Iranian agreement. This is why we continue to be concerned about the Iranian agreement; but more importantly, this bill is not about that agreement. The chairman of the Committee on Financial Services testified in front of the Committee on Rules last night, Mr. Speaker, and he said he just can’t imagine why it is controversial for us to publish a list of officials and their holdings online. I agree. It is baffling to me that the disclosure of what is, in many cases, publicly known information but that has not been compiled in a particular place could be a threat to preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons. In fact, I would argue shining sunlight on the corrupt regime will empower the Iranian citizens to perhaps help us in this cause. Mr. Speaker, this is not a controversial piece of legislation. This is, in fact, a transparency piece of legislation. The motion to recommit that the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) discussed, candidly, most of what he said I agree with. I don’t believe a motion to recommit is the right place to do it. He was not in front of the Committee on Rules last night. The bill he offers as a bipartisan, commonsense compromise has absolutely no Republicans on it whatsoever; but I do believe that pushing out our borders, pushing out our vetting process is exactly the right idea for this country. This happens to be a bill from the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Mississippi happens to be the ranking member on the Committee on Homeland Security. I hope the Committee on Homeland Security will get about that business. I support it 100 percent. But what I ask of my colleagues here today, Mr. Speaker, is to support this rule so we can debate this bill. Folks on both sides of the aisle like it, don’t like it. Debating the bill is the right place to expose it. Transparency is good for the Iranians, and it is good for us as well. If we support this rule, we will also consider every amendment that was offered in the Committee on Rules. Every alternative idea, every perfecting idea, every improvement that this body came up with and brought to the Committee on Rules last night, Mr. Speaker, we are going to make in order for debate here on the floor. This is a tough time of year. Politics don’t often bring out the best of policy, but we have got a good shot at it today. We have got a good shot at it with this rule. We have a rule here that I think everybody can be proud to vote for; and, as my friend from Tennessee said earlier, then we will debate the merits of the underlying bill and have the House work its will. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair once again will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the nominees for the Office of the President. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3438, REQUIRE EVALUATION BEFORE IMPLEMENTING EXECUTIVE WISHLISTS ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5719, EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES THROUGH STOCK OWNERSHIP ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 875 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on House Resolution 875, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring this rule forward on behalf of the Committee on Rules. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 3438, the Require Evaluation Before Implementing Executive Wishlists Act, or the REVIEW Act, and H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees Through Stock Ownership Act. For H.R. 3438, the rule provides 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary, and also provides for a motion to recommit. The rule also provides 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means, for H.R. 5719 and provides a motion, also, to recommit. The rule makes in order two amendments to H.R. 3438, representing ideas from my colleagues across the aisle. Yesterday the Committee on Rules received testimony from the chairman and ranking member on the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law of the Committee on the Judiciary, as well as testimony from Congressman ERIK PAULSEN and Congressman J OECROWLEYfrom the Committee on Ways and Means. The REVIEW Act, introduced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), went through regular order and enjoyed a thorough discussion at both the subcommittee and full committee level. In November of 2015, the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, of which I am a member, held a legislative hearing on the bill. The bill was marked up by the Committee on the Judiciary on September 8, 2016. Several amendments were considered. The Empowering Employees Through Stock Ownership Act also went through regular order. It was passed by voice vote through the Committee on Ways and Means on September 14. This bill, which has bipartisan support, would promote employee ownership at startup companies by addressing the tax treatment of restricted stock issued to employees. Both bills represent good governance and provide relief for American workers and companies. The REVIEW Act is supported by numerous organizations, including the Chamber of Commerce, the Associated Builders and Contractors, Forestry Resource Association, the National Black Chamber of Commerce, the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, and dozens more. b1330 I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation because it ensures that American businesses won’t have to waste billions of dollars if legally flawed new rules are thrown out by the courts. The bill is just plain common sense. This legislation came about in response to a very real problem. In Michigan v. EPA, the court held that the EPA’s Utility MACT rule was legally infirm because the EPA decided costs were irrelevant to its decision to promulgate the rule. Costs of implementing the rule were estimated to cost $9.6 billion per year, with the intended goal of achieving benefits of only $4 million to $6 million per year. Let me repeat that, Mr. Speaker. Costs of implementing the rule were estimated to cost $9.6 billion per year, with the intended goal of achieving benefits of only $4 million to $6 million per year. It seems that something like this would not be true. Unfortunately, it is. The EPA issued a rule estimated to cost more than $9 billion per year, even though the rule was expected to achieve benefits in airborne mercury emissions of $4 million to $6 million per year. The rule costs more than 10 times to implement than it brought in benefits. Even away from the government perspective, there were questions concerning the actual other benefits as well. You wonder why people are angry at the Federal Government. Rules like this are a good example. Even worse, while the court found the rule legally infirm, it failed to set aside the rule which required businesses to continue to incur compliance costs, pending remand to the court of appeals. This rule was not stayed by the courts during a multiyear legal battle 
to challenge the rule, meaning the whole time the courts were deliberating, businesses were forced to start implementing the rule and bear the costs. This is a huge blow to businesses that had to pour time and money into compliance only to later be told it was a wasted effort because the legal challenge to the rule was ultimately successful. To be sure, the successful legal challenge was a victory, but businesses shouldn’t have had to go through years of uncertainty and billions of wasted dollars while the challenge was pending in the courts. The REVIEW Act makes sense. It prevents needless expenditures like the ones businesses were forced to make while the Utility MACT case was winding its way through the courts. You see, the fix is simple. The REVIEW Act requires that, when agencies promulgate new rules, the rules won’t become legally effective until after the conclusion of litigation challenging them if the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs determines the rules would impose $1 billion or more in costs to the economy. Litigants would have up to 60 days after the rule was published to bring litigation, unless specified otherwise by the particular law the agency rule pertains to. Let me be very clear, Mr. Speaker. We aren’t talking about this kind of change for every rule. We are not talking about this kind of change even for every major rule. We are talking about making this commonsense amendment for rules that cost over $1 billion to the economy. Businesses shouldn’t be forced to deal with these enormous compliance costs while it is unclear if the rule will ever even actually come to fruition. The time and money businesses are currently forced to spend complying with these rules is time and money taken away from building the businesses, investing in the community, and creating jobs. Now, I will admit these billiondollar rules have been issued by administrations of both parties in recent years. That is another reason why Members on both sides of the aisle should support this legislation. According to the American Action Forum, in fact, from 2006 to 2008, the Nation averaged two of these rules annually; and from 2009 to present, the figure has actually increased to roughly three times per year. This increase in billiondollar rules should be troubling to all of us, and businesses run by Republicans and Democrats are suffering from the effects of complying with these rules even as litigation is ongoing. Under this administration alone, these billiondollar rules are estimated to have imposed total annual costs of $65.1 billion. According to the American Action Forum, the related paperwork burden comes out to be about 19.5 million hours. Since 2005, there have been at least 34 billiondollar rules, with 24 of those promulgated under the current administration. Thirtyfour may not seem like a large number over the last 11 years, but we have to remember the extremely high cost of these results and the impact those costs can have on businesses and the economy. There may be arguments from those on the other side that affected parties could receive a stay from the court during litigation, but stays are hard to obtain and the consequences of not obtaining one can be very costly. During a Judiciary Committee hearing on the REVIEW Act, Paul Noe of the American Forest and Paper Association provided an enlightening example of the consequences of courts failing to issue stays as the billiondollar rule goes forward. He said in his testimony: ‘‘In 2007, about $2 million in compliance investments were stranded in the paper and wood products industry when a court struck down the 2004 Boiler MACT rule just 3 months before the compliance deadline. When the rules were reissued in 2013, the new standards had changed significantly, and previous investments proved to be the wrong approaches to achieve compliance. Wasting limited capital undermines the competitiveness of U.S. businesses and impedes growth and job creation.’’ Mr. Noe’s example is another reallife circumstance of the reason this bill, the REVIEW Act, is necessary. The last thing we should be doing is impeding growth and job creation. Instead, we should be looking to stimulate the economy and getting Americans working. I know in northeast Georgia, many businesses are struggling due to the crushing costs of regulations. Many of these are small businesses that aren’t able to employ attorneys and consultants to keep them uptodate with the latest edicts from Washington. Instead, they are forced to spend time and resources figuring out how to deal with the onslaught of red tape; and that doesn’t even take into account the massive burdens of these billiondollar regulations. Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear that not all regulation is bad. Regulations can help protect public health and safety and ensure needed worker protections; but regulation that does not make sense, regulation that has compliance costs that far exceed the benefits, simply doesn’t make sense. Importantly, in this bill, we aren’t trying to prevent more regulation. We are simply saying that, for rules over a billion dollars, they shouldn’t go into effect until litigation has concluded. That is common sense. Businesses shouldn’t have to waste resources complying with a huge, new burden for something that might not ever even come into effect. This is a narrowly written but important change to the Administrative Procedure Act that will prevent waste and, hopefully, encourage agencies to rethink issuing billiondollar rules. This is a bill that had plenty of hearing in the Judiciary Committee, both sides expressing their desires on these issues, and had full debate and markup. Both the REVIEW Act and the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act are smart changes to current law that deserve full and fair consideration before this House. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the House is scheduled to be in session for 7 days before yet another 6weeklong recess. Instead of addressing the most pressing issues facing our communities, we are on this floor with yet another Republican messaging bill to undermine the Federal rulemaking process. With all that needs to be done, with all the crises we are facing, this is what they bring to the floor—a bill, by the way, that is not going anywhere. It is going nowhere. The President is going to send up a veto message. The Senate is not even going to take it up. So what we are spending our time doing, what we are spinning our wheels about right now is something that, basically, I guess my friends can use in a press release, but this is not real legislating. And I get it. Attacking Federal regulations has become a favorite sound bite for my friends on the other side of the aisle. They are always quick to remind us of the costs associated with these regulations, but completely dismiss the very real and typically much larger benefits of protecting consumers, the environment, public health, and safety. I am against duplicative regulation. I am against warrantless regulation or needless regulation. It would be nice if we could actually function in a bipartisan way to identify where we have common ground and where there is agreement so that we can make some progress, but that is not the MO of the Republican leadership in this House. It is their way or the highway. H.R. 3438 automatically freezes any covered rule when any lawsuit is filed, regardless of how frivolous that lawsuit may be, instead of relying on the discretion and expertise of the courts. Now, let’s be honest with ourselves, Mr. Speaker. This isn’t about good governance and it isn’t about ensuring highimpact regulations pass legal muster. This is yet another election year giveaway to Republican special interests, and it is that time of year— lots of fundraisers, lots of political activity. People go home and say they voted for this bill that is going nowhere. Therefore, vote for them. This is just yet another Republican effort to indefinitely delay regulations 
that they don’t like—regulations that protect consumers, regulations that protect public health and that protect our environment. In fact, one of the most troubling aspects of this bill is that it fails to include any exceptions for rules responding to public health emergencies. Can you believe that? I am disappointed that the Republicans in the Judiciary Committee rejected Democratic amendments to the bill that would have ensured lawsuits could not tie up responses to public health emergencies. Why would anybody be against that? This is especially troubling as we face major health crises, like the Zika virus, and rely on our government to protect our public health. We should be doing everything in our power to find a solution to this terrible emergency, not passing legislation that can make finding that solution even harder. I strongly oppose this misguided and unnecessary legislation, which does nothing to promote an efficient regulatory process, but delays regulations needed to protect our public health and safety. This week the House is also set to consider H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act. By allowing rankandfile employees of private companies to defer payments on their stock options for 7 years, this bill makes it easier for these employees—often lowerincome earners—to receive equity as part of their compensation. Our economy is recovering, but not for everyone. More and more wealth is becoming concentrated in the top 1 percent and income inequality is at its highest levels since the Great Depression. Meanwhile, working families struggle to make ends meet, often needing several jobs just to get by. So I support efforts to allow rank andfile employees to truly share in the longterm success of their companies and our greater innovation economy. I think the majority of us share in that belief. But I do share the concerns that have been expressed by my Democratic colleagues during the Ways and Means Committee markup and in the Rules Committee last night that this bill isn’t paid for and adds $1.03 billion to the deficit. This bill not being paid for adds over a billion dollars to our deficit. The Republican leadership in this House routinely refuses to bring up funding legislation that adequately addresses public health crises. They demand offsets anytime there is an emergency. When it comes to increases in our social safety net, we can’t do it because we have to find offsets. But when it comes to tax breaks, there are no limits. They don’t require offsets. Just last week this House passed an unpaidfor tax cut that, if enacted, would add almost $33 billion to the deficit. The Ways and Means Committee has marked up nearly $54 billion worth of unpaidfor tax cuts just this year. There was a time when caring about the deficit and the debt was something my Republican friends would talk about, but I guess that is no longer the case. So when my Republican friends talk about their commitment to fiscal responsibility, I have to ask: Why the double standard? We can’t help the people of Flint, Michigan, but we can pass tax breaks and tax cuts and not have to pay for them. By the way, the vast majority of tax cuts that my Republican friends support go to the wealthiest people in this country, not to the middle class. We are told we have to fully offset emergency responses, as I said, to the water crisis in Flint, Michigan; the opioid epidemic; flooding disasters; and the growing threat of the Zika virus, but yet we don’t have to pay for tax cuts. I just don’t quite get it. Last night, in the Rules Committee, my friends and colleagues, JOECROWLEY and A NNA ESHOO , Democratic cosponsors of this bill, offered an amendment to offset the over $1 billion cost by increasing a tax on oil barrels by two cents. That is just two cents that they would increase the cost. But what is important for people to remember is that what that means for the consumer is five onethousandths of a penny on a gallon of gas. b1345 So in order to offset something that we think is a good benefit, and to pay for it, it would cost consumers five onethousandths of a penny on a gallon of gas. Most people that I talk to I don’t believe think that that is an unreasonable thing, the choice between adding to the deficit, which, by the way, we all pay for anyway, or basically paying for things as we go. And so five onethousandths of a penny on a gallon of gas, in order to offset the cost of this bill, I don’t think, is unreasonable. Now, this amendment was not made in order for consideration on the House floor because my Republican colleagues insisted that the offset was not germane to the bill. But the House Rules Committee has the power to waive germaneness and other rules, and frequently does so, when it suits the needs of the majority. And during this Congress alone, Republicans on the Rules Committee have granted 245 waivers; 242, or 98 percent of them, have been for Republican initiatives. So they do it all the time when they want to. So, Mr. Speaker, we had the ability to move the CrowleyEshoo amendment to the floor for consideration, but Republicans in the Rules Committee blocked our efforts to responsibly pay for the costs associated with this change in tax law. Now, I appreciate the work of my colleagues in promoting employee ownership among all of a company’s workers, not just those at the top. But I do have some serious concerns about this majority’s insistence that emergency relief and other priorities be offset while tax cuts are able to sail through this House without a second thought and not be paid for. That is the wrong approach. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just like to make one comment, and then I think my friend from Massachusetts and I can look around. Nobody is beating our door down for time here. There are no billiondollar public health issues that were brought up that this—it doesn’t waive for a billiondollar public health emergency. In fact, probably if we did have overabillion dollar health emergency, we could handle it better through statutory change than through a regulatory agency doing this. So it is an argument, but it is not a valid argument, I believe, in this case. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I am going to urge my colleagues to vote to defeat the previous question, vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. And if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up the bipartisan no fly, no buy legislation that would allow the Attorney General to bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. There have been more than 10,000 gun related deaths in this country this year alone. The country cannot tolerate the indifference on this issue any longer. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I said at the beginning of my remarks, we have only a few days left here before there is another recess, and we have incredible challenges before us. We have an opioid crisis in this country. We passed legislation that said all the right things, but the funding to fund all those nice things wasn’t following. We are confronted with a Zika virus crisis, and the American people are expecting us to do something, and this House has been twiddling its thumbs for far too long. The time for action is now. We have a water crisis in Flint, Michigan; can’t seem to get anything done in this House. Yet, those poor people can’t drink the water out of their faucets and have been poisoned for years as a result of the indifference on that situation. 
On the issue of gun violence, I mean, every day somebody gets killed in gun violence. We have tried to bring up a bill that would require universal background checks. I don’t care what your position on guns is, I think we all should be able to agree that there ought to be universal background checks. Right now, if you go into a licensed gun dealer, you have to go through a background check. But you get around that if you go to a gun show or buy a gun online. I think everybody, I don’t care what your philosophy is, should want to keep guns out of the hands of violent criminals and people who are dangerously mentally ill. I don’t know why that is such a controversy in this House of Representatives. Yet, we can’t even get the leadership to allow us to bring that bill to the floor. On the issue that the previous question is about, which is the no fly, no buy list, I don’t think there is anybody in this country who can understand why we think it is okay to, on one hand, say to somebody who is on an FBI terrorist watch list: we are concerned about you so much that you can’t fly on an airplane. But, at the same time, say: well, okay, but you can go out and buy a gun; you can buy an assault weapon; and you can go out and buy a weapon of war. That doesn’t make any sense. People can’t quite get why we can’t come together on that. But even if you don’t want to vote for that, you ought to let us have that debate and that vote. These are the kinds of issues that we should be talking about. Yet, we are doing message bills that are going nowhere, again, not just because the President wants to veto them, it is because the Senate won’t even take some of these things up. So in these few days we have left, let’s do something radical. Let’s actually do the people’s business. Let’s do something that is going to help people in this country and improve their quality of life and protect them. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I think we have made our case for the rule. I think it needs to be passed— also the underlying bills. I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question on House Resolution 875 will be followed by 5minute votes on adopting House Resolution 875, if ordered; ordering the previous question on House Resolution 876; adopting House Resolution 876, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing the following bills: H.R. 3957, H.R. 5659, H.R. 5713, and H.R. 5613. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 237, nays 171, not voting 23, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—23 
Bishop (UT) Brooks (IN) Capuano Clarke (NY) Dent Deutch Farr Garamendi Grijalva Higgins Larson (CT) Marchant Meehan Moore Neugebauer Perlmutter Poe (TX) Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
b1413 Mses. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, GRAHAM, Mr. CONNOLLY, and Ms. BONAMICI changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 524, I was at an Ethics Committee hearing. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 524, I was unavoidably detained at an Ethics Committee meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted rollcall No. 524, ‘‘nay.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FORTENBERRY ). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 239, noes 181, not voting 11, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Grijalva Hill Lynch Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Tiberi Walters, Mimi Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 525, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5461, IRANIAN LEADERSHIP ASSET TRANSPARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on ordering the previous question on the resolution (H. Res. 876) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5461) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 181, not voting 8, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—8 
Grijalva Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 528 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 3957), 529 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5659), 530 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5713) and 531 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5613), I did not cast my votes due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on all of the votes. 
KOREAN WAR VETERANS MEMORIAL WALL OF REMEMBRANCE ACT OF 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1475) to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act’’. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GLOBAL ANTIPOACHING ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2494) to support global antipoaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
AND POACHING IN AFRICA .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to provide defense articles (not including significant military equipment), defense services, and related training to appropriate security forces of countries of Africa for the purposes of countering wildlife trafficking and poaching. 
Mr. ROYCE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
CONDEMNING IRAN’S PERSECUTION OF ITS BAHA’I MINORITY AND CONTINUED VIOLATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL COVENANTS ON HUMAN RIGHTS Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 220) condemning the Government of Iran’s statesponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 220 Whereas, in 1982, 1984, 1988, 1990, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2012, and 2013, Congress declared that it deplored the religious persecution by the Government of Iran of the Baha’i community and would hold the Government of Iran responsible for upholding the rights of all Iranian nationals, including members of the Baha’i Faith; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom 2014 Report stated, ‘‘The Baha’i community, the largest nonMuslim religious minority in Iran, long has been subject to particularly severe religious freedom violations. The government views Baha’is, who number at least 300,000, as ‘heretics’ and consequently they face repression on the grounds of apostasy.’’; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom 2014 Report stated that ‘‘[s]ince 1979, authorities have killed or executed more than 200 Baha’i leaders, and more than 10,000 have been dismissed from government and university jobs’’ and ‘‘[m]ore than 700 Baha’is have been arbitrarily arrested since 2005’’; Whereas the Department of State 2013 International Religious Freedom Report stated that the Government of Iran ‘‘prohibits Baha’is from teaching and practicing their faith and subjects them to many forms of discrimination not faced by members of other religious groups’’ and ‘‘since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, formally denies Baha’i students access to higher education’’; Whereas the Department of State 2013 International Religious Freedom Report stated, ‘‘The government requires Baha’is to register with the police,’’ and ‘‘The government raided Baha’i homes and businesses and confiscated large amounts of private and commercial property, as well as religious materials.’’; Whereas the Department of State 2013 International Religious Freedom Report stated, ‘‘Baha’is are regularly denied compensation for injury or criminal victimization and the right to inherit property.’’; Whereas, on August 27, 2014, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran issued a report (A/69/356), which stated, ‘‘The human rights situation in the Islamic Republic of Iran remains of concern. Numerous issues flagged by the General Assembly, the 
Mr. ROYCE. I have an amendment to the text of the resolution at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the following: Whereas, in 1982, 1984, 1988, 1990, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2012, and 2013, Congress declared that it deplored the religious persecution by the Government of Iran of the Baha’i community and would hold the Government of Iran responsible for upholding the rights of all Iranian nationals, including members of the Baha’i Faith; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom 2014 Report stated, ‘‘The Baha’i community, the largest nonMuslim religious minority in Iran, long has been subject to particularly severe religious freedom violations. The government views Baha’is, who number at least 300,000, as ‘heretics’ and consequently they face repression on the grounds of apostasy.’’; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom 2014 Report stated that ‘‘[s]ince 1979, authorities have killed or executed more than 200 Baha’i leaders, and more than 10,000 have been dismissed from government and university jobs’’ and ‘‘[m]ore than 700 Baha’is have been arbitrarily arrested since 2005’’; Whereas the Department of State 2013 International Religious Freedom Report stated that the Government of Iran ‘‘prohibits Baha’is from teaching and practicing their faith and subjects them to many forms of discrimination not faced by members of other religious groups’’ and ‘‘since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, formally denies Baha’i students access to higher education’’; Whereas the Department of State 2013 International Religious Freedom Report stated, ‘‘The government requires Baha’is to register with the police,’’ and ‘‘The government raided Baha’i homes and businesses and confiscated large amounts of private and commercial property, as well as religious materials.’’; Whereas the Department of State 2013 International Religious Freedom Report stated, ‘‘Baha’is are regularly denied compensation for injury or criminal victimization and the right to inherit property.’’; Whereas, on August 27, 2014, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran issued a report (A/69/356), which stated, ‘‘The human rights situation in the Islamic Republic of Iran remains of concern. Numerous issues flagged by the General Assembly, the United Nations human rights mechanisms and the SecretaryGeneral persist, and in some cases appear to have worsened, some recent overtures made by the Administration and the parliament notwithstanding.’’; Whereas, on December 18, 2014, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution (A/RES/69/190), which ‘‘[e]xpresse[d] deep concern’’ over ‘‘[c]ontinued discrimination, persecution and human rights violations against persons belonging to unrecognized religious minorities, particularly members of the Baha’i [F]aith . . . and the effective criminalization of membership in the Baha’i [F]aith,’’ and called upon the Government of Iran to ‘‘emancipate the Baha’i community . . . and to accord all Baha’is, including those imprisoned because of their beliefs, the due process of law and the rights that they are constitutionally guaranteed’’; Whereas, since May of 2008, the Government of Iran has imprisoned the seven members of the former ad hoc leadership group of the Baha’i community in Iran, known as the YaraniIran, or ‘‘friends of Iran’’—Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi, Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani, Mr. Afif Naeimi, Mr. Saeid Rezaie, Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli, Mrs. Mahvash Sabet, and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm—and these individuals are serving 20year prison terms, the longest sentences given to any current prisoner of conscience in Iran, on charges including ‘‘spying for Israel, insulting religious sanctities, propaganda against the regime and spreading corruption on earth’’; Whereas, beginning in May 2011, officials of the Government of Iran in 4 cities conducted sweeping raids on the homes of dozens of individuals associated with the Baha’i Institute for Higher Education (BIHE) and arrested and detained several educators associated with BIHE, and 8 BIHE educators are now serving 4 or 5year prison terms; Whereas scores of Baha’i cemeteries have been attacked, and, in April 2014, Revolutionary Guards began excavating a Baha’i cemetery in Shiraz, which is the site of 950 graves; 
Whereas the Baha’i International Community reported that there has been a recent surge in antiBaha’i hate propaganda in Iranian statesponsored media outlets, noting that, in 2010 and 2011, approximately 22 anti Baha’i articles were appearing every month, and, in 2014, the number of antiBaha’i articles rose to approximately 401 per month—18 times the previous level; Whereas there are currently 60 Baha’is in prison in Iran; Whereas the Government of Iran is party to the International Covenants on Human Rights and is in violation of its obligations under the Covenants; and Whereas the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–195) authorizes the President and the Secretary of State to impose sanctions on individuals ‘‘responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing, the commission of serious human rights abuses against citizens of Iran or their family members on or after June 12, 2009’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Mr. ROYCE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GAO CIVILIAN TASK AND DELIVERY ORDER PROTEST AUTHORITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 5995) to strike the sunset on certain provisions relating to the authorized protest of a task or delivery order under section 4106 of title 41, United States Code, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5995 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘GAO Civilian Task and Delivery Order Protest Authority Act of 2016’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials on the bill (H.R. 5461) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 876 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5461. The Chair appoints the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1505 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5461) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes, with Mr. MCCLINTOCK in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the Islamic Republic of Iran is identified as both the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism and a country of primary money laundering concern by the United States. So the American people rightfully question the wisdom behind the Obama administration’s decision to hand Iran $1.7 billion in cash as ransom for the release of several hostages earlier this year. There are a lot of questions the American people still have about this cash payment and a lot of questions the Obama administration has not answered, but there are at least three things that we do already know: Number one, we know that cash is the preferred currency of terrorists; Number two, we know the Obama administration’s payment to Iran was structured in such a way that it makes it easy for Iran to move that money anywhere it wants for any purpose it wants; and Three, we know that much of Iran’s terror activity is fueled by the vast sums of personal wealth acquired by its senior political and military leaders. Mr. Chairman, Iran’s economy is characterized by high levels of official corruption and substantial involvement of its security forces, particularly the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and that nation’s business sector. Many members of Iran’s senior political and military leadership have acquired significant personal and institutional wealth by using their positions to secure control over major portions of the Iranian national economy. In fact, it is estimated that Iran’s top political and military leaders control onethird—onethird—of Iran’s economy through personal foundations in which money from corruption is funneled. Because of this volatile mix of terrorist financing, corruption, and wealth, it is vitally important for the United States to clearly understand the assets held by Iran’s powerful military and political elite. That is the goal of this bipartisan bill that we are discussing today offered by my colleague, the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). This bill, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, would require the Treasury Secretary to develop and post online a list estimating the funds and assets held by senior Iranian political and military leaders. Along with this estimate would be a description of how these officials acquired these assets and how these assets are being deployed. The report would be posted on the Treasury Department’s Web site in English, but also translated into the three main languages used by the Iranian people so that the people of Iran may better understand the nature of their economy and how corruption is harming their fellow citizens. Mr. Chairman, under this bill, the report would also be in a form that is easily understandable and accessible to those in the financial or business sector who might be concerned about inadvertently doing business with an Iranian entity still covered by remaining sanctions. The Iranian Government’s tolerance of corruption limits realistic opportunities for foreign and domestic investment, particularly given the significant involvement of its Revolutionary Guard in many sectors of the economy. This gives the Revolutionary Guard and its leaders vast amounts of funding to support terrorism at a time when the average Iranian citizen earns about $15,000 a year. The report required under the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act would cover about 80 individuals, including Iran’s Supreme Leader, President, the 12 members of Iran’s Council of Guardians, the 42 members of its Expediency Council, and roughly two dozen senior military leaders. As I mentioned, the bill requires an estimate of the funds and assets held by those individuals, not a precise amount. Further, the proposal allows Treasury to separately furnish any sensitive information to Congress in a classified 
form. Finally, the bill permits the administration to prepare the reports using a wide variety of publicly available and credible information, including commercial databases. Developing and keeping a current estimate of the funds and assets held by top political and military leaders in Iran will also help financial institutions and private businesses comply with money laundering laws and also help them more carefully choose with whom they do business. Just last week, the U.S. State Department said it couldn’t rule out the possibility that President Obama’s nuclear deal has emboldened Iran into becoming more confrontational with the United States. Indeed, as the State Department spokesman admitted last week, there are ‘‘disturbing trends’’ when it comes to Iran. Since the President’s cash ransom was delivered to the ayatollahs, Iran has taken more hostages, Mr. Chairman. It has stepped up its harassment of the U.S. military in the region and has started building a $10 billion nuclear plant with the help of Russia. Clearly, we need to know as much as we possibly can about how Iran is financing terrorism. We need to make sure financial institutions and private businesses do not inadvertently become involved in money laundering and sponsorship of terrorism. Mr. POLIQUIN ’s bill has attracted bipartisan support in the Committee on Financial Services. It is common sense. Frankly, it should be on the suspension calendar. I am sorry we are having to take up time for it today. This should be common sense for all Members. It is a bill that will, again, help achieve commonsense goals as we fight financing of terrorism. I urge all Members to support the bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 5461, the socalled Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act. The administration has stated this bill would endanger our ability to ensure that Iran’s nuclear program is and remains exclusively peaceful. Indeed, this harmful bill is the latest in a series of Republican efforts aimed at undermining the landmark nuclear agreement reached last year by Iran and the world’s six major powers. The comprehensive nuclear deal with Iran was intended to address one specific problem, and it has so far been a success. This success should not be underestimated, given how much a nucleararmed Iran would magnify risk in a turbulent region in a terrible way. Despite the fact that the nuclear deal so far has delivered on its principal goal of blocking Iran’s path to nuclear weapons for an extended period of time, opponents remain committed to undermining the ongoing viability of the deal, chipping away at it piece by piece, whether by passing legislation to block the sale of aircraft to Iran that was a central component of the agreement or accusing the administration of making extreme concessions to Iran by insisting, for example, that a legitimate legal settlement was an illegal ransom payment of some kind or by spreading rumors of suspected cheating by Iran. Republicans are intent on spreading this false narrative and dismantling the agreement. So here we are, considering this bill, which requires the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the total estimated funds or assets under direct or indirect control of as many as 80 senior Iranian leaders, along with a description of how the funds were acquired and employed. The report would not be tied to any specific prohibition or legal action against Iran and clearly plays into the hands of critics who are seeking to gin up prospects of reputational risks for companies that might seek to do business with Iran. Moreover, the lack of a tie to any specific prohibition or legal action against the listed individuals will likely increase confusion regarding compliance obligations rather than make remaining sanctions more easily understood. b1515 Undoubtedly, the report would be seized upon by Iran as an intentional effort to discourage international investment, which Iran would view as a violation of the express U.S. commitment under the nuclear deal not to interfere with the full realization of the relief provided under the accord. The major world powers that joined us in this agreement would also likely view the legislation as bad faith. By denying Iran the economic benefits it was promised in exchange for dismantling critical elements of this nuclear program, this bill would remove the critical incentive for Iran to hold up its end of the bargain. As the Statement of Administration Policy notes: ‘‘If the JCPOA were to fail on that basis, it would remove the unprecedented constraints on and monitoring of Iran’s nuclear program, lead to the unraveling of the international sanctions regime against Iran, and deal a devastating blow to the credibility of America’s leadership and our commitment to our closest allies.’’ In addition to my central concern that this bill destabilizes the Iran nuclear deal, I also share the administration’s concerns that producing the report that is required under this bill would divert massive resources away from investigations and the targeting of sanctions on Iran related to terrorism, human rights violations, and ballistic missiles. Meeting the requirements of this bill would place a very real strain on the Treasury Department and intelligence community. We need to think carefully about the national security implications of diverting resources away from the Treasury investigators who are tasked with implementing current sanctions on Iran and uncovering illicit conduct across the globe. Proponents of this legislation have also underscored the importance of the need to show the people of Iran the corrupt practices in which their leaders are engaged. However, this bill would not accomplish that goal. There is a profound trust gap between the United States and Iran, and any findings in this report would be met with a high degree of skepticism among the Iranian people and their leaders. Therefore, to the extent any portion of this report could actually be made public, since much of the most important facts would likely be classified anyway, it would do little to enlighten the people of Iran about their leaders. In fact, it would inevitably be rejected as United States propaganda by both the regime and by its people as a predictable attack on the country’s government by the United States. In light of the bill’s limited practical utility, its failure to meet its own stated objectives, its diversion of resources away from investigations related to sanctions, and the destablizing effects it would have on the Iran nuclear deal, I urge its opposition. Moreover, the President has announced that he would veto this bill if it came across his desk. I include in the RECORD the Statement of Administration Policy on this bill. 
TRANSPARENCY ACT —SEPTEMBER 21 , 2016 The Administration shares the Congress’ goals of increasing transparency and bringing Iran into compliance with international standards in the global fight against terror finance and money laundering. However, this bill would be counterproductive toward those shared goals. The bill requires the U.S. Government to publicly report all assets held by some of Iran’s highest leaders and to describe how these assets are acquired and used. Rather than preventing terrorist financing and money laundering, this bill would incentivize those involved to make their financial dealings less transparent and create a disincentive for Iran’s banking sector to demonstrate transparency. These onerous reporting requirements also would take critical resources away from the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s important work to identify Iranian entities engaged in sanctionable conduct. Producing this information could also compromise intelligence sources and methods. One of our best tools for impeding destabilizing Iranian activities has been to identify Iranian companies that are controlled by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) or other Iranians on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN List) to nonU.S. businesses, so that they can block assets or stop material transfers. This process is laborintensive and requires the judicious use of our national intelligence assets. Redirecting these assets to preparing this onerous public report would be counterproductive and will not reduce institutional corruption or promote transparency within Iran’s system. In addition, this bill’s required public postings also may be perceived by Iran and likely 
our Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) partners as an attempt to undermine the fulfilment of our commitments, in turn impacting the continued viability of this diplomatic arrangement that peacefully and verifiably prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. If the JCPOA were to fail on that basis, it would remove the unprecedented constraints on and monitoring of Iran’s nuclear program, lead to the unraveling of the international sanctions regime against Iran, and deal a devastating blow to the credibility of America’s leadership and our commitments to our closest allies. As we address our concerns with Iran’s nuclear program through implementation of the JCPOA, the Administration remains cleareyed regarding Iran’s support for terrorism, its ballistic missile program, human rights abuses, and destabilizing activity in the region. The United States should retain all of the tools needed to counter this activity, ranging from powerful sanctions to our efforts to disrupt and interdict illicit shipments of weapons and proliferationsensitive technologies. This bill would adversely affect the U.S. Government’s ability to wield these tools, would undermine the very goals it purports to achieve, and could even endanger our ability to ensure that Iran’s nuclear program is and remains exclusively peaceful. If the President were presented with H.R. 5461, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto this bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, let me end this part of my presentation by saying that the world is watching us. And for us to do anything to undermine an agreement that the President has entered into along with other major allies in the world would be devastating. And for us to do that and not understand the implications of that is beyond my ability to understand. With the combination of Donald Trump, who they think is way out of line and crazy and does not know or understand what is going on, and these kind of actions in the Congress of the United States, who is standing up for this country? Who is supporting the President? Who is making sure that we are safe? I raise that question. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), who is the chairman of the Terrorism Financing Task Force in our Financial Services Committee and a real leader in this area. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership and impaneling a bipartisan task force to investigate terrorism finance, which I have chaired for the past 2 years, as we have looked into the increasing ability of terror groups to fund and to finance their actions and to evaluate the United States’ response to these challenges. Throughout the duration of this task force, several policy experts provided testimony to the Iranian regime’s direct supportive groups like Hamas, Hezbollah, Iraqi Shiite militias, the Houthis in Yemen, and Syrian President Bashar alAssad’s regime in Damascus. Prior to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the United Statesled sanctions regime decimated the Iranian economy, suffocating domestic industry and causing the Iranian rial to free fall. However, even during this economic duress, the regime continued to provide billions to these destabilizing groups instead of providing for its citizens. This bill, offered by Mr. POLIQUIN of Maine, H.R. 5461, will provide the citizens of the Islamic Republic of Iran— who have suffered great economic hardship as a result of their rogue government’s nefarious policies—with the transparency necessary to see how the other half lives. This bill will make a positive advancement and change in their lives and provide the ability for them to see corruption in their economy and corruption in their government, and it will be for our security as well. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this bill, with all due respect to my friends, Mr. POLIQUIN and Mr. HILL. The Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act is one of those bills that sounds like a good idea. And I am sure many of my colleagues are thinking, Why not? Transparency is a good thing. The Iranian regime is a bad thing. Let’s support this thing. What could possibly go wrong? I have a couple of points to make in that respect. The first one is that— again, with all due respect to my friends on the other side—this bill, if it is intended to get at the wealth of the Iranian leadership, will fail, and it will fail in an embarrassing and spectacular and almost laughable fashion. The reason I say that, of course, is that the bill specifies that the estimated total funds or assets held in accounts at U.S. and foreign financial institutions shall be enumerated. Funds are defined as cash, equity, and bonds. So if we pass this bill, we are going to know that the Supreme Leader has a thousand shares of IBM down at the local Merrill Lynch office. But European real estate, private jets, boats, piles of gold bars, stacks of unrefined heroin, Swiss watches, shell businesses in South America, we won’t know about any of them. I ask my colleagues: How many shares of IBM do you think the Iranian regime has down at the local Merrill Lynch office? Probably not a lot. We froze their assets for a very, very long time. This bill, if it passes, will get at some tiny fraction of the wealth of the Iranian regime in a way that will, frankly, embarrass our country because we will show how little we know, which brings me to the second problem I have with this bill. As a member of the Intelligence Committee, I am very concerned about what this bill would do with respect to disclosing or at least pointing at our sources and methods for intelligence gathering. I think there are probably very few assets of the kinds captured by this bill in U.S. banks or banks that we would have ready access to in Europe, but I am not so sure there aren’t perhaps cash or securities in Albanian, Pakistani, or Russian banks. If we enumerate those assets, we will be inevitably pointing at a capacity we may or may not have to determine what is going on inside those banks. I would suggest that this bill does not provide nearly enough good to put at risk the sources and methods of our intelligence gathering. We know what is happening here. This bill is an installment in the relentless attempt by the majority to tank the Iranian nuclear bill. Look, we can disagree over whether that bill was a good idea. Certainly, we did. But the fact is—and I say this as a member of the Intelligence Committee—it is working. Iran is in compliance with their nuclear obligations. The Prime Minister of Israel stood in the General Assembly a couple of years ago and had a little drawing of a bomb and said: We are 2 to 3 months away from breakout. Today we are probably 12 to 15 months away from an Iranian nuclear breakout, in the worst case scenario. Yet the Republican majority, in this latest installment, wants to make that go away. Moreover, they do that without a backup plan. If they succeed in tanking this bill and we are right back where we were a year ago, 2 to 3 months away from breakout, what then? We are isolated. We have lost the moral high ground and we are probably a lot closer to another war in the Middle East. I don’t understand that. So think about where we wind up if the majority succeeds. We would be isolated, we would be closer to war, and we would be standing alone, clutching the moral low ground. I ask my colleagues to think about these points, as well as the good points made by the ranking member, and to oppose this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), the author of the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act and a real leader in our committee and in this Congress in the fight against terrorist financing. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman very much for moving this very important bill through our Financial Services Committee onto the House floor. I also want to applaud my colleagues who have done so much work on this in our Terrorism Financing Task Force—of which I am a member—Democrat STEVE LYNCH from Massachusetts and Republican MIKE FITZPATRICK from Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, the Iranian Government is a chief state sponsor of terrorism and instability throughout the 
world. For many years, the senior political leaders and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard have trained, armed, and funded terrorist organizations. More recently, they have become experts at using the Internet and social media to recruit and teach other radical Islamic terrorists around the globe. The Iranian Government, Mr. Chair, has American blood on its hands. The primary responsibility for every Member of Congress, Republicans and Democrats, is to support and defend our Constitution. That means keeping our families safe and keeping them free. National security, Mr. Chair, is not and should never be a political issue. Today, about 70 to 80 top political and military leaders in Iran control approximately onethird of their economy. They use their power and their influence to corrupt the telecommunications, construction, and other important industries in that economy. An investigation by Reuters found that the Supreme Leader alone has accumulated a tremendous amount of personal wealth through a foundation claiming to help the poor. While this corruption has grown, the average Iranian citizen earns the equivalent of about $15,000 per year. Mr. Chair, the people of Iran and the citizens of this world deserve to know how much the chief sponsors of terrorism in Iran have accumulated and what the money is being used for. Businesses around the world that are looking to possibly invest in Iran should know before their investment who and what they are dealing with. Mr. Chairman, my bill, H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, is a straightforward Maine commonsense bill. It simply requires the United States Treasury Department to collect, maintain, and post online the list of 70 to 80 senior political and military leaders in Iran, their personal assets, how that money was acquired, and what it is being used for. My bill further requires the Treasury Department to post on its Web site this information in English as well as the three main languages spoken in Iran: Farsi, Arabic, and Azeri. The information must be able to be downloaded and shared easily by everyone. b1530 Mr. Chairman, sunshine is the best disinfectant. Let’s use the transparency of one click of a computer from any corner of this globe to expose what the chief sponsor of terrorism in this world is doing with its money. Americans are alarmed and frightened about the increased terror attacks here at home and in peaceloving nations around the world. Secrecy and corruption in Iran breed more terrorism, so let’s shed light on this destructive behavior and put pressure on the Iranian leader to change their ways. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I ask all of my colleagues here in the House, Republicans and Democrats, to stand with me, and to stand with our fellow Americans, and to stand with freedom loving people throughout the world against terrorism. I ask, please, that everyone vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), a leading member of the House Appropriations Committee. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the latest Republican effort to undermine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, a historic nuclear agreement negotiated by the world’s major powers to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Since the deal was finalized, Republicans have tried time and time again to undermine not just the JCPOA but also the credibility of the President of our country, both here at home and on the international stage. We had this very same debate right before leaving in July, when the majority refused to act on such urgent matters as Zika funding or countering gun violence. Instead, they trotted out three bills that would scuttle the Iran agreement. Now, here we are again with two bills, one that would hinder the U.S.’ ability to abide by the spirit of the deal and one that promotes a false narrative about American diplomatic activity. Predictably, both bills target President Obama and could require the U.S. to violate international accords. As I have said before, for House Republicans the Iran nuclear agreement has become the ObamaCare of foreign policy. Republicans repeatedly proclaim it a failure, despite its objective success. They call for its immediate repeal without offering any alternative, despite the potentially disastrous consequences of such action. And they continue to clutter the Congressional calendar with socalled message votes designed to score political points instead of addressing the real issues facing our Nation—such as funding research to develop a vaccine against the Zika virus; such as funding the government for the next fiscal year and avoiding the threat of a government shutdown; or such as doing anything constructive that would ensure military readiness, strengthen our infrastructure, or make our Nation more secure. The bill before us today, H.R. 5461, would draw a Presidential veto and would not achieve the goals the sponsor claims it would achieve. The text of this legislation states that a new report on a select number of Iranian assets would help the Treasury Department’s ‘‘efforts to prevent the financing of terrorism’’ and make ‘‘required compliance with remaining sanctions more easily understood.’’ That sounds good, but, in reality, the bill would take away critical resources used to help the Treasury identify Iranian entities engaged in sanctionable conduct—such as human rights violations, financing terrorism, and ballistic missile development—in order to make this new report. In reality, this bill would incentivize corrupt Iranian actors to conduct their financial dealings farther and farther in the shadows. It would actually decrease transparency in Iran’s banking sector, thereby undermining existing efforts to force Iran’s compliance with international financial standards. In reality, the publication of this report would promote distrust and strengthen the position of hardliners in Iran. These legislative antics continue, even though the opponents of the JCPOA know full well that strong sanctions on Iran remain in place. Instead of scoring political points or seeking to deny the President a foreign policy achievement, we should be working together in a bipartisan manner to ensure the agreement’s success. Mr. Chairman, we need to remember that the world is watching what we do here today. We may think a politicized bill that has no chance of being signed into law doesn’t matter much, but, in fact, to the leaders of China, Russia, or Iran, it sends a message of hesitation and disunity. And to the American public, it shows that House leadership is more interested in debating messaging bills than addressing our Nation’s most pressing policy concerns. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill, forego the partisan games, and focus on the needs of Americans and the security of our Nation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), vice chairman of our Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. Mr. PITTENGER. I thank the chairman for yielding the time. I also thank Congressman POLIQUIN for his leadership on this very critical issue. Mr. Chairman, we are frequently reminded that Iran remains the world’s number one state sponsor of terrorism, spreading their terrorism throughout the Middle East and throughout northern Africa. Terrorism takes money. Training, recruiting, smuggling weapons, supporting sleeper cells, all of these are business activities of terrorist organizations which require major funding. For Iran, much of the funding comes when Iran’s small network of tyrannical leaders pilfer Iran’s economy. Iran’s top political and military leaders control roughly onethird of Iran’s economy, including large portions of the telecommunications, construction, airport, and seaport sectors. This cozy arrangement provides Iran’s radical Islamic leaders with significant cash to export terror and evil, while leaving 
Iran’s citizens to suffer the effects of a depleted economy. The Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act will shine a bright light on the rampant corruption and the self serving behavior of the Iranian mullahs. Through this report, we hope to make international corporations aware of how their dealings with Iran are supporting terrorism and barbaric evil and to help the Iranian people fully understand how their supposed leaders are not operating in their best interests. Through this report, the American people will also better understand why President Obama’s $1.7 billion ransom payment to Iran is likely to be used, again, to support terrorism and why President Obama’s unyielding commitment to negotiate with Iran’s corrupt leaders will ultimately make America and the world less safe. Iran is the new evil empire, a corrupt regime intent on spreading nefarious actions, destroying freedom, human rights, and free speech throughout the world. They exist by sucking dry the very people they claim to serve. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act. While everyday Iranians earn around $15,000 a year, corruption pervades the highest levels of the Iranian Government, where bad actors use their wealth and positions of power to fund terrorism and to advance their own interests. The wealthiest and most powerful of the Iranian elites, including members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, and the foundations they run control an estimated onethird of the nation’s total economy. While President Obama and his administration have engaged in negotiations with Iran’s leadership under the delusional pretext that they are in any way trustworthy or honorable, we know better. The Iranian Ayatollah’s favored slogan, ‘‘Death to America,’’ should have tipped the administration off that Iran is our adversary, not a peaceloving ally. President Obama’s foreign policy with respect to Iran has set America back, endangering us and our allies. And with the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, he has funneled billions of dollars to the world’s leading state sponsor of terror. Indeed, Iran funds Hezbollah, which was responsible for more American deaths than any other terrorist organization prior to September 11, 2001. This legislation is among several key efforts the House is making to mitigate the damage the Obama administration has already done by providing Iran with billions of dollars in sanctions relief and cash payments. Requiring increased transparency regarding the funds that Iran’s leaders hold, many of whom are engaged in sinister activities, will help financial institutions and private businesses comply with money laundering, related laws, and more carefully decide with whom they do business. Mr. Chairman, to a large degree, holding corrupt Iranian leaders more accountable is a matter of life and death for Americans and our allies. Iran has made its evil intentions toward America clear, and its leaders are intent upon harming us. I strongly urge this House to pass this crucial legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, we have received any number of letters and correspondence in opposition to this bill, but I thought it would be important to just share with you one such communication from J Street, which is an Israel lobbying group. They basically say that: ‘‘ . . . in light of its limited practical utility—this bill appears to be yet another piece of a sustained effort by US opponents of the JCPOA and other diplomatic engagement with Iran to undermine the agreement by weakening the domestic standing of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and his allies vis avis Iranian hardliners who also oppose the agreement and bilateral dialogue. It is likely not a coincidence that proponents have arranged for floor consideration of this bill just as Rouhani is in the United States for the United Nations General Assembly, and that it would require the finalization of the first report around the time of the next Iranian Presidential election. ‘‘Hindering the US Government’s ability to enforce the terms of the JCPOA and sanctions on Iran’s dangerous nonnuclear behavior while simultaneously undermining Rouhani’s standing would make America and our allies less safe and redound to the benefit of the very Iranian hardliners who seek to do us harm. Risking these consequences for the sake of procuring information that could not be shared with its intended audience would be both pointless and reckless. We therefore urge Members of Congress to oppose this bill.’’ That is from J Street, the Israel lobbying group. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ). Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chairman, here are the facts: This summer, Congress was made aware that $400 million worth of cash was secretly airlifted to Iran. Two days later, an additional $1.3 billion was sent to Iran. This comes on top of the approximately $55 billion Iran had access to after the Iran nuclear deal was reached. But here is something that Americans do not know: Where is all the money going and why? Is it going to help Iran rebuild its badly aging infrastructure? Is it going to support expanding freedoms for the average Iranian, or improving basic living conditions? Who believes any of that? In June of this year, Secretary Kerry admitted: Some of the money would go to groups labeled as terrorist organizations. He then said: The rest of it, well, we just don’t know. I am proud to rise today in support of my friend from Maine’s bill, a bill that will provide some transparency by requiring the Department of the Treasury to develop and post online a list that estimates the amount of funds and assets held by senior Iranian and military leaders and how they acquired those assets. As a member of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, our committee learned firsthand the dangers associated with approving the Iran nuclear deal and giving them access to large amounts of cash. Frankly, Iran’s leaders cannot be trusted. They are our enemy. Again, Mr. Chairman, the investment made by all U.S. taxpayers in Iran was very costly. Let’s make sure we hold their leaders accountable. Please support the bill. In God we trust. b1545 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to this bill because, well, it is a distraction. It is a distraction not just from the work we should be doing—I mean, I would ask more than rhetorically exactly how many babies have to be born with microcephaly before we actually get serious about dealing with that proposed issue and the menace that it threatens America with. Frankly, this bill is meant to be a distraction from the fact that when it actually mattered, the Financial Services Committee was absent from the debate over the Iran deal—MIA. In May 2015, we passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act to provide a framework to consider the Iran deal, which we all know now is known as JCPOA. Frankly, as one Member—I know a lot of others spent a lot of time thinking about that issue and that vote, and I, frankly, would suggest that Members on both sides of the aisle gave this a considerable amount of consideration, but we didn’t learn anything about it from the Financial Services Committee—zero, zip, nada. One would think that if the committee were so concerned about JCPOA, they would have explored these issues in detail while the deal 
was still under consideration, just as many other committees did. In fact, I counted more than 30 Iran related hearings in the House of Representatives between June 2014 and June 2016, including 9 in the 2month review period mandated in the REVIEW Act. In that full 2 years, Financial Services had no Iran hearings in full committee or subcommittee—zip, zero, nada. All we got was one solitary hearing and a working group before the deal went into effect. It is not just hearings where Financial Services was MIA. Since I have arrived in Congress, we have passed at least four bills dealing with financial sanctions or terrorism finance where the chair agreed in writing to waive jurisdiction with an exchange of letters. On two additional bills, the leadership brought to the floor without the chairman’s seeking to protect the committee’s jurisdiction over this critical issue. So I would just ask, Mr. Chairman, if this issue were so important—and it is—where was the Financial Services Committee while the JCPOA was being debated? It was MIA. It was absent. Then, after sitting silent while the pivotal deal was being developed, considered, and debated, the committee has finally sprung to life to attempt to sabotage a deal that didn’t fall apart, frankly, as a lot of the proponents of this deal would have liked. The IAEA has stated clearly, for months, that Iran is compliant with its nuclearrelated obligations under JCPOA, but we are only now bringing to the floor legislation that undermines our own commitments to the JCPOA. Sadly, it is clear that the bill we have on the floor today is about politics. It is a distraction, and we should reject it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. I thank the chairman of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5461 today, and I am a proud original cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. POLIQUIN ’s approach is simply a commonsense thing to do. When you consider that this administration, 6 years ago, turned its back on the Iranian people when they were trying to protest their notorious regime and take to the streets, but then instead of aiding those citizens, they turned their back on the people of Iran to negotiate with the ayatollahs what I believe to be an illconceived and poorly designed nuclear deal. My friend from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) makes the point of asset transparency and argues that this bill would not, in fact, help advance the transparency of the Quds Force or the aggregation of these assets in the hands of these 80 individuals. But, in fact, if the administration was serious about transparency, they would not give the largest state sponsor of terrorism $1.7 billion in Swiss francs and euros to become an untraceable honey pot for the purchase of ballistic missile components or fund terrorism in the West Bank or back Assad. Representative PRICE of North Carolina talks about this act actually strengthening the hardliners. I would argue, if this is strengthening the hardliners, what, in fact, did the JCPOA accomplish when we report a 50 percent increase in incursions from the Iranian military in our air and sea activities in the Persian Gulf? The hardliners in Iran called the payment of $1.7 billion a ransom—not the people of the United States. In fact, they have taken two more additional hostages as a result of this administration’s process. If we are not strengthening the hard liners, then why is Iran doubling down on acquiring ballistic missile technology and backing the absolute destruction of Syria? So, Mr. Chairman, I think this is a commonsense measure that will let the people of Iran see what the 80 powerful individuals are doing with the billions that have been freed up to come back to the people, to the country of Iran. Street paving is not going on, Mr. Chairman. What is going on is the expansion of terrorism and billions in untraceable money backing a regime that our own State Department and Treasury says is undiminished in their sponsor of terrorism worldwide. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support Mr. POLIQUIN ’s commonsense bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ), a member of the Financial Services and Foreign Affairs Committees. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, let me see. Let’s look at this bill. H.R. 5461 would require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to Congress on the estimated total assets under the direct or indirect control by Iranian leaders and certain senior political and other figures regardless of whether such individuals are subject to U.S. sanctions. So what will that do? By creating this report, it would place a substantial time and human resource burden on the Treasury and, in fact, divert critical energy and resources away from targeting sanctionable conduct and compliance over existing sanctions tied to human rights, terrorism, and ballistic missiles. Moreover, since the report would not be tied to any prohibition or legal action, it would have little use as a compliance tool and, in fact, would likely confuse the Office of Foreign Assets Control’s regulated publicly. Finally, such a report would undoubtedly be seized upon by Iran—and quite possibly by all of our P5 allies— as an intended effort to discourage international investment in Iran, which, in turn, could be viewed as a violation of the expressed U.S. commitment under the JCPOA to prevent interference with the realization of the full benefit by Iran of the JCPOA and, therefore, undermine the continued support for the JCPOA with Iran. So I know some people on the other side of the aisle don’t believe that this is the right thing, but it is clear JCPOA prevents an armed nuclear Iran. We should vote against H.R. 5461. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, it has recently come to light that this administration may have sent the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism as much as $33 billion in cash and gold payments over the last 2 years. American lives have been lost because of Iran’s statesponsored terrorism; families have been ripped apart. Yet, just last month, we learned that the administration paid Iran $1.7 billion—400 million of which was in unmarked, nonU.S. currency—before they could secure the release of American military personnel held hostage in Iran. There is no way to track how Iran is using this money—or any of the rest of the billions in payments it has received. If this administration will not act to keep its citizens safe, then the House must force its hand. This starts by holding both our administration and Iran’s government accountable. We are expressly prohibiting any future ransom payments to Iran, and we are requiring the Treasury to publicize any assets associated with members of Iran’s government leadership. We are also requiring the Treasury to submit a report to Congress that shows how the assets were acquired and how they have been put to use. Fighting terrorism should not be a partisan issue. Depriving evil regimes of the ability to fund terrorism should not be a partisan issue. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the two pieces of legislation that we have on the House side, on the Republican column. Mr. POLIQUIN ’s bill, H.R. 5461, is a step in the right direction, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time remains? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ). Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, can I bring a slightly different discussion and weave it back into the things that have been said here? Mechanically, we often have this conversation that if we had a more holistic understanding of the money that was going to bad actors around the world— 
I am holding parts of the report here talking about 18 tons of cocaine being moved through north Africa and then, ultimately, through Lebanon, through the handlers of Hezbollah and a billion plus dollars of cash. As you and I know, we have all sat through the terrorism financing testimony and others that Hezbollah doesn’t move, ultimately, without their puppet masters in Iran instructing them on what to do. So take a step backwards. If I came to you and said I care about terrorism, I care about bad actors, I care about drug resources moving through the world, and I have the country of Iran whose proxies are functionally, today, the leading money launderers not only in the region, but probably the world, and then we look at what the administration has done—I understand many people support it for the nuclear arms side. I am fine. I am enraged that the openness and the misrepresentation and lying—just plain lying—to Congress on the timing, what happened, and how it was delivered—was it in cash, or was it in wires? So a piece of legislation like this, why would we fear another layer of just openness and disclosure saying that this is woven into many evil, bad actors in the world that are moving billions of dollars of illicit money and illicit narcotics, people— human smuggling—why wouldn’t we want to sort of have the view of what is Iran’s hand in it, what is their proxy’s hand in it we call Hezbollah? The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, many of us have sat on the terrorism finance committee, and I appreciate Chairman HENSARLING for allowing me to sit there. But the more you learn, the more you understand the levels of complication. We have this habit around here, when we get behind the microphones, we make things direct and simple in a sound bite. It is complex, and there are tremendous amounts of money and bad things happening here. Why would a simple piece of legislation—one of the beautiful things in here is it gives me more openness so we understand what the bad actors are doing. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, as I have said at the onset of this debate, it is clear that this bill is nothing more than an effort to derail the administration’s diplomatic accomplishments with regard to the Iran nuclear deal. b1600 After failing to block the deal from being implemented, opponents have shifted their focus towards unraveling and delegitimizing it bit by bit. This is despite the fact that over a year after the accord was signed, the JCPOA is widely seen as having diffused the global security threat of a nuclear armed Iran for at least a generation. Despite the ongoing success of the agreement, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have gone to great lengths to promote a false narrative that the administration too readily concedes to Iran’s demands, including by pushing claims that the U.S. made secret ransom payments to Iran. Other efforts to destabilize the agreement have been aimed squarely at violating the terms of the agreement itself. For example, Republicans moved a spate of measures earlier this summer that would block the sale of aircraft to Iran, despite the fact that these sales were a central component of the nuclear agreement. Moreover, Republicans also rushed legislation to the floor before leaving for the last congressional recess to undermine Iran’s conduct of banking transactions outside of the United States—activity that became permissible as part of the nuclear deal. So while the bill before us today, H.R. 5461, may appear to contain a simple reporting requirement, it is most certainly not a bill that promotes our national security interests. By requiring an extraneous report on the assets of Iranian leaders without regard to current sanctions or other obligations, the bill would prevent the Iranian people from receiving the full benefits of this agreement. This would put the agreement in jeopardy and strengthen the hand of the hardliners in Iran who want nothing more than to see the nuclear deal fall apart. This scenario would threaten global security and deal a severe blow in our efforts to prevent a nuclear Iran. In closing, I would like to ask critics of the deal what they believe their moral responsibility will be if their relentless efforts to undo the deal are successful? How do you think rejection by the U.S. of the nuclear deal will affect American leadership on any future foreign policy negotiations? Some critics of the Iran nuclear deal express outrage that the deal has not curtailed Iran’s other destabilizing influence in the region or support for what they say is terrorism at this time. I think it is important to note that the Iran nuclear deal was quite deliberately focused on the nuclear issue as the paramount concern regarding Iran’s foreign policy. The Iran nuclear deal is an arms control agreement, and in that respect, it has been successful to date. It is my hope that the ongoing success of the nuclear deal might give us the leverage to work toward constructing a better policy towards Iran that will help us address the range of Iran’s destabilizing behavior in the region, but I urge my colleagues not to confuse the legislation like H.R. 5461 with any serious effort to move us in that direction. So rather than force the President to veto this harmful and misguided legislation, I urge my colleagues to block this bill from moving forward here in the House. Mr. Chairman, I am going to reiterate that the world is watching what we do here. I want to reiterate that we didn’t just enter into this deal by ourselves. We have all of our allies who have agreed to this deal. If this is undermined, if it is seen to cause us to act in bad faith, then what are we to say to our allies? What are we to say to the rest of the world about a deal that was negotiated by the leader of this country, the President of the United States? If the President of the United States of America can’t count on the Congress of the United States to back him up in the world, if the President of the United States can’t count on the Members of Congress to stand with him, and if the President of the United States can’t be comfortable that the Members of Congress are not going to make him look as if he did not mean what he said, that he was not truthful in the negotiation, then what can a leader do? How can a leader lead a country? All of us who claim to love this country and to care about its safety and security have ourselves on the line with this legislation. This is legislation that will be deemed to undermine that agreement and be seen as just another attempt to undermine the President of the United States of America. It is not concerned about whether or not we have stopped the nuclear proliferation in Iran, not concerned that we have caused all of that region to feel safe and us to feel safe for another generation, but rather, pursuing to undermine the agreement simply because they don’t like some part of it or they are not able to make the President do what they want him to do. This is outrageous. This cannot go forward in the way that it is intended by my friends on the opposite side of the aisle. I know that they are smart and they are bright and they are intelligent, but they cannot let their emotions about either not liking the President of the United States or simply not liking Iran to get in the way of this deal that will create safety in the world. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I cannot imagine what the American people who are tuning in to C–SPAN must think. They must think that when they hear our friends on the other side of the aisle, that they have tuned in not to the United States Congress, but to the Iranian Parliament. Rarely have I heard so many come to the House floor to defend this regime. Oh, oh, we might hurt their feelings if we make them disclose their personal finances. Mr. Chairman, every Member of Congress has to disclose their personal finances. So what is wrong with the foremost state sponsor of terrorism exposing their assets, their funding, where 
they control onethird of the Iranian economy? No. We hear: Oh, we might hurt their feelings, we may hurt their sensibilities. Now, many have come to quote the administration. Well, Mr. Chairman, let me quote the administration—the State Department’s Country Reports on Terrorism. The last one noted that: ‘‘Iran continued to sponsor terrorist groups around the world, principally through its Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. . . . These groups included Lebanese Hizballah, several Iraqi Shia militant groups, Hamas, and Palestine Islamic Jihad. Iran, Hizballah, and other Shia militia continued to provide support to the Asad regime, dramatically bolstering its capabilities, prolonging the civil war in Syria, and worsening the human rights and refugee crisis there.’’ Mr. Chairman, those aren’t my words. Those are the words of the President’s State Department. Now, this is their country report. Maybe, maybe my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would like to offer an amendment so that no longer can the State Department publish such reports on terrorism because it might offend the sensibilities of the Iranians. The truth is, Mr. Chairman, this is a total red herring. There is nothing, nothing in this bill that violates the JCPOA. I think it is a terrible agreement. This is well known. In fact, a strong majority of this body opposed it, but we understand the President entered into it. How can they object? How can my friends on the other side of the aisle object to transparency and accountability for the leadership of the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism— again, that is the Obama administration saying that, Mr. Chairman—how can they object to a little transparency there and yet allow this report to come out from the State Department? It makes no sense at all. We heard some say: Oh, my Lord, this might take up resources at the State Department. Well, according to the Congressional Budget Office, this comes in in thousands. Not millions, not billions, not trillions, but thousands. And given that the most important thing we do as Members of Congress is to provide for the common defense, including the common defense against the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism, I think that it would be wise that we put the resources towards this report. It may be a first because I have never heard, in the years I have been here, any of my Democratic colleagues ever be concerned about the resources of the United States of America, as they have worked to give us the worst debt and deficit in the history of our Republic, an unsustainable debt that undermines our common defense. Again, Mr. Chairman, this is a regime involved in cyberterrorism. This is a regime trying to develop ballistic missile technology. This is a regime that funds Hezbollah as it rains missiles down on Israel. The gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) has come up with a very commonsense piece of legislation. I applaud his leadership in bringing forth H.R. 5461. Let’s have some transparency, let’s have some accountability. We know—we know that to combat terrorist financing. We must follow the money. We must expose the money. And that is what the gentleman from Maine does with his bill. I do not understand why such a commonsense piece of legislation is being so vigorously opposed by my friends on the other side of the aisle. Again, Americans must be in a tizzy trying to figure out if they have tuned in to the United States Congress or the Iranian Parliament. Let’s make sure they understand this is the United States Congress. We will stand for the common defense, we will expose this terrorist financing, and we will stand with the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) and stand for all Americans, and we will vote for H.R. 5461. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Chair, I rise today to support H.R. 5461, the ‘‘Iranian Leadership Transparency Act,’’ introduced by my colleague BRUCE POLIQUIN . This bill will give the Iranian people some measure of the transparency they deserve— but have long been denied—about the corrupt financial dealings of their government. H.R. 5461 would require the Administration to produce an annual report on the financial and other assets owned by Iran’s senior leaders and the highest ranks of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The report will be published in an easily downloadable format in English, Farsi, Arabic, and Azeri to make sure the information winds up in the hands of Iranians and empowers transparency advocates. With a corruption index ranking of 130 out of 168 countries from Transparency International and a media freedom ranking of 169 out of 180 from Reporters Without Borders, Iran is one of the most difficult climates in which to discover and report the truth about official corruption. This United States Government report would provide unique insights for Iranian and international audiences, particularly since so much of Iran’s economy is controlled by shadowy organizations, such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The United States Institute of Peace assesses that the IRGC is Iran’s single largest economic force with major stakes in most sectors of the economy, including construction, energy, and telecommunication, among others. To further draw back the curtain on Iran’s shadowy dealings, the report would detail how the IRGC and Iranian leaders acquired these assets, how they use them, and any methods or techniques they have employed to launder them. Mr. Chair, the report will also enable us to whether the Administration is doing everything in its power to curtail Iran’s wellknown money laundering practices—which serve as the conduit for much of the support Iran provides to the terrorist groups and armed proxies that threaten American and Israeli lives on a daily basis. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5461 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–778. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . POLIQUIN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–778. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 9, line 23, strike ‘‘Committee on Financial Services’’ and insert ‘‘Committees on Financial Services and Foreign Affairs’’. Page 9, line 24, strike ‘‘Committee’’ and insert ‘‘Committees’’. Page 10, line 1, after ‘‘Affairs’’ insert the following: ‘‘and Foreign Relations’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 876, the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the Poliquin amendment to the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act. My amendment is very simple, Mr. Chairman. It adds the Committee on Foreign Affairs to the reporting requirements in the bill. Right now, the legislation requires the Department of Treasury to provide a report to the House Financial Services Committee and the Senate Banking Committee, the unclassified portion of which will be posted for everyone to see on the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Web site. My amendment, Mr. Chairman, adds the House Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations in the Senate as appropriate congressional committees to receive the report. It is a small adjustment to the bill, but a good one, as I think we all benefit from the good work that Chairman ROYCE and his committee has conducted with regard to the Iranian regime. I urge support of this amendment and, once again, for the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S IMPSON ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–778. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 876, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. 
b1615 Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act. I thank the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) for his timely and valuable bill. Iran is a determined and treacherous enemy of the United States. Despite the hopes of the Obama administration’s following the adoption of the JCPOA nuclear agreement, Iran has only escalated its aggressive foreign policy over the past year. It has not locked arms agreeably with the community of civilized nations. While the Obama administration removed the sanctions related to Iran’s nuclear program following the adoption of the JCPOA, U.S. sanctions remain in place against Iran in response to its state sponsorship of terrorism, ballistic missile program, and human rights violations. Tracking and cataloging the assets and funds that are controlled by the Iranian regime is a necessary step towards uncovering how Iran continues to challenge and attempts to circumvent the U.S. sanctions regime. My amendment simply builds upon the excellent foundation laid out in the underlying bill by expanding the scope of the reporting requirements. These new components require Treasury to provide recommendations for improving the U.S. sanctions regime against Iran and a description of how Treasury assesses the impact and effectiveness of U.S. sanctions. The amendment will enhance the ability of Congress to assess and exercise oversight over Iran policy. The expanding reporting requirements will also contribute to the ability of Congress to ensure that Iran policy is serving the national security interests of the United States. Iran’s continued aggression threatens all Americans regardless of one’s political party. It is not partisan maneuvering for Congress to require the Department of the Treasury to provide valuable information to Congress on matters of great importance to our national security. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, the Young amendment would add three additional requirements to the report that are called for under the underlying bill, including a description of how the administration views the effectiveness of its sanctions programs and recommendations for improving their enforcement. I believe it would be a strategic mistake to disclose to our adversaries how we view the effectiveness of our sanctions programs and would be imprudent to signal to them how we might respond or alter our approach through the use of economic sanctions. Furthermore, the amendment appears to be premised on the assumption that the administration isn’t already actively enforcing sanctions related to Iran, particularly its pursuit of ballistic missile technology. Ironically, the extensive reporting requirements on roughly 80 senior Iranian officers in the underlying bill would detract from the administration’s ability to implement the very sanctions that the Young amendment seeks to embrace. Given its false premise, the increased burden the amendment would place on the Treasury Department, and the strategic folly of revealing our strategy for using sanctions to rein in Iran’s nefarious behavior, I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I simply don’t believe that these Members who are engaging in this kind of activity really understand what they are doing. I refer to it as folly, but it is worse than that. It is weighing in on something they really don’t know about. In doing so, they don’t recognize the damage they are doing to their own country and to the President of the United States. I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–778. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 876, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. LANCE. My thanks to Chairman HENSARLING , and my thanks, as well, to Congressman POLIQUIN for their tremendous leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, this is not about the underlying Iranian nuclear agreement, and nothing in this amendment and nothing in the Poliquin bill will change that agreement. Obviously, there is significant debate about the underlying agreement. I am a strong opponent of that, as was the majority here in the House of Representatives. Unfortunately, the other Chamber never voted on the issue because we could not reach a conclusion of debate on that issue. On this amendment, it is in our national security interest to be scrutinizing the assets that are held by senior Iranian political and military leaders so that we might know how those assets were acquired and how they are being spent. This amendment would add the name of the head of the Iranian Atomic Energy Organization, a position currently held by Ali Akbar Salehi, to a list of Iranian leaders who are named in this legislation. Given Iran’s known desire for a nuclear weapons program and its clear ties to international terror, we should be monitoring the finances of the head of its nuclear program regardless of who he is. For years, the Iranian regime has been mired in institutionalized corruption; and the nexus of nuclear weapons, statesponsored terrorism, money laundering, secret financial agreements, and mass pilfering from the Iranian people is cause for great alarm. Mr. Chairman, we need all of the tools at our disposal. Let’s add the head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran to this legislation, and let’s have the U.S. Treasury do all it can to investigate the finances of this regime. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment I am offering, and I certainly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the underlying legislation that has been sponsored by Congressman POLIQUIN . I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I really should not spend my time on this. This is kind of ridiculous that this long list we have of which they want to find out about the assets—where they came from, how they are managed, who they give them to, et cetera—is kind of senseless anyway because, even if the Treasury Department took all of this time and effort that it should be using on enforcing sanctions, et cetera, it would be classified. I don’t know how they expect to get this to the Iranian people to view as they are trying to have them think that they can somehow undermine what their government is doing and, I guess, create a war between Iran and the United States. I don’t know what they are doing, but I know this—it doesn’t make good sense. It ties up the Treasury Department to do all of this useless stuff. And to have a list where you spend time on the floor of the United States Congress saying, I want to add one more name— give me a break. I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendment, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CHABOT ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
SIMPSON , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5461) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 876, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
REQUIRE EVALUATION BEFORE IMPLEMENTING EXECUTIVE WISHLISTS ACT OF 2016 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 3438. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 875 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 3438. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1627 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3438) to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of highimpact rules pending judicial review, with Mr. SIMPSON in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Washington’s regulatory system is one that virtually every day places new obstacles in the path of American jobs and economic growth. The biggest obstacles of all are new regulations that impose more than $1 billion per year in costs on the American economy. Struggling workers, families, and small business owners have every right to ask why regulations that cost this much are ever promulgated at all. Surely, there are less costly measures that are effective and should be adopted instead. Those less costly measures would allow many more resources to be devoted to job creation and productive investment. But billiondollar rules are promulgated, and there are more and more as the Obama administration grinds to an end. This is one of the reasons our economy has faced so much difficulty in achieving a full recovery under the Obama administration’s misguided policies. Making matters worse, when billion dollar rules are challenged in court, regulated entities must often sink billions of dollars into compliance while litigation is pending even if that litigation ultimately will be successful. Such was the case in Michigan v. EPA, for example, in which an Environmental Protection Agency rule for utilities imposed about $10 billion in costs to achieve just $4 million to $6 million in benefits. That is, at best, about $1,600 in costs for every $1 of benefit. b1630 This is money for job creation and economic recovery we simply cannot afford to waste. But EPA and the courts allowed it to be wasted for years during successful litigation challenging the rule, because neither the EPA nor the courts stayed the rule. The REVIEW Act, introduced by Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Chairman MARINO , is a commonsense measure that responds to this problem with a simple, brightline test. Under the bill, if a new regulation imposes $1 billion or more in annual cost, it will not go into effect until after litigation challenging it is resolved. Of course, if the regulation is not challenged, it may go into effect as normal. This is a balanced approach, and it provides a healthy incentive for agencies to promulgate effective, but lowercost regulations that are more legally sound to begin with. I want to thank Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Chairman TOMMARINO  for his work on this important legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3438 would stay the enforcement of any rule imposing an annual cost to the economy in excess of $1 billion, pending judicial review. Now, do you suspect what that might do? It would have a pernicious impact on rulemaking and the ability of agencies to respond to critical health and safety issues. In essence, the bill would encourage anyone who wants to delay a significant rule from going into effect to simply seek a judicial review of the rule. Please, we all know that the judicial review process can take months—sometimes years—to finalize, especially if the appellate process reaches the United States Supreme Court. So rather than ensuring predictability and streamlining the rulemaking process, this bill would have the completely opposite impact by making the process less predictable and more timeconsuming. Equally important, H.R. 3438 has absolutely no health or safety emergency exceptions. If anything, this bill would empower the very entities that caused a serious health or safety risk to delay and maybe even derail legitimate efforts by regulatory agencies to respond to such threats. As with other bills proposed by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, this legislation myopically focuses only on the cost of a proposed rule while ignoring the rule’s benefits, which often exceed its costs by many multiples. In closing, there is broad agreement among experts in the administrative law field that our Nation’s regulatory system is already too cumbersome and slowmoving. Now, in addition to the Administrative Procedure Act’s procedural mechanisms which are designed to ensure an 
open and fair rulemaking system, Congress has passed various additional Federal laws that impose further rulemaking requirements, and rulemaking agencies must also comply with a number of executive orders issued over the past several decades that have created additional layers of analytical and procedural requirements. The result of this dense web of existing requirements is a complex, timeconsuming rulemaking process. In response to the explosion of analytical requirements imposed on the rulemaking process, the American Bar Association as well as many administrative law experts have urged Congress to exercise restraint and assess the usefulness of existing requirements before considering sweeping legislation. Imposing new analytical and procedural requirements on the administrative system also carries real human and economic costs. As Professor Weissman, the president of Public Citizen, has observed, the cost of regulatory delay is ‘‘far more severe than generic inefficiency. Lengthy delay costs money and lives; it permits ongoing ecologic destruction and the infliction of needless injury; and it enables fraudsters and wrongdoers to perpetuate their misdeeds.’’ Rather than alleviating these problems, H.R. 3438 would clearly exacerbate them. Accordingly, I must urge Members to oppose this illconceived legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), the chief sponsor of the legislation and the chairman of the Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the full committee chairman, Mr. GOODLATTE , for supporting the REVIEW Act as an original cosponsor and for moving it through the Judiciary Committee. I am also grateful for the many other Members who have cosponsored this bill. The REVIEW Act rests upon a very simple premise: that regulations with annual costs exceeding $1 billion annually should receive full judicial review before they go into effect. The regulations we are concerned about are so massive that their compliance costs are felt nationwide. These regulations touch every corner of our economy. They drive up the cost to put food on the table and clothes on our backs, and, in the worst of situations, they take away the very jobs Americans have earned. Due to these immense costs, it is not only prudent, but appropriate that aggrieved parties have their day in court. These costs demand that executive agencies must justify their reasoning and legal underpinnings of their rulemaking. Requiring American taxpayers and businesses to comply before the judicial process runs its course reeks of injustice. Historically, these highimpact rules with costs over $1 billion annually have been few and far between. Since 2006, there have been just 26 in total. However, in recent years, their number has grown exponentially alongside the growth and reach of the regulatory state. There have been an average of three over the past 8 years and six in 2014 alone. Although some may insist that the straightforward reforms in this bill overreach, recent events indicate otherwise. Last summer, in the Supreme Court’s decision in Michigan v. EPA, we saw firsthand the irreparable harm that can occur when expansive, costly, and poorly crafted regulations are not given time for review. In this case, the Court found that the EPA had promulgated its Utility MACT power plant rule through a faulty process and on legally infirm grounds because it chose not to consider costs when promulgating the rule. The costs of the rule were estimated by the EPA itself—by the EPA who created the rule—at $9.6 billion per year. In return, the EPA’s best estimate of potential benefits were in the range of a mere $4 million to $6 million—with an M—annually. As the late Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in his opinion for the Court: ‘‘One would not say that it is even rational, never mind ‘appropriate,’ to impose billions of dollars in economic costs in return for a few dollars in health or environmental benefits.’’ Unfortunately for workers, homeowners, and taxpayers across the country, when the Utility MACT rule was promulgated in early 2012 and after litigation began, neither the EPA nor Court stayed it, pending judicial review. It remained in effect as litigation took 3 years to work itself to a final decision in the Supreme Court in 2015. When review finally got to the Court, the effects were nearly irreversible. Action on the REVIEW Act is a reasonable step on our part to continue proper and reasonable regulatory reforms. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, action on the REVIEW Act is a reasonable step on our part to continue proper and responsible regulatory reform. In the end, this is a bill that encourages smaller, sensible rulemaking. When the costs are borne on the back of our constituents, this is a cause that we all certainly can get behind. Mr. Chairman, it is not only important because of the jobs that are lost, because of the businesses, the manufacturing companies that are going out of business because of these rules by the EPA and other agencies, but it is Congress’ responsibility to litigate and Congress’ responsibility to set budgets and control the purse strings. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in opposition to H.R. 3438, the Require Evaluation Before Implementing Executive Wishlists Act of 2016, also known as the REVIEW Act, which would automatically stay socalled highimpact rules that a party challenges by filing suit in court. Now, this is a very arcane and esoteric subject that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will literally put you to sleep listening to their arguments about it. But make no mistake about it, this is a very important piece of legislation that would torpedo the good work of legislators who are trying to protect the health, safety, and well being of the American people. Simply put, this bill is yet another reckless measure designed to delay the implementation of the most important rules protecting the health, safety, and financial wellbeing of everyday people. Passage of this bill will only benefit the pocketbooks of the large corporations in the top 1 percent while the American people will be left unprotected from corporate greed. Other than satisfying the insatiable thirst of the superwealthy for more and more and more profits to stuff into their already fat and overflowing pockets, this bill is completely unnecessary and is not in the best interest of the greater good. Under current law, both courts and the agency issuing a rule may stay the effective date of a final rule. While agencies have broad discretion in postponing the effective date of a rule, a court considers several factors in deciding whether to stay a rule, including whether the party is likely to succeed on the merits. In 2009, the Supreme Court, in Nken v. Holder, instructed courts to consider four factors when deciding whether to issue a stay: One, whether the stay applicant has made a strong showing that he is likely to succeed on the merits; two, whether the applicant will be irreparably injured absent a stay; three, whether the issuance of the stay will substantially injure the other parties interested in the proceedings; and, four, where the public interest lies. The REVIEW Act would discard this very flexible and practical test in favor of an inflexible and unyielding requirement that agencies automatically delay the effective date of any rule exceeding $1 billion in costs that is challenged in court regardless of whether the party challenging the rule has any likelihood of success on the merits, is actually harmed by the rule, or whether staying the rule would be contrary to the public interest. b1645 It is virtually guaranteed that every highimpact rule would be delayed through litigation challenges, regardless of whether the litigation is meritorious. Frivolous litigation would almost certainly create years of delays 
for these rules which, in many cases, have already taken years to promulgate. But the bill wouldn’t just simply apply to lifesaving rules that exceed $1 billion in costs that keep our air clean and our children safe. Rather, it would likely apply to transfer rules which involve the transfer of funds for budgetary programs authorized by Congress, such as transfer rules involving the Medicare program or the Federal Pell Grant Program, as the Office of Management and Budget has clarified. Lastly, Mr. Chairman, I oppose this bill because it is a dangerous solution to a nonexistent problem. Any party affected by a final agency action may challenge that action in court while agencies may also delay the effective date of rules on a discretionary basis. Professor William Funk, a leading administrative law expert, explains that existing law ‘‘weeds out frivolous claims and takes account of both the cost of the rule and the benefits of the rule that would be avoided by granting the stay.’’ Absent any evidence whatsoever that courts have inappropriately refused to grant stays, I am confident that existing law provides adequate protection. In closing, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation and make in order any of the amendments that you will hear hereafter. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the REVIEW Act. Since 2009, this administration has imposed almost 21,000 rules and regulations on U.S. families and job creators. Of those, over 200 are major regulations, costing $108 billion annually, $22 billion of that coming from 43 major rules just last year. These regulations suffocate opportunity and economic freedom. Whether it is EPA’s rule that will double the electricity bills of hardworking families or EPA’s waters of the U.S. Federal land grab rule that will force landowners to get permission from the Federal Government in order to make decisions on their land or face onerous fines, it is time to rein in the Federal control over our lives that is hurting people. In my district in western central Missouri, one of these rules, the Department of Labor’s overtime rule, which is set to go into effect December 1, will hurt everyday Americans, raising the cost of living while reducing wages and incomes. A senior care group in my district has told me that this rule will likely lead to a reduction in hiring, meaning fewer seniors will be able to get care. Schools have expressed concerns that they will be forced to cut staff and limit the educational services and extracurricular activities they provide for our students. A bank in my district will have to transition 13 of their salaried tellers on staff to hourly wage workers in order to assume the $129,000 in anticipated compliance costs from this rule. Religious organizations have also told me that they will have to cut staff, reducing their ability to provide charitable services to those in need. Washington’s topdown mandates are hurting our friends and our neighbors. We need this bill to stop these overbearing regulations which cripple industries and harm American livelihoods. Instead of stifling opportunity, we should remove barriers to job creation and economic prosperity. I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding. The majority argues that H.R. 3438 responds to cases where a court vacates a rule after it has already gone into effect. The majority argues that H.R. 3438 responds to the Supreme Court’s 2015 decision in Michigan v. EPA, where the Court remanded a clean air rule adopted by the Environmental Protection Agency to reduce power plants’ emissions of hazardous air pollutants. As leading administrator and law professor William Funk has noted, the Court remanded the rule rather than vacating it altogether because the ‘‘grounds upon which the Supreme Court found the rule invalid appear to be easily remedied.’’ He further observes that delaying this rule would cost the U.S. economy $20 to $80 billion per year. Importantly, the industry and State challengers to the EPA’s rule at issue in Michigan v. EPA did not seek judicial stay of the rule prior to the Court’s remand. Perhaps that is because they knew it would fail and that they could not meet the judicial test requiring showings of irreparable harm and likelihood of success on the merits. These challengers are hardly in a good position to complain now about the rule being found unlawful in one respect but not unlawful with respect to every other issue raised by the challengers when they themselves even failed to ask the Court to stay the rule beforehand. Furthermore, notwithstanding the majority’s misleading claims that this rule caused irreparable harm and cost billions of dollars to implement while only offering potential benefits in the millions of dollars, the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, which is the same entity that would be charged with conducting cost estimates under the bill, states that annual benefits of the rule range between $30 and $90 billion, very much dwarfing its annual cost of $9.6 billion. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member. Following the Court’s remand, the EPA has reaffirmed its original finding that it is appropriate to achieve deep cuts in mercury and up to 7 dozen hazardous air pollutants such as lead, arsenic, and benzene from coalburning power plants even after considering cost, which was the only issue in the Supreme Court’s remand of the case. This rule delivers immense benefits to Americans, with monetized benefits greatly outweighing compliance costs. An automatic stay brought by the REVIEW Act would result in all of those health hazards—4,200 premature deaths, 2,800 cases of chronic bronchitis, and on and on and on. The automatic stay brought by the REVIEW Act, if it passes, would result in so many health hazards occurring to Americans and health costs being borne by the public after the rules compliance date. I urge my colleagues to vote against this illfounded and illconceived piece of legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, there is broad opposition to H.R. 3438. In the context of a veto threat, the Obama administration notes in its Statement of Administration Policy that H.R. 3438 would ‘‘promote unwarranted litigation, introduce harmful delay, and, in many cases, thwart implementation of statutory mandates and execution of duly enacted laws,’’ and would also ‘‘increase business uncertainty and undermine muchneeded protections for the American public, including critical rules that provide financial reform and protect public health, food safety, and the environment.’’ The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, which includes more than 150 diverse labor, consumer, public health, food safety, financial reform, faith, environmental, and scientific integrity groups representing millions of Americans, strongly opposes H.R. 3438, stating that it ‘‘will make the single biggest problem in our current regulatory process, namely, excessive and out of control regulatory delays, even worse.’’ Other leading consumer and public interest groups strongly oppose this misguided legislation, noting that, ‘‘like numerous other antiregulatory bills,’’ H.R. 3438 ‘‘further tilts the regulatory process in favor of corporate special interests by creating more opportunities for the manipulation and abuse of the process to their benefit and at the expense of protecting consumers, working families, and other vulnerable communities.’’ Indeed, this bill is no different than the many other antiregulatory bills considered this Congress. It is a dangerous solution to a problem that is nonexistent. Accordingly, I urge each and every one of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to resist this and oppose H.R. 3438. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Michigan makes reference to the administration’s Statement of Administration Policy on H.R. 3438. The administration opposes this bill precisely because it would be effective. It would help to halt their regulatory overreach. The administration claims that this bill is unnecessary because rulemaking procedures already exist to ensure that new rules are as least burdensome as possible and produce a net benefit, and courts already can issue judicial stays. But the whole reason for this legislation is that the administration is ignoring such procedures. The courts rarely issue judicial stays, and by the time the courts finally strike down illegal rules, it is too late. For example, the administration lost in Michigan v. EPA because it failed to consider the costs and benefits of the rule which imposed about $10 billion in costs to achieve just $4 to $6 million in benefits. By the time the Court issued the ruling, huge sums had already been spent on compliance. These are resources that otherwise could have gone into productive jobs and investment rather than complying with an illegal rule. Our economy cannot afford this waste. Do not be fooled by the administration’s fearmongering about delaying rules addressing public safety emergencies. It is difficult to imagine a public safety emergency requiring a billiondollar rule to solve. Indeed, we reviewed a list of billion dollar rules issued since 2000, and not one responds to an immediate public safety emergency. Even if there were such a case, imposing costs of that magnitude for whatever reason should be made by elected representatives accountable to the people, not agency bureaucrats. Instead of recommending a veto of this bill, the President’s senior advisers should recommend agencies faithfully follow rulemaking procedures so Congress does not have to shorten the leash even further. Billiondollar rules are a fastgrowing plague inflicted by Washington’s outofcontrol regulators on small businesses and ordinary citizens throughout the land. According to a 2014 report by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, over 30 billiondollar rules since the year 2000 are imposing roughly $100 billion a year in costs on our struggling economy. The American Action Forum reports that the Obama administration plans to impose at least another $113 billion in regulatory costs before it leaves office, and this is on top of the estimated $2 trillionplus in total costs from Washington regulators that are crushing our economy and strangling economic recovery. b1700 It is time for measures that shout, ‘‘Stop,’’ to Washington’s regulators and force them to find a better way. That is exactly what this bill does. It imposes automatic stays when new billiondollar rules are challenged in court so small businesses and hardworking Americans don’t have to bear the crushing cost of illegal rules while they pursue their rights in court. It creates a powerful incentive for agencies tempted to zoom past the billion dollar mark to stop, turn around, and find a less costly way to achieve the same benefits for the American people. Hopefully, once this bill becomes law, we will stop seeing needless billiondollar rules. And if we ever do need a billiondollarayear solution, this bill will help make sure regulators leave it to the accountable Members of Congress to make such monumental policy decisions by statute. I urge all of my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 3438 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Require Evaluation before Implementing Executive Wishlists Act of 2016’’ or as the ‘‘REVIEW Act of 2016’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–777. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–777. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 875, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, my amendment would exempt rules that reduce the cost of health care for Americans over the age of 65 from the unnecessary requirements of this legislation. Mr. Chair, our country’s seniors face growing healthcare costs, and any delays in rules that could reduce those costs would be a terrible burden to place on America’s seniors. According to the latest retiree healthcare cost estimates from Fidelity Benefits Consulting, a 65yearold couple retiring this year will need an average of $260,000 in today’s dollars to cover medical expenses throughout their retirement. That applies only to retirees with traditional Medicare insurance coverage and does not include costs associated with nursing home care. Fidelity estimates that a 65yearold couple would need an additional 
$130,000 to ensure against longterm care expenses. That is because the median annual cost for the base rent at an assisted living community is about $41,000 per year. The average annual cost for skilled nursing is about $71,000 per year. Because much longterm care is provided by unpaid family caregivers or is covered by Medicaid, the average senior’s lifetime outofpocket long term care expenses are about $50,000. The legislation before us would open up the rulemaking process to lengthy delay tactics, allowing companies or entities opposed to certain rules to take advantage of the court system to stymie final rulemaking for years. Our seniors don’t have years to wait on policies that could save them precious dollars in their retirement. There is already a robust process in place for opponents to challenge them in court, with the decision whether to delay a rule rightly placed in the court’s hands. This legislation is a gift to special interests who will benefit from the delay of the imposition of rules that reduce costs for seniors. These special interests are willing to spend millions of dollars and waste years fighting regulations that will benefit the American people, particularly our seniors. Highimpact rules typically involve either the transfer of Federal funds or rules with billions of dollars in benefits to the public. During fiscal year 2014, for example, executive branch agencies adopted 53 major rules, 35 of which were transfer rules. According to the Office of Management and Budget, transfer rules merely implement Federal budgetary programs as required or authorized by Congress, such as rules associated with the Medicare program and the Federal Pell Grant Program. There are 44.9 million seniors on Medicare in this country. Frivolous lawsuits to delay rules that will increase benefits or those that will produce cost savings would be a grave betrayal of the promise that we have made to keep America’s seniors healthy. My amendment simply ensures that any rule that reduces costs of health care for Americans 65 or older will not be subject to unnecessary delays. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the REVIEW Act applies to all new billion dollar rules. That is for one simple reason: the harm that wasting billions of dollars in unnecessary compliance costs does to job creation, productive investment, and economic recovery. Those costs should not have to be incurred during ultimately successful litigation challenging new billiondollar rules. The amendment is concerned primarily with transfer rules that authorize the flow of funding between Federal healthcare accounts for seniors. With respect to those rules, there is no need for concern that the bill would impede the operation of those rules. To my knowledge, there has never been a billiondollar transfer rule, much less one affecting seniors, that has been challenged in court, nor am I am aware of any reason to expect that one ever will be challenged. The bill, of course, only requires a stay if a timely challenge to a rule is brought in court. As for other rules that may be within the amendment’s scope, if such rules are needed, then agencies can avoid the bill’s application by coming up with effective regulations that cost less than $1 billion a year. That is a goal to be pursued, not blocked. If, in an unusual case, the needed solution truly must cost a billion dollars a year or more, then the decision to adopt that solution is a decision Congress should make, not an agency. Congress, moreover, can make that decision without hindrance of litigation through fair and open consideration and debate by the people’s Representatives, not unaccountable bureaucrats. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, the chairman just made my point. This legislation, as currently written, would apply to all rules, including rules that would reduce the cost of health care for America’s seniors. In fact, the OMB says—and I repeat—that a transfer rule merely ‘‘implements Federal budgetary programs, as required or authorized by Congress, such as rules associated with the Medicare program and the Federal Pell Grant Program. So we know, in fact, that, according to OMB, the Medicare program is considered part of the transfer rule. So this legislation, as currently written, means that all rules, including any rule that is promulgated that would reduce costs for seniors would, in fact, be subjected to this delay. My amendment is necessary, by the chairman’s own admission. We need this amendment so that we can at least exempt out those provisions that might produce real savings for America’s seniors. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–777. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 875, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3438, which would exempt from the bill any rule related to increasing the affordability of higher education. It is no secret that the rising cost of college is posing grave challenges to students and families across the country. Every year, Americans are being forced to take out higher loan amounts to pay for tuition, fees, textbooks, and housing. Today, student debt totals more than $1.3 trillion. In my home State of Washington, 56 percent of graduates from 4year universities leave school with debt and, on average, those students owe more than $23,000 upon graduation. At a time when Americans owe more in student loan debt than credit card debt, it is more critical than ever that we prioritize college affordability for all. The issue is personal for me. When I was young, my father lost his job, and my parents never got back on track financially. But thanks to student loans and financial aid, I was still able to get a great education. With that education and hard work, I was able to build a successful career and be in the position that I am in today. We need to make sure students have the same opportunities that were available to us. That starts by protecting the Department of Education’s ability to administer vital financial aid programs like Pell grants and Federal student loans. These programs have enabled millions of lowincome students to attend college. If we restrict the Department’s ability to administer them, we are also endangering the millions of hardworking Americans who rely on their critical support. This year alone, more than 8.4 million lowincome students will benefit from Pell grants. Over 20 million student loans will be issued to help students and families afford the cost of college. We cannot put these essential resources at risk. They help ensure higher education is never out of reach, and they must be protected. 
That is why I am offering this straightforward and narrowly tailored amendment. It simply protects the Department of Education’s ability to administer Federal student aid programs that keep college affordable and accessible to all. Today, too many families are struggling to put their kids through college, and we should be making it easier for them, not harder. My amendment will prevent the underlying bill from threatening the vital assistance offered each year through Pell grants, student loans, and other forms of financial aid. Particularly as students are heading back to school in communities across the country, I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Once again, the REVIEW Act applies to all new billion dollar rules. The bill’s relief is urgently needed. Failures to require stays of billiondollar rules during litigation wastes billions of dollars in unnecessary compliance costs and resources that are needlessly paid. Those costs are essential to job creation, productive investment, and economic recovery. These costs should not have to be incurred during ultimate successful litigation challenging new billiondollar rules. If education rules like those the amendment would carve out are needed, the relevant agencies can avoid the bill’s application by coming up with effective regulations that cost less than $1 billion a year. That is a goal to be pursued, not blocked, especially when it is the presence in higher education that is actually driving up much of the cost concerning the upward spiral in the cost of higher education. If, in an unusual case, a needed solution truly must cost a billion dollars a year or more, then, once again, the decision to adopt that solution is a decision Congress should make, not an agency. With all due respect, my friend and I have worked on legislation together. I have a list here of the billiondollar rules and there is nothing—not one name on here—that has anything to do with the Department of Education. Furthermore, I would love to work on a piece of legislation reducing the cost of posthigh school education with my colleague. I didn’t start college until after I was 30. My wife and I put me through college and law school. We borrowed money through grants and anything we could do. I know the cost of education was expensive back then, and I am stymied at what it is now, but this is not the mechanism to do that. This legislation that Republicans brought to the floor—my legislation— deals with overseeing the government and the regulation that is crushing jobs in this country. Congress has the responsibility, as I repeat, to make the laws and to control the purse strings. So I offer again to my good friend an opportunity to work with her on lowering the cost of education in this country, but I think it should be in a separate piece of legislation and not this. I ask my colleagues to not support the amendment and I ask them to support the overall legislation that we brought to the floor. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Chairman, the bill, as it exists, doesn’t require challenges to have any merit, so it opens the door to frivolous lawsuits. The Office of Management and Budget did say that this would hit the billiondollar threshold. I do think that it is very, very important that we support my amendment so that we protect students today from harmful, unintended consequences of the REVIEW Act. I want to thank my colleague for being willing to work together on ways to improve college affordability going forward. I would ask that he support this amendment as part of that, but I would be happy to work with him on other issues as well. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b1715 The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington will be postponed. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–777 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. CICILLINE of Rhode Island. Amendment No. 2 by Ms. DELBENEof Washington. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 232, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 532] AYES—189 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brooks (AL) Moore Palmer Poe (TX) Rogers (AL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
b1742 Messrs. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, WEBSTER of Florida, WESTERMAN, REICHERT, HURT of Virginia, BURGESS, BILIRAKIS, COLLINS of New York, Ms. STEFANIK, Messrs. WOODALL, GOODLATTE, JOLLY, Ms. GRANGER, and Mr. MOOLENAAR changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, DENT, BLUM, CURBELO of Florida, and KATKO changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This will be a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 237, not voting 10, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—10 
Bass Moore Poe (TX) Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1746 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The CHAIR. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RODNEYDAVIS of Illinois) having assumed the chair, Mr. SIMPSON , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3438) to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of highimpact rules pending judicial review, and, pursuant 
to House Resolution 875, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1745 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Mississippi is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to the committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Just over a week ago, the Nation observed the 15th anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attack. On that day, terror and hate not only took the lives of 3,000 innocent people, but also inflicted $3.3 trillion in economic damage to our Nation. In response to this unprecedented attack on U.S. soil, the Department of Homeland Security was established. To be successful, DHS must work with State, local, and private sector partners. Many of DHS’s programs are voluntary, but in some areas, where the threats are high and voluntary measures are inadequate, DHS utilizes Federal rulemaking. As we saw last weekend in Minnesota, New York, and New Jersey, the threat picture is constantly evolving. Today, the threat of individuals acting alone, inspired online by foreign and domestic terrorist groups, is arguably one of the greatest homeland security challenges we face. Our government needs to be able to respond to evolving threats like the ‘‘lone wolf’’ threat. I am alarmed to see that, under this bill, critical action by the Department of Homeland Security could be indefinitely hamstrung, as protracted, possibly frivolous, legal challenges move through the courts. From a homeland security standpoint, there is no justification for putting arbitrary obstacles in the way of DHS when it needs to issue regulations to protect critical infrastructure from infiltration by terrorists, keep dangerous materials out of terrorists’ hands, and secure the border, yet the underlying bill would do just that. Mr. Speaker, my motion to recommit would provide for an exception to the rule in instances that ‘‘pertain to protecting the Nation against security threats.’’ There are things we can do to make the country more secure, but it seems that the majority lacks the will to do so. Earlier today, Democrats tried to get legislation to bar individuals on the nofly terrorist watch list from buying guns considered. The majority blocked the legislation. Then we tried to get considered a measure that I authored to expand DHS’ overseas screening and vetting operations to protect ISILtrained European foreign fighters and other dangerous people from entering the United States. This measure was blocked, too. This morning, Mr. Speaker, in my committee, we received testimony from prominent law enforcement officials about how the availability of firearms put their officers and the citizens they protect in harm’s way. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the Austin, Texas, police chief testified that police chiefs are ‘‘haunted’’ by the threat posed by the ‘‘widespread availability of firearms in our country,’’ which ‘‘makes it possible for potentially dangerous persons to legally acquire weapons to cause mayhem and colossal casualties.’’ To this point, this past weekend, in a St. Cloud, Minnesota, mall, 10 people, including a pregnant woman, were stabbed by a young man who is believed to have been radicalized by ISIL. Thankfully, all the injured individuals are expected to recover. These days, it is not too hard to imagine the carnage that could have been inflicted on this innocent population if the assailant had, instead, entered the mall with an AK–47 assault weapon and largecapacity clips. This Congress must show leadership on the pressing homeland security challenges to the Nation. Standing in the way of the Department of Homeland Security, as it tries to protect our citizens, is the wrong thing to do. For these and a number of other reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ on my motion to recommit. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, billiondollar rules are among the worst offenses of the pen andphone Obama administration. This administration is using overreaching billiondollar rules to insert EPA’s water permitting agents into every American’s backyard. It is using overreaching billiondollar rules to shut down this country’s cheap generation of electricity. It is using overreaching billiondollar rules to impose unachievable ozone standards that will strangle economic opportunities in counties all over this Nation. Above all, wherever it can, it is using overreaching billiondollar rules to execute end runs around Congress and achieve legislative ends it knows it cannot achieve in Congress. The Obama administration says, on spurious grounds, it will veto this bill. This motion to recommit tries to obstruct this bill by means of procedural obstruction. The House has already passed antiterrorism measures. Why do my colleagues across the aisle want to block this good bill? The legislation that we have passed is H.R. 4401, the Amplifying Local Efforts to Root Out Terror Act; H.R. 4820, the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act; and H.R. 4407, the Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act. These were all almost unanimously passed. I sit on the Committee on Homeland Security. We have been passing good legislation, and we continue to pass good legislation. This administration and its allies on the other side of the aisle would rather let Congress duck accountability to the voters for billiondollar decisions. It would rather give billiondollar phones and pens to unaccountable bureaucrats up and down Pennsylvania Avenue so they can do things the voters cannot stop. The American people are telling us every day, ‘‘Enough.’’ I am telling President Obama and my colleagues, ‘‘Enough.’’ Stand up for accountability. Stand up for the smallbusiness owners and workers who are being crushed by Washington’s bureaucratic billiondollar bullies who are against this motion and please vote for this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, 
this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; passage of H.R. 5461; and suspending the rules and passing the following bills: H.R. 5859, H.R. 6007, H.R. 5977, H.R. 6014, and H.R. 5147. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 240, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—9 
Duffy Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Stivers Tiberi Walters, Mimi Yoder 
b1804 So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 244, noes 180, not voting 7, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Crenshaw Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
b1811 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IRANIAN LEADERSHIP ASSET TRANSPARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5461) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 282, nays 143, not voting 6, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—143 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
b1818 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMMUNITY COUNTERTERRORISM PREPAREDNESS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5859) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 395, nays 30, not voting 6, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aderholt Amash Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Davidson Duncan (TN) Fleming Gohmert Gosar Harris Huelskamp Jones Jordan Labrador Lummis Massie Meadows Mulvaney Palmer Posey Ribble Rigell Roby Salmon Sanford Schweikert Stutzman Webster (FL) 
Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
b1826 Messrs. RICE of South Carolina, WITTMAN, and DUNCAN of South Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AMENDING TITLE 49 TO INCLUDE CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN IMPACTS ON COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH AND REENTRY ACTIVITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6007) to amend title 49, United States Code, to include consideration of certain impacts on commercial space launch and reentry activities in a navigable airspace analysis, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 425, nays 0, not voting 6, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter 
Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
b1832 Mr. CONYERS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO PROVIDE CONGRESS ADVANCE NOTICE OF CERTAIN ANNOUNCEMENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5977) to direct the Secretary of Transportation to provide to the appropriate committees of Congress advance notice of certain announcements, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 424, nays 1, not voting 6, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—1 
Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
b1839 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DIRECTING THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION TO ALLOW CERTAIN CONSTRUCTION OR ALTERATION OF STRUCTURES BY STATE DEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6014) to direct the Federal Aviation Administration to allow certain construction or alteration of structures by State departments of transportation without requiring an aeronautical study, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 425, nays 0, not voting 6, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
b1845 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to allow the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to enter into reimbursable agreements for certain airport projects.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BATHROOMS ACCESSIBLE IN EVERY SITUATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5147) to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 389, nays 34, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 541] YEAS—389 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts 
Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Amash Brat Brooks (AL) Burgess Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Duncan (SC) Farenthold Gibbs Gosar Griffith Grothman Harris Hice, Jody B. Huelskamp Jones Loudermilk Lummis Massie McClintock Mulvaney Perry Rohrabacher Rokita Salmon Sanford Stutzman Thornberry Weber (TX) Westmoreland Yoho Young (AK) Zinke 
Larson (CT) Moore Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine 
b1851 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public buildings to be equipped with baby changing facilities.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 535 (on passage of H.R. 3438), 536 (on passage of H.R. 5461), 537 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5859), 538 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 6007), 539 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended HR. 5977), 540 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 6014), and 541 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5147) I did not cast my votes due to illness. Had I been present. I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on all of the votes. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2315) to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2315 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Virginia (Mr. G OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2315, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act provides a clear, uniform framework for when States may tax nonresident employees who travel to the taxing State to perform work. In particular, this bill prevents States from imposing income tax compliance burdens on nonresidents who work in a foreign State for fewer than 30 days in a year. The State tax laws that determine when a nonresident must pay a foreign State’s income tax and when employers must withhold this tax are numerous and varied. Some States tax income earned within their borders by nonresidents even if the employee only works in the State for just 1 day. These complicated rules impact everyone who travels for work and many industries. As just one example, the Judiciary Committee heard testimony in 2015 that the patchwork of State laws resulted in a manufacturing company issuing 50 W–2s to a single employee for a single year. The company executive also noted, regarding the compliance burden: many of our affected employees make less than $50,000 per year and have limited resources to seek professional advice. States generally allow a credit for income taxes paid to another State. However, it is not always dollar for dollar when local taxes are factored in. Credits also do not relieve workers of substantial paperwork burdens. There are substantial burdens on employers as well. The committee heard testimony in 2014 that businesses, including small businesses, that operate interstate are subject to significant regulatory burdens with regard to compliance with nonresident State income tax withholding laws. These burdens distract from productive activity and job creation. Nevertheless, some object that the States will lose revenue if the bill is enacted. However, an analysis from Ernst & Young found that the bill’s revenue impact is minimal. There is little motive for fraud and gaming because the amount of money at issue—taxes on less than 30 days’ wages—is minimal. Also, the income tax generally has to be paid; the question is merely to whom. I commend the bill’s lead sponsors, Representatives BISHOP and J OHNSON , and thank all of the bill’s cosponsors. I urge the bill’s passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent to yield control of my time to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2315. A large and broad coalition of 11 large labor and tax organizations all oppose this bill because it is an attempt to impose standardized criteria for a uniform framework for the tax treatment of outofstate residents, would cause certain States to lose massive State income tax revenues, and would facilitate tax liability avoidance through manipulation by employers and employees alike. It achieves this flawed result in several ways. To begin with, rather than promoting uniformity, H.R. 2315 would have a significant adverse impact on income tax revenues for certain States. According to the Congressional Budget Office, for example, as the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) will explain, New York could lose between $50 million and $125 million annually if this measure were signed into law. Other States that would also be adversely impacted and affected include Illinois, Massachusetts, and California. As a result of the lost revenues from nonresident taxpayers, these States would be forced to make up these losses by shifting the tax burden to resident taxpayers. It may even cause these States to cut government services, such as funding for education and critical infrastructure improvements. Another problem with H.R. 2315 is that it essentially provides a roadmap for State income tax liability avoidance. b1900 By allowing an employer to rely on an employee’s determination of the time he or she is expected to spend working in another State during the year, the bill prevents the employer from withholding an employee’s State income taxes to a nonresident State. This would be the result even if the employer is aware that the employee has been working in a State for more than 30 days, as long as that State cannot prove that the employee committed fraud in making his annual determination and the employer knew it. Rather than proceeding with this flawed bill, I urge my colleagues to pass a fair and uniform framework to allow States to collect taxes owed on remote sales. By staying silent since the Supreme Court’s 1992 Quill decision, the Congress has failed to ensure that States have the authority to collect sales and use tax on Internet purchases. I am disappointed that, rather than moving the bipartisan eFairness legislation that our communities need, we are considering this measure instead. For these concerns and other reasons, I hope that you will join me in opposing H.R. 2315. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to address my colleagues regarding my bipartisan, bicameral, H.R. 2315, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act. Mr. Speaker, according to the 10th Amendment, States are generally free to set their own public policy. It is important, however, that they do so in a way that does not place a substantial burden upon the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution. As the American workforce becomes increasingly more mobile, Congress has the constitutional duty to ensure that State public policy does not interfere with interstate economic activity. As an attorney and businessowner, I have seen firsthand how complicated all these different State income tax laws are for those who travel and work. These burdens affect small businesses in particular, as well as their employees, because they simply do not have the resources to comply with all the varying State income tax requirements that exist today. Employees are currently being punished with complex reporting standards and the expense that results from filing all of this paperwork simply because they must travel outside their home State for work. And rather than expanding payroll or reducing prices for consumer goods, businesses are being forced to spend their hardearned and scarce resources on complying with convoluted State income tax laws. This certainly fits the definition, in my opinion, of government red tape. During the subcommittee hearing on my bill last year, one witness testified that his employer had filed 10,500 W–2s on behalf of their numerous employees, primarily because they had crossed State lines for work. He went on to tell us that one of his coworkers had to file 50 W–2s just for himself. Imagine an individual making less than $50,000 a year having to file 50, 20, or even 10 W–2s. It is simply unacceptable to place that burden on our workforce today, and, moreover, it is unacceptable for us to let it go unresolved any longer. The Constitution grants Congress the authority to enact laws to protect the free flow of commerce among the States. It is imperative that Congress respects the 10th Amendment, but States must not use that power to prey upon workers from different States simply to raise revenues. That said, the complex array of State income tax laws in this Nation deserve 
a serious overhaul, and that is why conservative states’ rights legislative groups such as the American Legislative Exchange Council agree and support this legislation, specifically identifying H.R. 2315 as the type of interstate commerce regulation Congress should enact. In fact, that is why more than 300 outside organizations, to date, have pledged their support for this bill. With the help of my colleague, Representative HANK JOHNSON , on the other side of the aisle, our Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act is a carefully crafted, bipartisan, bicameral measure that streamlines income tax laws across the Nation. It creates a uniform 30day threshold before which a nonresident cannot be exposed to another State’s income tax liability. This ensures employees will have a clear understanding of their tax liability, and it gives employers a clear and consistent rule so that they can plan and accurately withhold taxes, knowing that the same rule applies for all States with an income tax. And best of all, it means much less paperwork and reduced compliance costs for everyone involved— businessowners and employees. The goal of H.R. 2315 is to protect our mobile workforce, and that includes traveling emergency workers, first responders, trade union workers, nonprofit staff, teachers, and Federal, State, and local government employees. Any organization that has employees that cross State lines for temporary periods will benefit from this law. I would also note that great care was taken with this bill to diminish the impact on State revenues. My colleague across the aisle suggested concerns with this, and I would point out that a 2015 study the chairman raised earlier, conducted by Ernst & Young, found that H.R. 2315 would actually raise tax revenues in some States, while other States would only see a de minimis change. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the 308 members of the Mobile Workforce Coalition who support the bill. I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE for all of his time and effort, all 180 of my colleagues who have cosponsored this House bill, as well as Senator THUNE , Senator BROWN , and nearly half of the United States Senate that have cosponsored our companion bill so far. The Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act is a simple way to reduce obvious administrative burdens with so much red tape interwoven in today’s Tax Code. This bill is just a plain commonsense way to cut through the clutter and simplify part of the filing process moving forward. Together, we can make our workforce a priority and help our small businesses grow and save. I strongly urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 2315. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2315. This bill represents a major assault on the sovereignty of the States, and does particular damage to my home State of New York, depriving it of more than $100 million of its own tax revenue. The Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act would prohibit States from collecting income tax from an individual unless the person works more than 30 days in that State in a calendar year. Simplifying and harmonizing the rules on tax collection across the country is a worthy goal, but this bill would block States from setting their own tax policy within their own borders. That is both highly questionable, as a matter of constitutional law, and deeply troubling, as a matter of policy. The power to tax is a key index of sovereignty, yet this legislation tells States they may not tax activity solely within their borders except as prescribed in the bill. I find this constitutionally dubious. Although I take a broad view generally of the Commerce Clause, I do not think it extends to a State’s ability to tax a person doing business within its own borders. Setting aside that concern, however, this bill would do great harm to a number of States, most especially to New York. According to some estimates, New York State could lose up to $125 million annually if this bill were enacted. New York City’s unique location as the center of commerce for the Nation as well as its physical proximity to two other States means that many individuals go there throughout the year for business purposes. But if you work fewer than 30 days, which is up to six 5 day workweeks, this bill would strip New York of its right to tax any of your business activity within its borders. That is both grossly unfair and extremely costly. While a de minimis exception might make sense, I hardly think that 6 weeks and $125 million is de minimis. This bill comes at a time when Congress is intent on shifting more and more responsibilities to the States. As States continue to struggle with budgets that are stretched ever thinner, we should not further limit their authority to tax and deprive them of yet more revenue. The fiscal impact of this bill on certain States may be quite minimal but, on others like New York, it would be catastrophic. If we deprive a State of $125 million each year, vital services like education, law enforcement, and health care could all be on the chopping block. During consideration of H.R. 2315 in the Judiciary Committee, I offered two amendments that would have mitigated its impact. The first would have reduced the bill’s 30day threshold to a more reasonable 14 days, which is still almost 3 weeks of work without being subject to taxation. The other would have added highly paid individuals to the bill’s list of exemptions, which would help avoid loopholes that could allow wealthy people to escape millions of dollars of taxation. Had my amendments been accepted, the expected impact on New York would have been reduced from more than $100 million to roughly $20 million a year. While still causing a significant drain on resources, these amendments would have gone a long way toward making the bill fairer, while still achieving its underlying goals. Unfortunately, they were defeated and, therefore, I must oppose the bill. When the gentleman speaks of a company with 50 W–2 forms for one employee, if those W–2 forms total a few million dollars, that is not very burdensome. If they are for $50,000, I understand the point. My amendment would have taken care of that. I should note that this is not just about New York and that several other States would be similarly affected by this legislation. In addition, the bill is opposed by a broad coalition of labor and tax organizations, including the AFL–CIO, AFSCME, SEIU, the International Union of Police Associations, the Federation of Tax Administrators, the Multistate Tax Commission, and many others. We should not be depriving States of the ability to tax within their own borders as we are transferring more functions to the States and cutting back on Federal spending. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this unfair and misguided legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in response to the previous speaker, my colleague from across the aisle, I would respectfully respond to his concerns about states’ rights. This bill does not violate federalism principles. On the contrary, it is an exercise of Congress’ Commerce Clause authority in precisely the situation for which it was intended. The Supreme Court has explained that the Commerce Clause was informed by structural concerns about the effects of State regulation on the national economy. Under the Articles of Confederation, State taxes and duties hindered and suppressed interstate commerce. The Framers intended the interstate Commerce Clause as a cure for these structural ills. This bill fits squarely within the authority by bringing uniformity to cases of de minimis presence by interstate workers in order to reduce compliance costs. I might also say, Mr. Speaker, in regard to this bill, this bill enjoys broad bipartisan support. It has 180 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. This bill will minimize compliance burdens on both workers and employers so that they can get back to being productive, creating and performing jobs. We have received letters of support from hundreds of entities across the employment spectrum. But this bill is not just about business; it is about individuals. 
One businessowner told the Judiciary Committee that the compliance burdens from the patchwork of State laws falls on the employees who ‘‘make less than $50,000 per year and have limited resources to seek professional advice.’’ b1915 It may not seem like a lot to those who oppose this bill, but for folks that make that kind of money, it is a great burden. It has been questioned whether there will be revenue loss to these States. Analysis shows that the impact is minimal, affecting mainly the allocation of revenues, not the overall size of the tax revenue pot. This legislation is a great example of Congress working in a bipartisan way to relieve burdens on hardworking Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2315, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2015, which is an important bipartisan bill that will help workers and small businesses across the country. As a proud sponsor of this legislation in both the 110th and 111th Congresses, I am very familiar with this issue. H.R. 2315 would provide for a uniform and easily administrable law that will simplify the patchwork of existing inconsistent and confusing State rules. It would also reduce administrative costs to the States and lessen compliance burdens on consumers. From a national perspective, the mobile workforce bill will vastly simplify the patchwork of existing inconsistent and confusing State rules. It would also reduce administrative costs to States and lessen compliance burdens on consumers. Take my home State of Georgia as an example. If an Atlantabased employee of a St. Louis company travels to headquarters on a business trip once a year, that employee would be subject to Missouri tax, even if his annual visit only lasts a day. However, if that employee travels to Maine, her trip would only be subject to tax if her trip lasts for 10 days. If she travels to New Mexico on business, she would only be subject to tax if she was in the State for 15 days. For example, in Georgia, Acuity Brands is a leading lighting manufacturer that employs over 1,000 associates and has over 3,200 associates nationwide who travel extensively across the country for training, conferences, and other business. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter in support of H.R. 2315. ACUITY BRANDS , Conyers, GA, September 19, 2016. Re H.R. 2315, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act. Hon. HANKJOHNSON , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE JOHNSON : We are writing to express our strong support for H.R. 2315, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act, and urge you to support the legislation when the bill is considered by the House this week. H.R. 2315, which would establish unified, clear rules and definitions for nonresident personal income tax reporting and withholding, is supported by 300+ organizations comprising the Mobile Workforce Coalition, and has over 170 bipartisan cosponsors. The bill was approved by the House Judiciary Committee in June 2015, and a nearly identical version of the legislation was passed by voice vote in the House during the 112th Congress (H.R. 1864). Acuity Brands, Inc. is one of the leading manufacturers of lighting and controls equipment in the world. We are a U.S. corporation based in Georgia with offices, manufacturing facilities, and training centers across the United States. We employee over 4,000 associates in the United States, and our fiscal year 2015 net sales totaled over $2.7 billion. Acuity Brands is a large multinational company with locations in many states and customers in all 50 states, which requires a large number of our associates to travel outside of their respective states of residency in order to properly manage and grow our business. Our associates travel all over the country for training, conferences, intracompany business, and volunteer activities for communities or nonforprofit entities. Many of these activities contribute to the economy of those nonresident states. Our associates, some of the country’s foremost experts on matters impacting the lighting industry, also travel at the invitation of state legislators and regulators to provide testimony and technical expertise on energyrelated issues. Given the extensive travel required of our associates, some of which is done at the behest of others, the current statebystate system of nonresident personal income tax reporting and withholding imposes substantial operational and administrative burdens on Acuity Brands and our associates. The current requirements vary by state and are often changing, which presents significant compliance challenges. Furthermore, state laws are not always clear on what constitutes work travel or work days, or what exclusions apply. Thus, significant resources are expended trying to interpret various states’ requirements and then attempting to satisfy them. H.R. 2315 would simplify the current system and greatly reduce the burden on Acuity Brands and other businesses. Unified, simple rules and definitions for nonresident reporting and withholding obligations would undoubtedly improve compliance rates and it would strike the correct balance between state sovereignty and ensuring that America’s modern mobile workforce is not unduly encumbered. In light of the foregoing, we would sincerely appreciate your support on this legislation. Thank you very much for your consideration. Sincerely, CHERYL ENGLISH , VP, Government & Industry Relations , Acuity Brands. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. In a letter, Richard Reece, Acuity’s executive vice president, writes that current State laws are numerous, varied, and often changing, requiring that the company expend significant resources merely interpreting and satisfying States’ requirements. He concludes that: Unified, clear rules and definitions for nonresident reporting and withholding obligations would undoubtedly improve compliance rates, and it would strike the correct balance between State sovereignty and ensuring that America’s modern mobile workforce is not unduly encumbered. 
We should heed the calls of Acuity and numerous other businesses across the country by enacting H.R. 2315 into law. With over 175 cosponsors this Congress, it is clear that mobile workforce is an idea whose time has come. I thank my colleagues for their work on the bill, and, in particular, Congressman BISHOP of Michigan for his leadership on this bill in the 114th Congress; also Chairman GOODLATTE for allowing this bill to come to the floor. Congressman BISHOP has carried the torch for our esteemed former colleague, the late Howard Coble, who fought alongside me in support of this bill when it passed out of the House by a voice vote in the 112th Congress. I also thank our staffs who have worked tirelessly to build support for this legislation along bipartisan lines. This bill is a testament to the good that can come from working across the aisle on bipartisan tax fairness reforms. I am optimistic that the passage of H.R. 2315 augers well for the passage of efairness legislation, which is critical to countless small businesses across the country this Congress. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to bring this bill up for a vote as soon as possible. This country’s employees and businesses deserve quick action. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, whatever the gentleman may say, the fact is this bill, since it deals only with earnings earned completely within a State, represents a major assault on the sovereignty of the States. It is one thing to say that interstate commerce must be regulated, that the State’s ability to extend its tax out, its tax through a company without much nexus to the State that sells into the State can be regulated, but that is not this. What this says is: We are going to limit the State’s ability to tax economic activity that occurs entirely within the State. Now, one might argue that if someone only spends a couple days in the State, you shouldn’t tax that because it will discourage doing business in the State; and maybe if I were still a member of the State legislature, maybe I 
would argue that. But that is an argument for the State legislature. It is not an argument for Congress. That is an argument on the economic merits of the State’s exercise of its own tax powers and its own judgment within its own borders. For Congress to step in and say: New York must forgo $125 million in revenue or some other State must forgo $55 million or maybe $22.38 entirely based on economic activity within that State is, frankly, none of our business. Today we talk about the burden that this imposes. Yes, a State might be wise to exempt small amounts of income so you don’t need 50 W–2s to someone who earns a total of $50,000, but for someone who earns $50 million and may earn $20 million in a couple of days in a State, that State ought to be able to tax it, and it ought to be up to the economic and political judgment of that State as to how, in the interests of economic intelligence, to limit its exercise of its taxing power so as not to discourage business. That is a State’s decision. We hear a lot of rhetoric about States’ rights and sovereignty and yielding power to the States on the floor, but here is an example going much farther than anything else I have seen, frankly, of the Federal Government stepping in and saying to a State: You may not exercise your taxing power within your State when it has nothing to do with another State. If someone comes into the State and earns $50 million in 10 days or 3 weeks or 4
1⁄2weeks, why shouldn’t that State be able to tax it if it wishes to? By what right does Congress tell it that it can’t? By what right does Congress tell New York: You must forgo $100 to $125 million in revenue? Even the efficiency argument doesn’t make much sense with today’s computers and computer ability. So I think that this is an invasion of States’ rights. It is an invasion of the core ability of the State to tax within its own borders. It is an invasion of—it is not a theft—it is a deprivation, my own State is about $125 million, which our taxpayers will have to make up, and it is wrong for that reason. Now, I understand why ALEC might support this bill. ALEC wants government to do nothing, wants the Federal Government not to tax, the State governments not to tax, and have as little power as possible. That is a view, but it is not a view that justifies the Federal Government telling a State and telling the States’ voters that, whether they like it or not, they shouldn’t tax economic activity within that State, they should come up with the money some other way or they should have less State services. That is for the States’ taxpayers, the States’ voters to decide. This bill is an imposition on the States. It is an imposition on the people of the States. It is wrong. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 91⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I came to the United States Congress, I served as general counsel and chief legal officer for a small business. One of my primary functions was to ensure compliance on the patchwork of government requirements and issues that presented itself every day. It was a huge burden for our company. It was a huge burden for the employees of our company. This is exactly what we are talking about today. This is the exact kind of compliance that is choking out small business and really, really falling on the shoulders of those who can least afford it. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense solution to a real problem. We live in a global economy. It is something we can’t deny. Our mobile workforce is there, and it is going to continue to grow. We cannot continue to penalize companies and individuals for that fact. We have 180 cosponsors for this that accede the exact basis for what we are trying to accomplish here. These are bipartisan folks—Republicans and Democrats. The same is true with a companion bill in the Senate. There are lots and lots of outside groups that support it, not just specific legislative groups, but businesses that deal with this every day. So I am very proud of this bill. I am grateful to Representative JOHNSON of Georgia for his work on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2315. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECTION OF THE RIGHT OF TRIBES TO STOP THE EXPORT OF CULTURAL AND TRADITIONAL PATRIMONY RESOLUTION Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 122) supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H. Con. Res. 122, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 122, the PROTECT Patrimony Resolution, which expresses support for efforts to stop the theft, illegal sale, and trafficking of Native American tribal cultural items. I commend my colleague from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) for introducing this important resolution. The United States is home to 567 federally recognized tribes. Tribal cultural items and sacred artifacts of these tribes are central to Native American culture and religion. As we study and learn from these items, it is imperative that we also protect them from theft and commercialization for personal gain. The extent and nature of this illegal activity is largely understudied. While the exact numbers have yet to be determined, the Bureau of Indian Affairs reports in its most recent statistics that more than 8,000 objects of cultural patrimony have been repatriated since 1990. It remains unclear, however, how many items have been stolen or illegally sold. We must obtain more comprehensive data to better understand the nature of this issue. For that reason, I joined Congressman PEARCE and Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman SENSEN BRENNER in requesting a study by the Government Accountability Office to determine how the Federal Government can help prevent the illegal excavation and removal of cultural items from Federal and tribal land, the status of Federal agency efforts to repatriate Native American cultural items, and information about the international market for trafficking these cultural items. Several auctions around the world have been criticized for routinely selling Native American goods. Earlier this year, the planned sale of an Acoma shield used in religious ceremonies was halted after the Federal Government and the Acoma Tribe advocated for its repatriation, claiming that there was reason to believe that this object was stolen. H. Con. Res. 122 condemns the theft, illegal possession, or sale and export of tribal cultural items; supports the development of explicit restrictions on the export of tribal cultural items; calls upon the secretaries of various Federal agencies and the Attorney General to take affirmative steps to secure the repatriation of these items to their respective tribes, and encourages cooperation between governmental and tribal entities in these efforts. b1930 Protection of tribal cultural items is critical to maintaining our Nation’s cultural heritage. I look forward to obtaining more information through the GAO’s research, and I urge passage of the resolution sponsored by my colleague, Congressman PEARCE . I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 122, the Protection of the Right of Tribes to stop the Export of Cultural and Traditional Patrimony Resolution, or the PROTECT Patrimony Resolution. I commend Mr. PEARCE and his Democratic cosponsor, Ms. MCCOLLUM , for their leadership on this issue. This important resolution condemns the theft, illegal possession, sale, transfer, and export for tribal cultural items belonging to American Indians, Alaska Natives, and American Hawaiians in the United States and internationally. For those of us who have visited reservations, such as those in the State of Texas and Pueblos in New Mexico, we are well aware of the long, long history of Native Americans throughout the United States. For far too long, Native Americans have struggled to protect their sacred and cultural artifacts— such as ancestral remains, funerary objects, and sacred items—from thieves who steal these precious objects, all in the pursuit of profits; and I hope it will now stop. These irreplaceable objects are vital to the survival of tribal culture and to the maintenance of tribal ways of life. Yet, time and again, they are stolen by thieves who come in the dark of the night with axes, shovels, and even power tools to remove them from historical sites, which are often destroyed in the process. In turn, these tribal cultural items are illegally sold domestically and internationally through black and public markets in violation of Federal and tribal laws that protect tribal cultural property rights. The loss of these artifacts harms not only Native Americans but all Americans. It robs our Nation of an incredibly important opportunity to learn from and respect these rich and vibrant cultures. In recognition of these concerns, H. Con. Res. 122 calls upon various Federal agencies to consult with Native American tribes and their religious leaders in order to better understand the problem and, thereby, stop these illegal practices and repatriate stolen tribal cultural items to their rightful owners. This resolution also asks the Government Accountability Office to study the scope of illegal trafficking in these artifacts, both domestically and internationally, which will help identify ways to end illegal trafficking. Further, the resolution expresses support for the development of explicit restrictions on the export of tribal cultural items. Specifically, it encourages cooperation among State and local governments, as well as groups and organizations, in an effort to deter the theft, illegal possession, sale, and export of these items. Accordingly, I support H. Con. Res. 122. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), the sponsor of the resolution. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. BISHOP for yielding the time. I appreciate the comments from my colleague, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), on this significant bill and resolution that we are talking about tonight. I grew up in the corner of New Mexico that does not have Indian tribes in it, so when I was elected to Congress in 2003, I began service, started traveling into some of the Indian reservations, and slowly began to develop relationships and friendships with those tribes. In 2013, one of my friends from Laguna Pueblo called and said: we have one of our culturally significant items that is going on sale in Paris and in France. 
And he said: we are going to try to buy it, but we are not sure that we can bring it home. They ended up purchasing that item at the auction. And, sure enough, France would not allow them to take it out of the country, so we negotiated between our State Department and the French State Department. Finally, they were allowed to bring that item out. They bought a firstclass ticket for it. It was so significant that they did not want to let it travel as cargo in the hold of the airplane, instead, buying that firstclass ticket to where it would sit there in the compartment with them. Now, that is not a culture that I was familiar with until I began to form friendships among the Native Americans, but it is a story I hear repeated. The same young man who purchased the item was going to buy the second item in that same sale and was dropped off the Internet down on the Indian reservation and did not purchase it. It is in his explanation of the missing of that second article. He said that he and his wife had lost a child in childbirth. And he said the feeling of missing that item was exactly the same as losing the child in childbirth. Now, that is not something I necessarily can identify with, but I certainly identify with the emotions that say there are things that are so significant they should not be trafficked in. We continued our kind of unofficial visits with the auction house at that point, and they began to say: look, many of the collectors would simply give the items back. They just don’t want to be charged for things. These were sold usually in some sort of legal process. And so we had discussions, but nothing ever came of it. Then again, at that same point, the Hopi Tribe in Arizona had articles for sale. One of them cost $130,000. They had to buy them back. Again, the French Government would not help them at all. They took it to court and were simply turned down. This year, Acoma came and said: look, we have got a couple of items that are in France, they are going on auction. We contacted the French Government, and they were simply resistant. So we decided, with the help of the Acoma Tribe, with my friend, Mr. COLE, and Ms. M CCOLLUM , who has been a champion for Native American rights—we all formed the idea of this bill and submitted it. The day we submitted the bill, the French pulled the item. It was this time a shield from Acoma. They pulled it out of the auction. Negotiations are still going on to bring that item back. But the idea that we as a government, we as the U.S. Government, should be studying these things that are around the world being sold internationally, maybe have enough significance that we would want them to be repatriated, we would want them to come back to where people would know about their heritage. Now, as I began to be familiar with the Indian culture, the U.S. Government was not always gracious in dealing with those Native American tribes. And so the least that we can do is help them reestablish that culture that lets them tell the children who are coming up about who they were, where they came from, and the things that are significant to them. When I visit the tribes, occasionally they will bring out canes that were given to them to indicate their sovereignty. Those were given by Abraham Lincoln. Now, it sends goose bumps up and down my spine when I am standing on a tribal ground and they carefully bring out these canes that came from Abraham Lincoln to just signify their importance to the country. That is the value that their culture places on these items, and those items are passed around from one family to another to be in charge of the caretaking for it. So this resolution today simply says that we want to study it, we want to figure out what we can do better, and let’s do better. Again, I thank my Democrat cosponsors. It is a very good bipartisan bill. It is a bicameral piece of legislation. I thank Chairman GOODLATTE and subcommittee Chairman SENSENBRENNER  and the entire Judiciary Committee staff for the work on it. I urge the passage of H. Con. Res. 122. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, let me thank my good friend, Mr. PEARCE , and his cosponsors, Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. C OLE, for their leadership. In closing, tribal cultural objects play a crucial role in ensuring that Native Americans and generations to come retain the opportunity to learn about their rich heritage. They help to connect tribal members to their history, traditions, and personal identity. The story Mr. PEARCE told was a moving one and evidences how important this legislation is. The theft of these objects is a direct assault against the vitality of Native American cultures. When they are stolen or destroyed, a piece of that culture is irretrievably gone not only for Native Americans but for all Americans and all others to understand that culture. Our Nation has a responsibility to do everything in its power to protect and return these priceless artifacts. H. Con. Res. 122 recognizes the importance of this responsibility. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to support this resolution. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 122, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
STRENGTHENING THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY SECURE MAIL INITIATIVE ACT Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4712) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a document is sent under that initiative may require that the United States Postal Service obtain a signature from that person in order to deliver the document, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4712 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening the Department of Homeland Security Secure Mail Initiative Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 4712, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4712, the Strengthening the Department of Homeland Security Secure Mail Initiative Act of 2016. The bill is short, but it will have a great impact in the lives of many aliens seeking to play by the rules and legally live and work in the United States. H.R. 4712 directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to allow immigration benefits recipients to elect to pay a fee and have their immigration documents sent to them via U.S. mail, signature required. Currently, immigration documents are delivered via priority mail through the U.S. Postal Service. And while delivery can be monitored through use of a tracking number, there are numerous incidents of individuals not, in fact, receiving the documents that the U.S. Postal Service notes as delivered. One obvious concern in such a case is that the document was intercepted by an unscrupulous individual who will fraudulently use it. Another concern is the cost and time it takes for the individual to reapply for the document, which, at this point, is the only recourse if a document has gone missing. The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ombudsman discussed this problem in its FY16 report, noting that delays in receipt of immigration documents can adversely affect the ability of aliens to work or prove lawful immigration status. H.R. 4712 imposes no cost to the United States taxpayer, since if an alien elects for their document to be delivered via signature required, the immigrant must first pay a fee set by USCIS that covers the cost of such delivery, as well as any administrative costs for the agency. H.R. 4712 is a needed antifraud and good government measure. I urge my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to support H.R. 4712, a narrow and commonsense measure that requires U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to provide an option for green cards and employment authorization documents to be delivered via U.S. mail with a signature confirmation. I congratulate and thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ) for offering this important legislation. b1945 Each year, the USCIS sends millions of secure documents to applicants through the U.S. Postal Service, including green cards, employment authorization documents, and travel documents. Currently, the delivery status of these documents is monitored solely through tracking numbers. While we know when a document is delivered to the address on file, we have no way of knowing if the immigration applicant actually received the document; and if we don’t know if the secure documents reach the intended recipient, we also don’t know if they have fallen into the wrong—possibly criminal—hands. Although specific data is not available, conservative estimates indicate that, every year, thousands of documents— perhaps tens of thousands—are lost in the mail or, worse yet, are stolen. According to USCIS policy, if the U.S. Postal Service does not return a document or a notice and if there has been no change of address, the USCIS will consider the document as having been properly delivered, and the applicant must refile and again pay the filing fee in order to obtain a replacement document. For green cards, the fee is $450 even if the failure to receive the document was no fault of the individual’s. This is not only unfair to the immigration applicant, but a lost or a stolen document also raises national security, identity theft, and other fraud concerns. Today’s bill makes just one simple but important change in that it requires the USCIS to allow immigration applicants to elect to pay a fee and have their documents mailed with an added level of security by requiring a signature from the person who accepts delivery. The cost will be borne by the applicant; so immigrants can be assured that the document won’t be delivered without there being a signature from the recipient. I urge the USCIS to consider other options to address these basic mailing issues, such as holding documents at USCIS facilities for direct pickup by the applicant. But, for today, I am pleased that we have agreement on this bill, which will help ameliorate document mailing and receipt problems and will strengthen the security and reliability of the immigration document delivery. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ), the author of the legislation. Ms. SPEIER. I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for giving me the opportunity to speak about this bill. Mr. Speaker, every once in a while, we get complaints, questions from constituents, and we actually can try and fix them. This is one of those situations. For the longest time, I was getting complaints from residents in my district who had not received their immigration documentation. For the most part, I was not able to tell them that we could do anything, because we would call the Postal Service, and they would say there was really nothing we could do for them. I realized this was a serious problem. There are some 50,000 green cards every year that go temporarily displaced or permanently displaced due to loss in delivery. That is about 5 percent of all green cards. With 50,000 green cards over 435 districts, you can see that we are talking about 10, 15, 20 complaints that we get every year. In my case, frankly, we stopped even logging them in because there was nothing that we could do about them. This idea came to be, and I thought why not try it. I am really very grateful that we are taking it up today. My most recent constituent with this problem is from San Francisco. He has gone through the lawful process of getting his green card, only to have it lost. It has been over a year that he has been waiting for this document now. That means he can’t travel, that he can’t change jobs, that he can’t get financial aid for college, that he can’t open a retirement account, that he can’t buy a house or anything else that most of us take for granted. This case shows that, when these documents are not properly delivered, the only solution is to reapply and pay another $425. It is a small fix, but it carries a big wallop. That is why I am so grateful that we are taking it up. The other issue is one of identity theft. You can also see how it could be used in a way that could create a national security risk. A stolen card could be used to travel or to purchase a firearm. We could easily fix this problem, as my colleagues have noted, by giving the applicant the option of paying an additional $3 to require a signature at the time it is delivered. I thank the committee, and especially my colleague Representative WOODALL from Georgia, for joining me in this effort. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ). Mr. WOODALL. I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding me the time, and I appreciate the leadership of the gentlewoman from California. Mr. Speaker, I stuck around tonight because we are doing two of my favorite things in this institution. We are taking ideas that came from constituents with problems who trusted us enough to bring us those problems. We are putting those things into action, and we are doing it not with a lot of shouting and not with a lot of pomp and circumstance. We are doing it just the way the process was supposed to work by which the gentlewoman from California crafts an idea, and she goes out and she solicits cosponsors, and the team on the Judiciary Committee works it through the process. Then it comes down here to the House floor, Mr. Speaker, where it is going to make real differences for real people. Imagine you have done everything the right way—you have stood in line; you have played by the rules. You have done everything the way citizen and 
American law has asked you to do it. Finally, your green card is ready to be delivered, and you are waiting at the post office for it to come—right there by the mailbox, waiting for it to come. You check online. Online, it says it was delivered yesterday, but you don’t have it. You call your Congressman for help, and your Congressman says, ‘‘There is nothing we can do,’’ and there hasn’t been until this Speier legislation today. For the first time, we give constituents who have played by the rules an opportunity to pay, at their expense, in order to guarantee that this document that will allow them to work, that will allow them to feed their families, that will allow them to pursue that American Dream is going to end up in their hands. Golly, it sounds small when you read the legislation, but if you are that family, Mr. Speaker, there is nothing bigger in your life. I am grateful for the partnership of all of my colleagues who made this possible tonight. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, let me again congratulate Congresswoman SPEIER and Congressman WOODALL . I am equally grateful when we have the opportunity to work together. I see this as an opportunity on many, many issues. For example, this legislation, albeit simple in context, has a broad influence and impact. It means that anyone who is intending to do harm by either having stolen mail or by having taken a document that does not belong to them now can be thwarted. In this climate in which we must be particularly sensitive in protecting the Nation against terrorism, domestic terrorism, people misusing documents, or identity theft, this is a very important contribution to thwarting that effort. As has been indicated, it gives individuals who work very hard and who desire the American Dream the opportunity to be documented. I think it fits very well in what I hope will be an ongoing commitment to improving the immigration system to the extent of passing comprehensive immigration reform, because it does recognize that there are people who are desiring to do good who come to this country. For that reason, I ask my colleagues to support this important contribution to those who work hard, who choose to support the values of this Nation, and who work hard as new immigrants and as potential citizens of this Nation. I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 4712. I also thank the Judiciary Committee for its work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4712, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
IMPROVING SMALL BUSINESS CYBER SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5064) to amend the Small Business Act to allow small business development centers to assist and advise small business concerns on relevant cyber security matters, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5064 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act of 2016’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is an honor to serve as chairman of the House Small Business Committee. It affords me the special opportunity of hearing directly from the very men and women who help drive our economy— America’s smallbusiness owners. At a hearing several months ago, a small business owner shared his personal experience with a serious cyber attack. He said: I logged into our bank accounts, and to my utter horror, I found that my balance was zero. This was a payday, and I was terrified that the paychecks that were issued that day would not clear. We were supporting a number of families, many of which live paycheck to paycheck and could not have made it without the paycheck we issued that day. I was also very worried about our business’ reputation since a restaurant nearby had just bounced their paychecks, and the company never recovered from the bad publicity they received from not making their payroll. 
Stories like this show the realworld consequences of cyber attacks. Small businesses are at serious risk from a growing number of cyber threats. There is no doubt that the information technology revolution has provided small businesses with new tools and opportunities to compete in the global economy. However, technology changes mean hackers are coming up with more and more sophisticated methods to go after intellectual property, bank accounts, Social Security numbers, and anything else that can be used for financial gain or for a competitive edge. In 2015, the average amount stolen from small business bank accounts after a cyber attack was over $32,000; and according to a recent report by Verizon Enterprise Solutions, a shocking 71 percent of cyber attacks occurred in businesses with fewer than 100 employees. It is absolutely critical to both the economic and national security of this country that our small businesses have all of the necessary cyber tools to protect themselves from cyber attacks. Small businesses lack the resources to combat cyber attacks. The Federal Government needs to step up its game when it comes to protecting the cybersecurity of small businesses and individuals. That is why I support H.R. 5064, the Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act of 2016. This legislation will help small businesses that face cyber threats by providing access to additional tools, resources, and expertise through existing Federal cyber resources by allowing the Department of Homeland Security and other Federal agencies to provide assistance to small businesses through the Small Business Administration’s nonFederal partners, the Small Business Development Centers, or SBDCs. This increased coordination will lead to greater cyber support for small businesses. I commend Mr. HANNA for his hard work on this legislation. He has done a great job as chairman of his subcommittee. Unfortunately, he announced his retirement, and he will be leaving us after this term. He has really done a tremendous amount of work for small businesses all over the country because he, himself, has been a successful smallbusiness person; so he knows what the challenges are, and he has tried to put them to work in his years here in the House in helping small businesses all across the country. After all, 70 percent of the new jobs that are created in the American economy are created by small businesses, so they are absolutely critical. Again, I commend Mr. HANNA for his hard work on behalf of these folks. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5064. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b2000 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5064, the Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act of 2016. Technology has changed the way we all live, but none more so than for small businesses. It has afforded America’s small employers a unique opportunity to sell their products not just nationally, but globally. Despite new occasions for economic growth, technology has also introduced profound risks. We hear too often of data breaches and cyber espionage. Yet, we never really think this could happen to us until it does. All it takes is one incident to have devastating impacts to small businesses. In fact, 60 percent of small entities go out of business after 6 months of being hacked. Clearly, cybersecurity should be a priority to protect our national security and economy. Failure to do so leaves us all at risk. Whether a business is adopting cloud computing or simply maintaining a Web site, cybersecurity should be part of their plan. However, only 31 percent of small firms take active measures to guard against such attacks, making them the ideal target for cybercriminals. A lack of awareness and the high cost to install security mechanisms leaves many smallbusiness owners exposed. Those that are aware of the threat, like government contractors, must navigate demanding IT specifications and complex regulations in order to stay competitive and win Federal contracts. To help facilitate the preventive measures within the private sector, H.R. 5064, the Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act, will leverage the Small Business Administration’s vast network of Small Business Development Centers. With 63 lead centers and 900 outreach locations, SBDCs have the capacity to reach small businesses throughout the country. They also have a proven record of assisting entrepreneurs with extensive courses in management and technical assistance. In the last fiscal year, SBDCs trained over 260,000 clients and advised almost 190,000 clients. This bill will utilize these existing resource partners by allowing the centers to assist small firms in developing and enhancing their cybersecurity infrastructure and employee training programs. The bill also calls for an SBDC cyber strategy to be designed to further support small employers to 
protect themselves, their employees, and their customers. This legislation ensures that our national efforts combating cyber attacks can be utilized by our Nation’s more vulnerable businesses. We cannot continue to accept the bare minimum as our Nation seeks to end continued data breaches. Therefore, I ask my fellow Members to support this bill. Let me just take this opportunity, also, to commend the gentleman from New York (Mr. HANNA ) for the great work that he has done on this issue. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. HANNA ). Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman CHABOT , Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ranking Member THOMPSON for the support of their committees on this bill. This bill was a collaborative endeavor and all of their staffs worked hard and long to help ensure this bill made it to the floor today. I also want to thank the bill’s lead sponsor, Representative KILMER , for working with us on this bipartisan legislation. America’s small businesses are a critical part of our Nation’s economy. There are 28 million small businesses, and in recent years they have increasingly become the victims of cyber attacks. By one estimate, nearly 70 percent of all cyber attacks are now being directed at our Nation’s small businesses. The reason for this is clear. Small businesses too often lack the resources or the experience required to make prudent investments in cybersecurity. The Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act addresses this issue by empowering the more than 900 Small Business Development Centers across our country to provide cyber support to these small businesses. This support would be offered in accordance with a small business cybersecurity strategy, which would be developed jointly by the Department of Homeland Security and the Small Business Administration. Cyber attacks can decimate small businesses, potentially costing them tens of thousands of dollars to recover lost data and secure networks. It is clear to all of us that the upfront cost to invest in stateoftheart technologies are prohibitive for many businesses. This bill represents an opportunity to help small businesses bridge the knowledge gap in cyberspace by empowering the Small Business Development Centers to provide uptodate relevant and costeffective cyber support to service them. This bill also makes good financial sense. By relying on already existing programs and infrastructure, it improves the Federal resources we already have to ensure that they better work for America’s small businesses and at no additional cost. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. Again, I would like to thank Chairman CHABOT for his support. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), a member of the Small Business Committee. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, we talk a lot about cybersecurity in the context of national defense, and rightfully so. As a Nation, we ought to take steps now to ensure our security into the 21st century. But this is an issue that affects so many people. One that often gets overlooked is the small business community. As small businesses increasingly rely on Webbased products and services, they offer themselves more and more attacks from cybercriminals. Increases in technology have resulted in more sophisticated methods of cyber attacks, including hacking, malicious software, physical error, and lost or stolen devices. Even a simple cyber attack can effectively destroy a small business. In fact, 81 percent of small businesses are concerned about a cyber attack, but only 63 percent have a cybersecurity measure in place. Many businesses do not feel that they have the adequate legal protections to share cyber threat indicators with the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, the NCCIC. It is clear to me that the public and private sector must work together to protect our small businesses. The Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act of 2016 eases the burden on small businesses facing cyber threats by providing access to additional tools, resources, and expertise through existing Federal cyber resources. I am proud to cosponsor this legislation, and it will lead to increased security for our small businesses, which will lead to greater growth and opportunities for them. I urge this Chamber to support this important measure. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ), who is the chairman of Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, which handles cybersecurity and a number of other very important issues. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5064, the Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act of 2016. I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. HANNA ) for leading the charge on this very important piece of legislation. I also thank Chairman CHABOT for his leadership on the Small Business Committee and Chairman MCCAULfor his leadership on the Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. Speaker, American small businesses are on the frontlines in the battle against cybercriminals, but right now many of them lack the resources to combat this growing and sophisticated threat. America’s 28 million small businesses constitute 54 percent of our annual sales here in the United States and, because of that, they are under cyber attack like never before. The frequency and high costs of such attacks on small businesses is causing ripple effects throughout our economy right now. H.R. 5064 amends the Homeland Security Act to ensure that Small Business Development Centers can leverage existing cybersecurity programs at the Department of Homeland Security. Additionally, this bill requires the Department of Homeland Security and the Small Business Administration to jointly develop a cyber strategy for small businesses so that they can better utilize cyber programs from DHS and from the Federal Government. H.R. 5064 also requires a review by the Government Accountability Office of current cybersecurity programs offered by the Federal Government to small businesses. Mr. Speaker, Small Business Development Centers have been on the ground helping small businesses in this country for more than 30 years. They have a presence in virtually every community in this country. This bill provides them with tools, resources, and the expert guidance that they need to tap into the already existing cyber resources in order to better meet the 21st century needs of small businesses in this country. Small businesses, Mr. Speaker, are the life blood of the American economy, so we need to ensure that resources are available to all of them to combat these cyber threats. This bill works to achieve that goal. I, therefore, ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5064. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Our committee hears from small businesses too often about the cost and complexities associated with cybersecurity. With businesses having to be familiar with small business data regulations, everchanging cyber threats, and the cost to install and maintain a cybersecurity system, many smallbusiness owners wonder when they will have time to actually operate their business. The changes made by H.R. 5064 will unify our efforts and create a streamlined process for small employers seeking to install cyber safeguards. Utilizing the existing national network of SBDCs—many of which small businesses already seek assistance from—as a source for cyber education and awareness provides a critical tool for American entrepreneurs. I, once again, urge my colleagues to support this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, I would, first of all, like to thank my colleague, Ranking Member VELA´ZQUEZ , for, once again, working in a bipartisan and cooperative effort. That is one thing on the Small Business Committee we always try to do, and we have a very good working relationship. I want to thank the gentlewoman for continuing that on this bill and bills in the past and, hopefully, bills in the future as well. Relative to cybersecurity attacks, we have seen the United States under a legion of attacks in recent years. They happen virtually every day. The Federal Government itself has been hit a number of times. The Office of Personnel Management had 20plusmillion personal individuals who had their files hacked in the government. We have seen the Postal Service, we have seen the State Department, and we have even seen the White House hacked. So it is a big problem. Now, this happens to large corporations. We have had some of the largest corporations who have really taken it on the chin, and literally it cost them millions of dollars. Corporations like Target and you name it, they have really been hit. They generally have the resources that they can recover from this. As detrimental as it is to their business, they survive. When this happens to small businesses, it may virtually be the death knell for them. You may have families who no longer have their source of support because the business just can’t take a hit like this. In my opening statement, I mentioned the person who knew the restaurant down the street that it happened to them. The businessowner wanted to pay his employees, and he couldn’t pay them because his balance was zero. So this is a serious threat. The small business community needs help. This is a step in the right direction. Representative HANNA , whom we have all praised, really does deserve the praise because he took this and worked very hard to get this bill to the point where we are here tonight. Hopefully we are going to pass the bill. So I think this is a great piece of legislation. H.R. 5064 would offer much needed cybersecurity support to America’s small businesses. It would also better coordinate the Federal Government’s overall strategy in helping small businesses to thwart cyber attacks. I would urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. b2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POLIQUIN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5064, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
NICARAGUAN INVESTMENT CONDITIONALITY ACT (NICA) OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5708) to oppose loans at international financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5708 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act (NICA) of 2016’’. 
The Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development should prioritize foreign assistance to the people of Nicaragua to assist civil society in democracy and governance programs, including human rights documentation. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the bill at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act (NICA) of 2016’’. 
The Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development should prioritize foreign assistance to the people of Nicaragua to assist civil society in democracy and governance programs, including human rights documentation. 
Mr. ROYCE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to oppose loans at international financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua, other than to address basic human needs or promote democracy, unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STABILITY AND DEMOCRACY FOR UKRAINE ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5094) to contain, reverse, and deter Russian aggression in Ukraine, to assist Ukraine’s democratic transition, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5094 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Support for the Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–95; 22 U.S.C. 8901 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
The Support for the Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–95; 22 U.S.C. 8901 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 11 (as added by section 201 of this Act) the following new section: 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall cease to be effective beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the people of Ukraine have struggled against great odds to defend their freedom and ensure their national existence. It is a tortured history. One of the Members who is on the floor today, ELIOT ENGEL , who was in Ukraine with me, his family, grandparents, all four of them came from Ukraine. Together we saw some of the evidence of that history in a gorge in Ukraine where so many Jewish Ukrainians were slaughtered. It is a reminder. The Holocaust and the other deprivations, the famine that Ukrainians lived through, are a reminder of the perils to the people in that country. For several years, Vladimir Putin has employed all of the tools at his command to dominate that country, and that includes arming separatists in the east where almost 10,000 people have lost their lives in the fighting. It includes annexing Crimea, and the latest effort to legitimize his aggression was to include Crimea in Russia’s parliamentary elections held last Sunday. These were a sham, and the delegates represent no one but the rulers in Moscow. The administration cannot allow Putin to believe that U.S. opposition to his aggression is weakening. Instead, the U.S. and its allies and partners in Europe must step up their pressure against Moscow, including providing the lethal assistance needed to stop Russian tanks, that the Ukrainians have repeatedly asked for. Their primary concern is to be able to check that armor in the east. This legislation strengthens the sanctions imposed on Russia as well. It is a clear demonstration that the U.S. remains committed to supporting the Ukrainian peoples’ unyielding defense of their freedom and their national existence. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, September 15, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE , I am writing with respect to H.R. 5094, the ‘‘Stability and Democracy for Ukraine Act,’’ on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. In order to allow H.R. 5094 to move expeditiously to the House floor, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing formal consideration of H.R. 5094, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC., September 15, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further 
consideration of H.R. 5094, the STAND for Ukraine Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5094 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, September 16, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing concerning H.R. 5094, the ‘‘STAND for Ukraine Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5094 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the legislation. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 15, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5094, the STAND for Ukraine Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5094 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 16, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H.R. 5094, the ‘‘STAND for Ukraine Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary among others. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 5094 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5094 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5094 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee report and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5094. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 15, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5094, the STAND for Ukraine Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on RR. 5094 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. Let me, first of all, thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for helping advance this bill. I introduced this bill in April along with the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ). I am proud to say we now have 36 additional cosponsors, both Democrats and Republicans. Mr. Speaker, we shouldn’t kid ourselves about the intentions of Russia’s President, Vladimir Putin. Inside his own borders, he has stripped away the rights of Russia’s citizens. He has silenced a free and open press. He has stolen countless billions and spread the wealth around to his cronies. And in the wake of a sham election that boosted his party’s majority, it is being reported that he wants to breathe new life into the KGB. His record abroad is more of the same. He has trampled his neighbors’ sovereignty, worked to undermine NATO and Western unity, and posed a real threat to America’s work and the work of our friends over the past seven decades to build a Europe that is whole, free, and at peace. Perhaps most egregious is Russia’s ongoing illegal occupation of Crimea and parts of eastern Ukraine. Russia recently renewed its attack on Ukraine’s sovereignty by holding parliamentary elections for the duma in Crimea. It is just outrageous, as the chairman mentioned. The United States will never recognize these claims, just as we never recognized Soviet control of the Baltic States during the 50year occupation there. My legislation underscores America’s support for Ukraine’s right to defend itself, and it keeps pressure on Russia so long as Russia’s criminal behavior in Ukraine continues. This bill says that if Russia wants to see sanctions relief, it must abide by its Minsk Agreement obligations, namely, if Ukraine controls the entirety of its eastern border. It makes Crimearelated sanctions permanent so long as the Russian occupation there continues. It tightens sanctions enforcement with the new antievasion framework, and it requires reporting on banks illegally controlling Ukrainian assets, particularly Russian banks in Crimea. This bill also takes steps to make it harder for Russia to buy defense equipment or services from our NATO allies. It goes after human rights abusers in Russianoccupied areas, and it calls for a comprehensive strategy from our own government to push back against Russian propaganda. The people of Ukraine need to know the United States stands with them. This Government of Ukraine is the most proWestern government they have ever had. We need to help them. Vladimir Putin needs to know that his reckless ambition won’t go unanswered. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) had to leave, but he submitted testimony. He strongly supports this bill and everything that the chairman and I are saying this evening. I ask that all Members support this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. I just want to come to applaud both the chairman and the ranking member for their work on this important measure. I think this bill is incredibly important because, in the simplest of forms, conflicting signals never work with regard to foreign policy. Some people have said that the Korean war was, in many cases, in large measure created based on a void as to uncertainty as to what the American Government would or wouldn’t do in the event that North Korea was attacked by South Korea. I think you can look at a long host of different examples that point to the simple fact that conflicting signals are never a good signal when it comes to foreign policy. I just want to thank the gentlemen for their resolution and to stress its importance. I think if we learned anything in the days leading up to World War II, with the actions of Neville Chamberlain, it is that appeasement doesn’t work and that unchecked aggression always creates problems. I think this is about sending a clear message to the Russians, but it ultimately sends a message to more than just the Russians. This is, as well, about a message to the Chinese in the South China Sea or other parts around the globe. In that regard, I think that this bill is ultimately about things that are ultimately much bigger than Ukraine and Russia. Let me give you two examples. One, this is about reminding our allies and even ourselves that, for sovereignty to mean anything, a border has to mean something. That means a border can’t be porous. It means that a border can’t be regulated and controlled by whoever your biggest and strongest neighbor is in the region. I would say, secondly, that this is about what it means to be an American ally. I think that the Budapest Memorandum was unequivocally clear that, if you give up nuclear arms, we will do certain things in terms of your security. So the question that we now have to ask as Americans, and I think what this bill ultimately does so forcefully is to say: What does that mean and what are we going to do about it? Indeed, that is the question. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Let me say before I close that Mr. SANFORD was absolutely right in what he just said. The fact is that Ukraine, which was part of the Soviet Union, gave up its nuclear weapons when the Soviet Union collapsed. As a result, they were given assurances that they would not have aggression perpetrated against them; and, of course, like other promises made by Mr. Putin, that fell by the wayside. I agree with the gentleman from South Carolina. I think he is absolutely right on the money. I thank him for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, we have no shortage of crises smoldering around the world, but we cannot take our eye off what is happening in Ukraine and the threat that Russia poses. NATO is being tested. Western democracy is being called into question. The progress we have made since the cold war is at risk. Even if the administration is trying to work with Russia on other issues, we need to be cleareyed when Vladimir Putin flouts international law and threatens the security of Europe. This bill would say plainly that no matter what happens in other parts of the world, if Russia continues to illegally occupy parts of Ukraine, Russia will pay a price. I am pleased that the House is acting on my bill. I want to again thank Chairman ROYCE for being a partner with me and helping with this bill. I ask that all Members support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the ranking member. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as an original sponsor of the STAND for Ukraine Act and a CoChair of the Congressional Ukraine Caucus, I rise in support of this important measure. This bill codifies and tightens existing U.S. sanctions on Russia for its violation of Ukraine’s territorial integrity, including its illegal annexation of Crimea. In passing this measure, I join my colleagues in making a strong statement that the United States stands with the people of Ukraine. Earlier this month, we celebrated the 25th anniversary of Ukraine’s independence. It is the Ukraine people’s will for a free, democratic, and sovereign country that is the underlying impetus for change and international support. I believe we have a duty to stand behind democratic nations such as Ukraine against foreign aggression, and it is in our national interest to have an ally who shares our values. The STAND for Ukraine Act takes a meaningful step in helping Ukraine defend against foreign aggression. At the same time, we must continue our work in helping Ukraine develop the rule of law, root out corruption, and bring about economic prosperity. I support the STAND for Ukraine Act, and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the STAND for Ukraine Act. I’d like to thank my good friend and colleague Mr. ENGEL for introducing this legislation, which aims to solidify U.S. support for Ukraine’s territorial integrity, under assault by the Russian government since 2014. Last weekend Russianoccupied Crimea took part in Russia’s parliamentary elections for the first time since Russia took over the peninsula in 2014. In the judgment of OSCE election observers, the elections took place in an environment marked by ‘‘restrictions to fundamental freedoms and political rights, firmly controlled media and a tightening grip on civil society. . . .’’ In timely response, this legislation solidifies the U.S. commitment to the territorial integrity of Ukraine. The administration has applied various sanctions to Russia. In its leading provisions, this bill will give the sanctions created by executive orders the permanence of statutory law—until Ukraine’s sovereignty over Crimea is fully restored. These sanctions relate to blocking property of certain persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine. In addition, the bill provides that no federal agency shall take any action or extend any assistance that recognizes Russian sovereignty over Crimea. Mr. Speaker, the Russian government’s invasion of Ukraine, and particularly its land grab in Crimea—its forcible, illegal attempt to incorporate that peninsula into Russia—violated the core principles of several bilateral and multilateral agreements and treaties, including all ten of the core principles of the Helsinki Final Act. In July I led the U.S. delegation to the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, which met this year in Tbilisi. Russian parliamentarians continually sought to undermine, and even demean and provoke the Ukrainian delegation. Mr. Speaker, our delegation provided strong and constant support for the Ukrainians. In the words of this bill’s policy statement, we used our ‘‘voice, vote, and influence in international fora to encourage others to provide assistance’’ to Ukraine, particularly to restore its sovereignty and territorial integrity. In my own speeches, I focused on the issue of Crimea, and on the sharply declining human rights situation there. Russian ‘‘antiextremism’’ laws have been used to criminalize opposition and stifle free speech. The majority of victims have been Crimean Tatars and ethnic Ukrainians, who have been subject to killings, kidnappings, torture, harassment and intimidation. I urge my House colleagues to support this measure that will ensure the United States’ nonrecognition of Russia’s illegal occupation, solidify and sharpen sanctions against Russia over Crimea, and support the full territorial integrity of Ukraine. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stand in solidarity with my brothers and sisters in Ukraine by urging my colleagues to swiftly pass the STAND for Ukraine Act. Nearly two and a half years ago, Russian President Vladimir Putin undermined Ukrainian sovereignty when the Russians began illegally occupying Crimea. This act emboldened him to double down on bullying his neighbors, testing the resolve of NATO and trying to fracture Western unity. His disrespect for global order knows no bounds. That is why the United States must reiterate to the world that it will not tolerate Russia’s aggression. While some misguided people have said that ‘‘Putin is not going into Crimea,’’ this bill makes it perfectly clear: Russia’s illegal occupation of Crimea will not be tolerated by the United States. We must hold Russia accountable for its disrespect for global order and continued violations of international law. That is why I am a strong supporter and cosponsor of the STAND for Ukraine Act, which tightens sanctions on Russia and rejects any form of recognition of Russian rule over Crimea. Mr. Speaker, I hope this bill will become law quickly so we can make sure that President Putin knows the United States stands with our ally Ukraine. 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5094. Ukraine continues to face significant challenges from Russian meddling and aggression. We in Congress are under no illusions when seeing Vladimir Putin’s true intentions for Ukraine. Vladimir Putin and Russia are tearing Europe apart. Russianbacked separatists continue their shelling of Ukrainian military positions in Donetsk and Donbass, which in some cases has killed civilians. Additionally, Vladimir Putin and Russia are delivering bombs on medical facilities and on children in Syria. Further proof that they are no ally of ours. Rather than continuing to negotiate with Putin, we need to stand up to him. The best way to push back against Russia is to give the Ukrainians what they need to defend their sovereign territory, such as lethal weaponry to counter the Russianbacked ‘‘little green men.’’ This important bill does a number of things to continue to show American support for Ukraine, while also putting additional pressure on Russia for its continued violation of Ukraine’s territorial sovereignty. Most importantly, this bill states that the United States will never recognize Russian sovereignty over Crimea, which it illegally annexed in 2014. This bill would also enhance our sanctions regime on Russia for its ongoing illegal and destabilizing activities against Ukraine. In our history, we have always seen the impact that our nation has on others when we stand up and help them achieve a better tomorrow. It is imperative that we continue to help Ukraine achieve that better future for its citizens. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to work with Congressman ELIOT ENGEL to introduce this critical bill. By reaffirming U.S. support for Ukraine’s selfdefense, emphasizing that we never have nor will recognize Russia’s illegal annexation of Crimea, and by holding Russia accountable for its continued violation of Ukraine’s sovereignty, we will ‘Stand with Ukraine’ legislatively and most effectively. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5094, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT LAB ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3924) to establish in the United States Agency for International Development an entity to be known as the United States Global Development Lab, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3924 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Development Lab Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. b2030 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3924, which authorizes the U.S. Global Development Lab within the U.S. Agency for International Development. Through the Lab, USAID workers, with the private sector, partner up; and they tap into the science and technology needed to source and to test proven, lowcost, highimpact solutions to pressing development challenges around the world. From maternal health to food security, the innovations supported by the Lab are changing the way we think about and the way we deliver foreign aid. This bill provides important authorities to improve the Lab’s efficacy and efficiency, and it approves incentive awards through a competitive pay forperformance process. It enables the Lab to bring in technical experts on a shortterm basis without longterm salary and benefit obligations. When one of these new technologies becomes successful, it allows USAID to keep a portion of its initial investment so the Lab can become financially selfsustaining. Mr. Speaker, this is the approach that will bend the development curve. This is effective foreign aid. I want to thank Representative CASTROand Representative M CCAULfor introducing this very important, bipartisan measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. I want to thank Chairman ED ROYCE for bringing this bill forward. I want to also thank Mr. CASTRO of Texas for his leadership and hard work on this measure, and I thank Mr. MCCAULas well. Mr. Speaker, around the world, 1.2 billion people live in extreme poverty. That means they live on less than $1.25 a day. It is hard to imagine. No one should have to live on so little. At the same time, we know that areas of extreme poverty can be hotbeds for other problems. Poverty leads to broader instability. It creates vulnerabilities that can be exploited by violent extremists, jihadists, or others spreading dangerous ideologies. It holds communities and countries back. So we view alleviating poverty as the right thing to do and also as a strategic concern. That is why USAID established the Development Lab to help develop and deploy poverty reduction technologies more widely and at a lower cost. I want to acknowledge former USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah, who did tremendous work at USAID helping build the Lab into a worldclass center of innovation, working toward new solutions to extreme poverty. The Lab works with NGOs, corporations, and universities to bring in the best ideas and stay on the cutting edge of development. It is also expanding USAID’s impact through a publicprivate dollarfordollar matching program that allows us to scale these innovations up without expanding USAID’s budget. We are seeing real results. In 2014, the Lab invested in 362 new solutions that touch nearly 14 million people around the world. For example, the Lab funded an initiative aimed at producing more food where fresh water is hard to come by. Securing Water for Food: A Grand Challenge for Development led to a system that makes seawater or brackish water usable for drinking or agriculture. It consumes so little energy that the cost to use it is low, even in areas off the power grid. This is what we mean when we talk about innovation. Last May, the Development Lab hosted an international competition to develop technology to fight wildlife trafficking and crimes. I know that Chairman ROYCE has been very interested in this issue. This led to the development of an app called the Wildlife Scan that allows law enforcement to easily identify endangered species being smuggled out of countries. After just a couple of months, the app has already been downloaded more than 1,000 times. And just last month, the Global Lab finished up a Zika challenge initiative, which led to 21 new solutions targeted at combating the spread of the Zika virus and are on track to be tested and deployed. They could be available within months. The bill would build on the Lab’s success by creating new authorities for the Lab to expand and manage its partnerships. It will give the Lab greater flexibility for hiring experts on a projectbyproject basis, and it will allow the Lab to award small, targeted grants that have proven so effective in supporting healthcare providers. I commend Mr. CASTRO for his hard work on this very good bill. It makes a good initiative better, and I am pleased to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), a very valuable member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and the author of this measure. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member ENGEL for yielding me this time and for his support of this legislation. He, Chairman ROYCE , as well as their staff members have been terrific partners in moving this bill forward. I also want to say a big thank you to my fellow Texan, Representative MIKE MCCAUL, for being the lead Republican cosponsor of this legislation, which aims to make our foreign aid efforts more impactful and costefficient. Created in 2014 through the streamlining and merging of two offices, USAID’S Global Development Lab is spearheading a new approach that supports the invention, testing, and utilization of more costefficient solutions to development challenges. The Lab collaborates with entrepreneurs, corporations, NGOs, universities, and science and research institutions to solve some of the world’s most difficult development challenges faster, more cheaply, and more sustainably. Essentially, the Lab democratizes problem solving by crowdsourcing ideas and applications to find the best solutions from around the world. For example, the Lab has used what it calls Grand Challenges for Development to incentivize problem solvers to develop solutions for specific problems. The Saving Lives at Birth Grand Challenge led to the creation of the Pratt Pouch, a small ketchup packet like pouch filled with medication that women can use in rural areas to prevent birthrelated HIV infections. Other Grand Challenges have led to the development of breakthrough products that keep healthcare workers treating Ebola patients safe, desalinate water in an environmentally sustainable manner, and bring electricity to folks living off the electrical grid in Africa. The Lab also partners with outside entities, such as universities, to cultivate solutions to specific development challenges ranging from health and food insecurity to chronic conflict. Participating institutions equally match USAID’s funding and leverage additional resources from private foundations. 
The legislation before us today formally authorizes the U.S. Global Development Lab within USAID and provides new legislative authorities to augment the Lab’s current capabilities, allowing the initiative to achieve greater results and maximize its impact. The bill allows the Lab to use a pay forsuccess model and tap into good ideas, no matter their source; bring in termlimited technical experts in a more costeffective manner; and gain the flexibility to use program income more effectively. In conclusion, Congress can be proud of the work that the Lab is currently doing and will continue to pursue once we authorize it and provide proper oversight. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Mr. CASTRO and Mr. M CCAUL for their innovation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time now to close. Let me just say, in recent years, it has become very clear the way issues like global poverty fit into our broader national and international concerns. We see the links between poverty, health, stability, and security. So when we work to relieve this burden and lift up communities, we are also advancing a wide range of interests. As I like to say, it is the smart thing to do, and it is also the right thing to do. The administration has already taken steps to incorporate poverty alleviation into our development efforts. This bill will help USAID do even more. So, once again, I want to thank Mr. CASTRO for his hard work. I am glad to support this bill. I thank Chairman ROYCE for his help. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3924, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VOTING RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Alabama? There was no objection. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to discuss the importance of voting rights for all Americans across this country. With less than 50 days before Americans go to the polls to elect our next President and other elected officials, we are still faced with the harsh reality that this will be the first election in 50 years where Americans will not have the full protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Today’s Special Order hour is on behalf of the House Democratic Outreach and Engagement Task Force. I want to thank Assistant Leader CLYBURN for his leadership on the task force and all of the members of the task force as we work together to make sure that we engage all Americans on the importance of voting. In fact, one of the first things the task force did was to host a series of voting rights forums across this Nation to put together a report that shows modernday barriers to voting still exist. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was passed not only by legislation but, Mr. Speaker, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was passed with the blood, sweat, and tears of so many Americans. In fact, all of us know of the courageous sacrifices of our very own JOHNLEWIS, but there were so many known and unknown foot soldiers that made it possible for America to live up to its ideals of democracy and justice for all. As a daughter of Selma, Alabama, I am painfully aware that the injustices suffered on the Edmund Pettus Bridge 50 years ago have not been fully vindicated. Although we no longer are required to count how many marbles are in a jar or recite how many counties there are in the State of Alabama, my proposition to you, Mr. Speaker, is that modernday barriers to voting still exist. Those barriers may not be as overt as they were 50 years ago, but, Mr. Speaker, they are no less stained. They are no less important as those other barriers were. I have seen example after example, as the Representative of Alabama’s Seventh Congressional District, of the modernday barriers that exist to voting. Since the Supreme Court struck down critical parts of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 in the Shelby County v. Holder decision, so many Members have taken to the floor—mostly Democrats—day after day, week after week, month after month, year after year, urging our Republican colleagues to work with us to restore the essential protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Several of my Democratic colleagues, including myself, have hosted voting rights forums across this country to highlight the continued need for restoring the Voting Rights Act. Members have also introduced legislation. I, for one, am quite proud of the Voting Rights Advancement Act, a bill that I sponsored, along with several other Members of the House, including Representative LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ and Representative JUDY CHU. Our bill, H.R. 2867, has over 187 cosponsors, Mr. Speaker. b2045 It actually answers the Supreme Court’s challenge to come up with a modernday formula by which to have preclearance provisions in the Voting Rights Act. I think it is so important, Mr. Speaker, and I know that so many will agree, that we make sure that we find these pernicious examples of restraining people’s rights to vote on the front end because, after all, Mr. Speaker, once the elections have happened, you can’t unring that bell. So the beauty of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was that it allowed preemptive efforts to stop discrimination in voting. Therefore, any changes in voting practices in the covered States had to be precleared by the Justice Department or by the D.C. Court of Appeals. This was quite important. I have to tell you that what the Shelby decision did was it struck down that key provision, section 4, which gave the covered States and provided the formula by which we know which States would be covered. Therefore, in the Shelby decision, the Supreme Court really issued a challenge to Congress to come up with a modernday formula. It was the Supreme Court who said that we can’t punish States like Alabama, the State from which I hail, and other southern States, for what happened 50 years ago. Congress must come up with a modernday formula that talks about current efforts to restrict the right to vote. Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what we have done in the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. I want you to know that, of the 187 sponsors we currently have, not one Republican has signed on. Mr. Speaker, this is a sad day in the House of Representatives when voting rights becomes a partisan issue. Voting rights is an American issue. It is neither red nor blue but, rather, it is what our founding fathers fought for, drafted, and ensured that all Americans have a right, a fundamental right, to exercise that right to vote. After all, the integrity of our democracy depends upon every eligible voter being able to vote. Most recently, I was privileged to also join with my colleagues and my fellow House Members, Representative MARKVEASEY of Texas and Representative BOBBY SCOTT of Virginia, and other Members of Congress, to launch the Congressional Voting Rights Caucus. The Caucus is committed to restoring the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to 
its original state and restoring the vote to all suppressed voices in this Nation. I want to commend my fellow colleagues, Representatives VEASEY and SCOTT, for their visionary leadership in starting this Caucus. I am honored to be a cochair of the Congressional Voting Rights Caucus, and we will take as our charge to make sure that we fully restore all of the protections of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. In spite of these continued efforts, Mr. Speaker, it is disheartening to see that State after State, including my own State, after the Shelby decision, instituted photo ID laws, voterrestrictive photo ID laws. So many of my colleagues, they say: Well, what is so restrictive about requiring a photo ID? After all, you need a photo ID in order to get on a plane or to get your passport. But I say to all of my colleagues who question the restrictive nature of photo IDs that not all Americans fly, not all Americans have a passport, but all Americans who are eligible have the fundamental right to vote. And we, the elected Representatives on behalf of these Americans, must not impede that most fundamental right. We should be looking at ways that we can encourage voting not discourage voting. After all, the fundamental foundation of our democracy is the right to vote. So I submit to you, Mr. Speaker, that it is quite important that we, in this House, do what so many of our predecessors have done and restore full protections on the right to vote. I wish I were alive when Lyndon Johnson signed the voting rights into law. But I can tell you that there were no more fundamental seminal pieces of legislation that passed this omniscient House than the right to vote. The Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 are still some of the most seminal pieces of legislation that this body has ever passed. And I say to you, Mr. Speaker: How can we, today, 50 years since the passage—53 years, to be exact—how can we stand on the cusp of electing another President and, for the first time in those 50 years, not have the full protections of the Voting Rights Act? It is, indeed, a sad day. But I know that this body will and should do the people’s work. And the people’s work is to allow all Americans who qualify, who have registered to vote, who turned 18—these Americans have the right to vote. I would love it if this body would pass an automatic voter registration bill. I have signed on to such a bill. But those bills don’t get a hearing in the Judiciary Committee, and I am not sure why, Mr. Speaker, because nothing is more fundamental than to have every American, when they reach that certain age of 18, and they go and get their driver’s license, be automatically registered to vote. We are not talking about protecting one class of voters against another class of voters. We are talking about protecting that fundamental right to vote for all Americans. Nothing seems more American and democratic than that. The sad reality is that old battles have become new again, and so many States have now really taken the Shelby decision and allowed themselves to put up restrictive laws. We are reminded that they are restrictive laws by the judicial system. Most recently, the Fourth Circuit overturned the North Carolina photo ID law, in which they said, point blank, that they were targeting—that that voter ID law targeted and discriminated against African American voters. They said that it did so with precision, Mr. Speaker. There is a fallacy that goes around that says that there is voter fraud rampant in America. Well, I want you to know, Mr. Speaker, that voter fraud does not exist in the volumes by which Americans think they do. A very recent poll by The Washington PostABC came out and said that over 50 percent of Americans believe that there is voter fraud. Well, I will have you know, Mr. Speaker, that study after study, including that by the Brennan Center, have shown that there are very few cases of voter fraud. In fact, their study, between the years of 2000 and 2014, a 14year period, only showed 31 cases of voter impersonation. And I want you to know that many of those were, in fact, errors, errors in folks’ names, when the III or the Junior of a person’s name was confused with the Senior of that same name. Mr. Speaker, the reality is that voter fraud is not rampant, so I am not really sure why States like Alabama have instituted these photo ID laws. My State not only instituted a photo ID law but, last summer, my State, due to ‘‘budgetary reasons,’’ closed down more than 31 DMVs, mostly in areas that were disproportionately African American. So I submit to you, Mr. Speaker, if photo IDs are required, and the most popular form of the photo ID is a driver’s license, how can that very State also close down opportunities, foreclosing opportunities for those citizens of that State to get a photo ID? My State also says that that photo ID is free. Well, I submit to you, Mr. Speaker, that they may say it is free and, in fact, it is free if you can come along on those rare days in which the mobile goes through your city. But I want you to know that many of my constituents, many of whom were born in rural Alabama, many of whom were born over 80 years ago by midwife, those constituents don’t have birth certificates. And those that do, well, in order to acquire a birth certificate, that costs money. You have to still be able to produce a birth certificate in order to get this ‘‘free’’ ID from the State of Alabama. So I submit to you that it is not free. I also submit to you that it is unfair that we put up such barriers. I am humbled every year by the pilgrimage that JOHN LEWIS takes with many of the Members of Congress in this body. Every year, for the past 18 years, he has taken a pilgrimage through my district. He goes back in time and allows those Members who travel with him to actually retrace his footsteps 50plus years ago. We go to Birmingham, we go to Montgomery, and we end up, on that Sunday, reenacting Bloody Sunday, that moment in history, that seminal moment in history, in which he was bludgeoned on Edmund Pettus Bridge for the simple right to vote. And I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, that it does not go unnoticed by me, as I drive across the Edmund Pettus Bridge each time I go home to Selma to visit my parents, the sacrifices that ordinary Americans did in order to achieve what ultimately was an extraordinary feat. When you think of the fact that a young JOHNLEWIS, who was in college at the time, and so many who were out there marching for the right to vote were children, and when you think about the fact that ordinary Americans, collectively working together, achieved this extraordinary feat, it makes you realize how fragile the right to vote really is. I don’t know how any of us can join hands with JOHNLEWIS and walk across the Edmund Pettus Bridge and not understand how important it is to rededicate ourselves to the fight that he once led. We, as elected Representatives of this great Nation, owe it to our own constituents to make sure that every eligible American has the right to vote. I have to tell you that one of the most moving opportunities for me, as a Member of Congress, was in 2015, when I got a chance to be in my hometown and to welcome over 100 Members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats, two Presidents, Barack Obama and George W. Bush, to my hometown. It was to celebrate America’s promise, a promise that became reality through the sacrifice, blood, sweat, and tears of average Americans. We all came on that beautiful day, March 7, 2015. It was glorious, but it was a kumbaya moment in time. We owe more to the sacrifices of those foot soldiers like JOHN LEWIS than a gold medal. Although, I was proud to put forth that bill, and even prouder to be able to bestow the gold medal to those foot soldiers that did march in the SelmatoMontgomery March. It was a great day. But, Mr. Speaker, we came back to this body, to this House of Representatives, and we did absolutely nothing to restore the Voting Rights Act of 1965. There have been several bills that have come forth. There has been the Voting Rights Amendment Act that had bipartisan support, both from Congressman CONYERS and from Congressman S ENSENBRENNER of Wisconsin. That bill didn’t get more than 30 cosponsors. 
Then, of course, there is my bill, the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, which has over 187 sponsors. We have to meet in the middle, Mr. Speaker, because voting rights are so essential. And on this, less than 50 days before we have a Presidential election, it is simply unacceptable that we go without the full protections of the Voting Rights Act. What do I mean by that? What is at stake really by not having those full protections? Well, we witnessed, in the primary in Arizona in Maricopa County—this was a county that was covered by the Voting Rights Act of 1965, but, because of the Shelby decision, there was no more preclearance. And so, this county in Arizona went from a height of 400 polling stations down—that was in 2012— down to 60 polling stations in 2016. There were long lines, Mr. Speaker, in Maricopa County. People had to wait hours for the right to vote. I would venture to guess, had the Shelby decision not occurred, and we had the full protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, that there would be no way that Maricopa County, Arizona, would have been able to change those polling stations and reduce the number of the polling stations to 60 from 400 had there been preclearance. b2100 So what is at stake really is the integrity of our democracy. What is at stake is the fact that we in America should not have to wait hours to vote. We in America should not have to produce documents that we do not have to vote. I think it is ironic that in many of these States you can present a gun permit license with a photo and be able to vote, but you can’t produce a student ID from a State university and vote. I believe that what is at stake right now is the integrity of our democracy, and that all of us should be outraged if even one person is denied the right to vote. This is a very important, very important issue that I, again, submit to you is neither Republican nor Democrat. It is truly bipartisan, and that is the right to vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ), my colleague. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, Congresswoman SEWELL , for organizing this very important Special Order hour today to talk about something that is really timely, especially with elections coming up. I want to be able to stand here today with my colleagues to bring awareness to the injustice—the injustices really— that are oppressing the most vulnerable members of our democracy. I want to start with some history from the 1960s, and then some more recent history. As you know, in 1965, the Voting Rights Act sought to ensure that voters would never again face intimidation or unnecessary obstacles in exercising their right to vote as American citizens. But in 2013, Shelby County v. Holder gutted the 1965 Voting Rights Act and set in motion what many feared: the subjection of minorities, seniors, and lowincome Americans to unfair, punitive barriers that make it hard for them to vote—make it hard for people to exercise their very basic right as an American citizen. As a native of Texas representing the Dallas and Fort Worth area, I have seen firsthand the effects of these suppressive laws that have been put in place in 33 States since the Supreme Court issued in Shelby County v. Holder. Some of the tactics in Texas that were used—and you heard Representative SEWELL talk about it a little bit earlier. If you have a license—a school ID from Texas A&M University or the University of Texas or Prairie View A&M or Texas Southern University, any of our State universities, these are the same IDs that students can use. Let’s say they are on campus and they are doing something they are not supposed to do, they can use those IDs to identify themselves to law enforcement authorities on the campuses there; but if they were to try to come home and use that ID, they would be denied the right to vote. But, again, if you are the owner of a handgun and you have a concealed handgun license, you can use that particular ID to vote. It is almost unfair. You can see how everything is stacked against the everyday voters. With the requirement that a photo ID be used to vote, some individuals without an ID had to travel great distances to get them or struggled to pay for the supporting documents they needed in order to get the ID to vote. You heard Representative SEWELL talk about that a little bit earlier. Let me give you an example of that. In Texas we have 254 counties. Everybody knows that Texas is a big State. Some of those counties don’t even have driver’s license centers or ID centers where people can get their voter ID cards or their driver’s license or their State ID or the other documentation that is needed to be able to vote. So that is why I got involved as the lead plaintiff in Veasey v. Abbott, which was the voter ID case, to overturn the law. Our case has been heard before three—literally three—Federal courts, including what is considered the most conservative appellate court in the entire country, which is the Fifth Circuit. In July 2016, the full Fifth Circuit ruled in favor of Texas voters. That ought to tell you something that the Fifth Circuit was even like, hey, this thing has some real, real problems. That same month, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit struck down North Carolina’s restrictive voting laws, and the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin invalidated portions of their voting law there that was designed to prevent individuals from casting their right to vote. The courts have found what we have always known to be true, and that is that these restrictive voter ID laws intentionally discriminate against minority voters and disenfranchise eligible American voters. These victories are a few of the major victories, but we have also had victories in nonSouthern States. It is mentioned that it is the Southern States where a lot of these issues have historically been a problem, but we know that even outside of the South there have been issues—Ohio, Kansas, and Michigan—and so far the courts continue to rule in the favor of the voter. I hope they will continue to do so in the future. But while we see these victories, we also continue to face challenges. Some of you recently have heard that Judge Ramos in the Texas case, who issued the interim voting rules in the Texas case, had to actually order the attorney general, the Governor, and the secretary of state to stop sending out misleading and confusing election materials to try to confuse people about the voter ID ruling. That worries me a lot because what is that saying is going to happen to this upcoming election in November in 2016? Are we getting a sneak preview of some of the dirty tricks that may take place around the country? The fact that a Federal judge issued these guidelines and State officials tried to send out misleading information from a Federal judge is scary. Those are dirty tricks that we have to watch out for in this November 2016 election. We know that the attorney general, because he said so, is going to appeal this case to the Supreme Court. But until we see an end to barriers to voting and the distribution of misinformation to discourage eligible citizens from casting their ballots, we will not stop fighting. Every day, my colleagues and I, led by the Democratic Outreach and Engagement Task Force and the Congressional Voting Rights Caucus, will continue to fight to have these suppressive laws invalidated. Even in the face of lengthy court battles, we welcome the challenge because it means we have to protect the right to vote. One of the things that I did to continue to shed light on this issue is I actually introduced a resolution last week to designate September as National Voting Rights Month. This year, Americans will cast their ballots in one of the most important general elections that this country has ever seen. The designation of September as National Voting Rights Month will serve to assist in spreading information and awareness about voter registration dates and voting dates, early voting, polling place locations, how to maintain voter rolls, and some of the suppressive tactics that are being used. We want to inform people about that as well because it would be an affront, Representative SEWELL , to our predecessors to allow suppressive tactics to deny Americans the right that many have fought and died for. 
That is why Congress must continue to lead the charge in restoring the right for all Americans to vote by fixing the Voting Rights Act and by encouraging participation in, again, what is our most sacred right as Americans, and that is the right to vote. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative VEASEY for his tireless effort not only as a plaintiff in the Texas case courageously fighting against the injustices against voters, but I want to also thank the gentleman for his leadership on the Congressional Voting Rights Caucus and for his participation in tonight’s Special Order hour. We are all with the gentleman in his efforts to make sure that all Americans have the right to vote. Mr. Speaker, I have said that I introduced a bill called the Voting Rights Advancement Act. I would like to talk a little bit about the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015 in an effort to really encourage the rest of my colleagues here in this august body to join with me in passing the Voting Rights Advancement Act. What the Voting Rights Advancement Act does is it provides a modern day formula, exactly what the Supreme Court asked of Congress. By striking down the old formula in the Shelby decision, the Supreme Court issued a challenge to Congress to come up with a modernday formula. That is exactly what we do in this bill. This bill doesn’t look back to 1940, 1950 or 1960. Oh, no. This bill looks at 1990 going forward. It is a 25year lookback. If a State has had five or more statewide violations, then it will be a covered State. So it is a modernday formula looking at any incidents of discriminatory practices since 1990 going forward. Mr. Speaker, you should not be surprised that even in looking at modern day barriers or instituting this modernday formula that you would still have 13 States that have had five or more statewide violations in the last 26 years. Those States include Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Texas, Louisiana, Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Arizona, California, New York, and Virginia. Yes, Mr. Speaker, it includes Arizona, it includes California and New York, not just Deep South Southern States. In the last 26 years, these States have had five or more statewide violations of voting rights. I have to tell you that this goes to show you that there is a need for us to have continued full protections of the Voting Rights Act. There is no way, Mr. Speaker, that we can only rely on those lawsuits on section 2 which occur after the election has occurred. We need the efforts to be able to stop the discriminatory practices before they have the discriminatory effect. That is exactly what the Voting Rights Act of 1965 does and what the Voting Rights Advancement Act, H.R. 2867, would do. It would put teeth back into the preclearance provision. Now, we call it the Voting Rights Advancement Act because it also talks about discriminatory effects and practices on tribal lands. Back in 1965, we didn’t protect tribal lands and the right to vote of those Americans. It is critically important that we modernize the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and make sure that we cover all Americans, including those who live in tribal lands. The Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015 would allow Federal courts to immediately halt questionable voting practices until a final ruling is made. This provision would recognize that, when voting rights are at stake, prohibiting a discriminatory practice after the election has concluded is too late to truly protect voter rights. This bill would also give the Attorney General authority to request that Federal observers be present anywhere in the country where discriminatory voting practices pose a serious threat. This bill would also increase transparency by requiring reasonable public notice for voting changes. So, Mr. Speaker, if this bill had been in effect during the primary in Arizona, there would be no way that the election officials in Maricopa County, Arizona, would have been able to shrink the size of the number of polling stations—the populations stood the same or grew, and yet they shrunk the number of polling stations from 400 in 2012 to 60 in 2016, in 4 years. There is no way that that would have stood. You cannot tell me that that did not have a discriminatory impact on voters. Those lines being so long, I can’t tell you—we will never know how many people got discouraged, how many working mothers or working family parents had to leave the line in order to go pick up their children or be able to provide for their family. We don’t know how many people didn’t get the chance to vote. To me, Mr. Speaker, that is exactly the integrity of the democracy that is being questioned by not having the full protections of the Voting Rights Act. So I ask my colleagues to join me and the 187 other cosponsors of the Voting Rights Advancement Act and let us put teeth back into the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by coming up and approving, passing, this modernday formula. I believe that a lookback of 1990 going forward is ample evidence of voter discrimination and discriminatory practices and that States that have had five or more statewide violations should be a covered State. b2115 This bill would allow them to be a covered State for 10 years. Now, obviously, during this 10year period, if the State remedies itself, it can no longer be a covered State. There are ample provisions to allow for States to be opted in and opted out. I think that what, ultimately, we all want is that the full integrity of our democratic process be preserved, and that is exactly what would happen with this Voting Rights Advancement Act. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  witness testimony from the voting rights townhall hosted by Representatives JEFFRIES , MENG, and V ELA´ZQUEZ  in New York. 
[From LatinoJustice] TESTIMONY OF JUANCARTAGENA PRESIDENT & GENERAL COUNSEL LATINO JUSTICE PRLDEF 
ONFRAGILE AT 50: T HEURGENT NEED TO STRENGTHEN AND RESTORE THE VOTING  RIGHTS ACT Good morning Congresswoman Vela ´zquez, Congressman Jeffries, and Congresswoman Meng. On behalf of LatinoJustice PRLDEF— formerly known as the Puerto Rican Legal Defense & Education Fund—I respectfully submit this testimony at the forum Fragile at 50: The Urgent Need to Strengthen and Restore the Voting Rights Act. My testimony will center on the historical significance of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act in the three formerly covered counties of Bronx, Kings and New York for both general compliance problems and bilingual assistance problems. 
THE EFFECTS OF A RENEWED VRA TODAY  It is clear that the recent episodes of purging voters in Brooklyn and misdeployment of Spanish language interpreters in the Congressional Democratic primaries in Congressman RANGEL ’s district in Washington Heights would have been ameliorated if not completely avoided had Section Five been in effect after the Shelby County decision. The historical context described above demonstrates that these episodes of potentially discriminatory practices would have been addressed by the power of Section Five. Accordingly, its absence is sorely felt in the City. I end, however, with an example of the power of Section 5 in New York City in 2014 just months after the Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby County v. Holder earlier that year in June. The scene is a press conference in September 2014 on the steps of City Hall after the New York City Council voted to pass the Community Safety Act after then Mayor Bloomberg had vetoed the measure weeks before. Speaker Quinn was not in favor of the bill and noted her reservations. After considerable pressure from the minority members of the Council she allowed the bill to come to a vote. The legislation was intended to address some of the worst features of the notorious Stop & Frisk practices of the New York Police Department that by the end of the Bloomberg administration skyrocketed to over 4 million stops, predominately directed at black and Latino residents of the City with such a level of ineffectiveness that minimally 86% of those stopped were never charged with a crime or violation. The Mayor and Police Commissioner Raymond Kelley insisted on preserving the practice going so far as painting a doomsday scenario or rampant violent crime if the practice were curbed. References to retrogressing to the Dinkins’ administration—another example of Dog Whistle Politics—were all over the tabloids. The black and Latino members of the Council knew better. They listened to the voices of the victims of this abuse, they spearheaded hearings on the matter, they debated the efficacy and unjustness of the practice in the tabloids. In short they were being responsive to the needs of black, Latino and AsianAmerican voters. The Council voted that day to overcome the mayor’s veto and enact that portion of the Community Safety Act. It was the first time in New York City history that the Council overcame a mayoral veto! The historical significance of the vote was not lost on me as I commented to the press how critical that vote became on a quintessential minority issue because it was directly attributed to the strength of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. It was Section 5 that permitted council districts to be drawn to fully reflect black, Latino and Asian American voting strength going back to the 1980s when Section 5 was used to stop a discriminatory councilmanic redistricting plan. And it was Section 5 that preserved that minority voting strength in all subsequent decennial redistricting plans. Shelby County v. Holder may have taken that tool away but it’s importance was nonetheless evident months later. I respectfully submit, that this is why Congress must restore this aspect of the Voting Rights Act. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, as I close out this Special Order on voting rights, I would be remiss if I didn’t say that, as a daughter of Selma, I can think of no more noble thing for me to fight for than voting rights and the full restoration of those voting rights. After all, it was because of the blood, sweat, and tears in my district and in my hometown that we have so many elected officials that are of color. It is no small wonder why we are seeing such efforts to go out and make sure that people don’t have a right to vote when elected officials say in their remarks as they are introducing legislation for restrictive voting photo IDs, make comments like, ‘‘Well, the people that we are restricting will only be Democratic voters.’’ That just suggests to me that the reason why these restrictive voting photo ID laws were being promulgated was to do exactly that—suppress certain groups of voters. That is absolutely unacceptable and unAmerican. I could also tell you that one of the greatest moments for me on this House floor was when I had an opportunity to escort, as my State of the Union guest in 2015, Miss Amelia Boynton Robinson, who was 104 when she came to the State of the Union in 2015. You see, Miss Amelia Boynton Robinson, on Bloody Sunday in 1965, was bludgeoned on the Edmund Pettus Bridge, along with Congressman JOHN LEWIS. But at 104 years old, she was so excited to come to this august body and to hear President Barack Obama’s State of the Union Address. She was excited not because she would get an opportunity to meet the first African American President, but she was excited because she got a chance to see this elected body at work. She told me that one of her proudest moments was not only casting a ballot, but she told me that one of her proudest moments was to be the first African American woman to be on the ballot in the State of Alabama running for Congress. She ran, Mr. Speaker, for this seat, the Seventh Congressional seat that I am so fortunate to have. She ran for that seat in 1964. So when I think about Miss Amelia Boynton, I not only think about Bloody Sunday and her sacrifice on that bridge, but I also think about her courage, the courage of this African American woman to have the audacity to think that she could be a Member of Congress from the great State of Alabama in 1964. I know I get to walk these hallowed Halls and I get to stand here today and speak with you, Mr. Speaker, because of her courage and her sacrifice. It is not lost on me that she is looking down now wondering what that sacrifice truly meant to America, that we could 50 years later have a Court case that totally dismantled the full protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Now, when Miss Amelia Boynton Robinson came to the State of the Union, we had an opportunity to meet and talk with President Barack Obama before his speech. I will never forget being in the holding room, if you will, behind this Chamber. As many of the members of his Cabinet would come into the room, they would say the same thing: ‘‘Miss Boynton, we stand on your shoulders.’’ ‘‘Miss Boynton, we are so glad that you made those sacrifices on that bridge because we get to do what we do now because you made those sacrifices. We stand on your shoulders.’’ I can tell you that person after person—Secretary of State, Secretary of Transportation, Secretary of HUD— they were all saying the same thing. By the time the Attorney General came up to her and said, ‘‘Miss Boynton, I stand on your shoulders,’’ she looked up at him and said, ‘‘Get off my shoulders. Do your own work.’’ Yes, Mr. Speaker, at 104 years old, she had 
TESTIMONY OF STEWART KWOH, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND PRESIDENT , ASIAN AMERICANS  ADVANCING JUSTICE LOSANGELES , MAY20, 2016 HON. CONGRESSMEMBERS : Thank you for inviting me to this critical subject of voting rights. My name is Stewart Kwoh, and I am the Executive Director and President of Asian Americans Advancing JusticeLos Angeles. We are the largest civil rights organization in the nation dedicated to issues affecting the Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander (AANHPI) communities. As a civil rights organization, we have a voting rights project working to ensure that systems and policies do not dilute the AANHPI votes and that language assistance is provided under federal and state laws. We are part of a national affiliation with offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Atlanta, and Washington D.C. On July 18, 2013, our entire affiliation filed a joint statement with Asian Americans Legal Defense and Education Fund before the Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice Committee on the Judiciary United States House of Representatives at the hearing on ‘‘The Voting Rights Act after the Supreme Court’s Decision in Shelby County.’’ My plan today is not to repeat our joint statement. Instead, I will first provide a brief overview of what the Shelby County v. Holder decision means for Asian Americans nationally. I will then briefly outline issues faced by Asian American voters in California and close with the importance of the Voting Rights Advancement Act. 
IMPACT OF SHELBY COUNTY V . HOLDER DECISION  Immediately prior to Shelby, there were 15 states that were covered in whole or in part under Section 5 (not including states in which the state or localities terminated coverage through bailout). Over half of these states are among the top 20 states having the largest Asian American populations in the country. Former Section 5 jurisdictions are also home to the most rapidly growing Asian American populations. From 2000 to 2010, the country’s Asian American population grew by 46%, making Asian Americans the fastest growing racial group in the nation. Notably, in over twothirds of former Section 5 states, 
the Asian American population grew at a more rapid rate than this. The following list illustrates this point: California (partial coverage for Kings, Monterey and Yuba Counties)—5.6 million Asian Americans, largest Asian American population by state, 34% growth since 2000 New York (partial coverage for Bronx, Kings and New York Counties)—1.6 million Asian Americans, secondlargest Asian American population by state, 35% growth since 2000 Texas (statewide coverage)—1.1 million Asian Americans, thirdlargest Asian American population by state, 72% growth since 2000 Florida (partial coverage for Collier, Hardee, Hendry, Hillsborough and Monroe Counties)—over 570,000 Asian Americans, eighthlargest Asian American population by state, 72% growth since 2000 Virginia (statewide coverage)—over 520,000 Asian Americans, ninthlargest Asian American population by state, 71% growth since 2000 Georgia (statewide coverage)—over 360,000 Asian Americans, 13thlargest Asian American population by state, 83% growth since 2000 North Carolina (partial coverage for 40 counties)—over 250,000 Asian Americans, 15thlargest Asian American population by state, 85% growth since 2000 Arizona (statewide coverage)—over 230,000 Asian Americans, 19thlargest Asian American population by state, 95% growth since 2000 The termination of Section 5 coverage for these states comes at a pivotal moment for Asian American communities, which in recent years have begun to emerge politically in these states as they increase in size. As our nation has historically witnessed, when groups of racial minorities move into an area, or outpace the general population growth in an area, the result is often racial tension and sometimes racial discrimination, including voting discrimination. 
ADVANCEMENT ACT  On June 24, 2015, the Voting Rights Advancement Act (Advancement Act) was introduced in the Senate (S. 1659) and the House (H.R. 2867). The Advancement Act has received broad and vocal support from the civil rights community because it responds to the unique, modernday challenges of voting discrimination that have evolved in the 50 years since the Voting Rights Act first passed. The Advancement Act recognizes that changing demographics require tools that protect voters nationwide—especially voters of color, voters who rely on languages other than English, and voters with disabilities. It also requires that jurisdictions make voting changes public and transparent. The Advancement Act would modernize the preclearance formula to cover states with a pattern of discrimination that puts voters at risk, ensure that lastminute voting changes will not adversely affect voters, protect voters from the types of voting changes most likely to discriminate against people of color and language minorities, enhance the ability to apply preclearance review when needed, and expand the effective Federal Observer program and improve voting rights protections for Native Americans and Alaska Natives. Since the Shelby decision, 17 states have implemented or adopted new voting restriction laws which are in place for the first time for the 2016 presidential election. Many of these restrictions, such as ID requirements, proof of citizenship, and limitations to early voting, are practices that would require preclearance by the Department of Justice under the Advancement Act. These are known practices which often result in the disenfranchisement of voters, particularly voters of color and lowincome voters. Some of the known practices disproportionately affect naturalized citizens, and in the United States, 63% of Asian Americans who are U.S. citizens and 18 or older are naturalized citizens. Proof of citizenship, in particular, has a disparate impact on naturalized citizens. Unlike birth certificates, naturalization certificates cannot be copied without lawful authority. When Arizona implemented its proof of citizenship requirement (which was later found to violate the National Voter Registration Act), some counties accepted copies of the naturalization certificate, others did not. In the counties that did not, a naturalized citizen without a passport would have to register in person at the election official’s office during normal business hours. Moreover, duplicate or replacement copies of the certificate can take over a year and costs $345 to obtain a copy. For those without the funds to obtain a duplicate copy, the proof of citizenship requirement is a denial of the right to vote. Even for those who are able to afford the fee, many elections can occur during the time it takes to obtain a duplicate. It is, therefore, crucial for the Department of Justice to have the authority to critically review proof of citizenship requirements linked to voting. Earlier this year, we saw the implementation of North Carolina’s new photo ID law. As noted above, North Carolina has the 15th largest Asian American community by state. Rudy Ravindra, a resident of North Carolina, wrote an oped for Raleigh’s The News & Observer recounting his March 2016 early voting experience. According to Mr. Ravindra, after giving his driver’s license to the poll worker, the poll worker required Mr. Ravindra to spell his name as he (the poll worker) typed it into the system. Mr. Ravindra reported that his wife had the same experience on election day. In both situations, poll workers simply looked at the white voters’ identification cards and did not ask them to spell their names. While the Advancement Act focuses on policies before implementation, the Department of Justice might have blocked North Carolina’s ID law in the first place. Another known practice that would be subject to preclearance by the Advancement Act is changes that reduce, consolidate, or relocate voting locations. In Arizona’s March primary, the election official in Maricopa County consolidated precincts into large vote centers but failed to provide enough staff support. Each vote center was assigned 21,000 voters. News coverage reported voters having to wait 4 to 5 hours to vote. As noted above, Arizona saw 95% growth in the Asian American population since 2000, and Maricopa County is home to 82,000 Asian American eligible voters. Oversight by the Department of Justice could have stopped the closure of neighborhood precincts and prevented the disenfranchisement of the voters who could not stand in line for hours. In the three years since the Shelby decision, Congress has failed to restore the Voting Rights Act, and voters have been disenfranchised due to new laws and practices implemented postShelby. While the three Congressmembers holding this roundtable have been champions in advocating for the Voting Rights Advancement Act, the time is now for the full Congress to take up and debate the bill. Congress must come together, as it has each time the Voting Rights Act has been before it, to restore the protections found in the Voting Rights Act to ensure a stronger democracy. Thank you again for the invitation to testify before you today. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, it’s ironic that, as a country, we consistently advocate for other countries to support democratic traditions and institutions—and empower their citizens. Sadly, because of the Shelby decision, we are not living up to our own standards. But, we cannot lay all the blame on the Supreme Court. The Court was clear in their ruling While they invalidated the mechanism used to determine what jurisdictions required preclearance—they also suggested that Congress could come up with a standard that passes constitutional muster. Sadly, thanks to Republican inaction, we have failed in that task. Now, we are about to have the first Presidential election—in five decades—without the very basic protections that were enshrined in the Voting Rights Act. What does this mean? It means that some of our most vulnerable populations—communities of color, young people, students and women—are more likely to encounter obstacles to exercising their most basic right. And, let’s be absolutely clear—there remain serious challenges and problems when it comes to protecting voters. By no means are the protections in the VRA outofdate or no longer necessary. 
We saw a stark example of this earlier this year—in Brooklyn. In April, some 120,000 voters from the rolls in Kings County—the largest county in the state—were improperly purged from the voter rolls. And, an analysis by local media outlets found those affected were disproportionately Latino voters—mostly in working class neighborhoods like Sunset Park, East New York, and parts of Bushwick and Williamsburg. Now, let’s recall that Kings County was previously covered by Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Would these voters have been removed if the VRA were still intact? The fact is we do not know. But we do know this—our democracy and our system of voting is not perfect—and to argue that voters are no longer disenfranchised is simply false. We’ve seen that clearly in Brooklyn. And, let me make one other observation— those who argue that we need more stringent voter ID laws to prevent ‘‘voter fraud’’ are making a dishonest argument. Every credible expert who has examined the data has concluded this—voter fraud is exceedingly rare, if not completely nonexistent. Voting rights should not be a Republican issue or a Democratic issue. We should all be passionate about defending and upholding this most basic right—for all Americans. Yet, this Congress—thanks to the Republican Leadership—has failed to do the necessary work to restore the protections in the Voting Rights Act. Earlier this year, my colleagues HAKEEM  JEFFRIES , GRACE MENG and I hosted a forum on the Voting Rights Act. We heard from local experts about the need to restore these protections. Let me conclude simply by saying this—it is shameful this Congress has not addressed this issue. But it is also not surprising. Just as this House has not acted on gun violence and has not yet allocated appropriate funding to address Zika, or dealt with the Flint water crisis—this is yet one more example of how House Republicans are simply not doing their job. So, I call on my colleagues—do your job. Let’s do the hard work of reinstating these democratic protections so voters are not disenfranchised. Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Voting Rights Advancement Act, H.R. 2867, introduced by my friends and colleagues Representatives TERRI SEWELL , L INDA SA´NCHEZ , and J UDY CHU. It is long past time that we take up their bipartisan bill, which would restore the protections of the Voting Rights Act. Mr. Speaker, I think it surprises few of us that following the Supreme Court’s misguided decision in Shelby County v. Holder, the right to vote has been increasingly attacked in states across the country. The court’s decision invalidated the coverage formula in the Voting Rights Act by which certain states and jurisdictions with a history of discrimination were required to preclear election changes with the U.S. Department of Justice. The results have been grave. Since 2010, twentytwo states have implemented new voting restrictions that make it more difficult for students, seniors, those with disabilities, and minorities to vote. This past summer alone, federal courts struck down new prohibitive voting laws in five different states. Federal protections, such as preclearance, prevent these pernicious laws from being passed in the first place, and this recent surge of court cases only underscores the importance of restoring the Voting Rights Act. Disenfranchisement and voter discrimination are realities that Americans face across the country, including in my district in New York City. To further investigate the effects of voter discrimination, I hosted a Voting Rights Forum this past May through the leadership of the Democratic Outreach and Engagement Task Force with my colleagues Representatives VELA´ZQUEZ and J EFFRIES . We were fortunate to host voting rights experts to talk about the effects of the Shelby County decision on our constituents. I invited Jerry Vattamala from the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund to talk about the particular barriers that the AsianAmerican community faces to participating in the electoral process, and why Congress needs to restore the Voting Rights Act. I include in the RECORD his testimony from the event: 
STATEMENT OF THE ASIAN AMERICAN LEGAL DE FENSE AND EDUCATION FUND JERRY  
RIGHTS ACT ’’ BEFORE HON . NYDIA VELAZQUEZ , 
In each election—in 1993, 1996, and 1999— Asian American candidates ran for the school board and won. These victories were due, in part, to the alternative voting system known as ‘‘single transferable voting’’ or ‘‘preference voting.’’ Instead of selecting one representative from singlemember districts, voters ranked candidates in order of preference, from ‘‘1’’ to ‘‘9.’’ In 1998, New York attempted to switch from a ‘‘preference voting’’ system, where voters ranked their choices, to a ‘‘limited voting’’ system, where voters could select only four candidates for the ninemember board, and the nine candidates with the highest number of votes were elected. This change would have put Asian American voters in a worse position to elect candidates of their choice. Furthermore, the ability of Asian Americans to vote is also frustrated by sudden changes to poll sites without informing voters. For example, there have been numerous instances of sudden poll site closures in Asian American neighborhoods in New York City, where the Board of Elections failed to take reasonable steps to ensure that Asian American voters are informed of their correct poll sites. Voters have been misinformed about their poll sites before the elections or have been misdirected by poll workers on Election Day, thus creating confusion for Asian American voters and disrupting their ability to vote. In 2001, primary elections in New York City were rescheduled due to the attacks on the World Trade Center. The week before the rescheduled primaries, AALDEF discovered that a certain poll site, I.S. 131, a school located in the heart of Chinatown and within the restricted zone in lower Manhattan, was being used by the Federal Emergency Management Agency for services related to the World Trade Center attacks. The Board chose to close down the poll site and no notice was given to voters. The Board provided no media release to the Asianlanguage newspapers, made no attempts to send out a mailing to voters, and failed to arrange for the placement of signs or poll workers at the site to redirect voters to other sites. In fact, no consideration at all was made for the fact that the majority of voters at this site were limited English proficient, and that the site had been targeted for Asian language assistance under Section 203. With Section 5 no longer applicable in most jurisdictions, disruptive changes to polling sites, voting systems, and redistricting plans can now occur unfettered, wreaking havoc on Asian American voters’ ability to cast an effective ballot. American citizens of Asian ancestry have long been targeted as foreigners and unwanted immigrants, and racism and discrimination against Asian Americans persist to this day. These negative perceptions have real consequences for the ability of Asian Americans to fully participate in the electoral and political process. Section 5 of the VRA was an effective tool in protecting Asian American voters against a host of actions that threaten to curtail their voting rights. However, the Supreme Court’s recent decision dismantling the coverage formula has left a large gap in protections for Asian American voters that requires Congressional action. We look to Congress to work in a bipartisan fashion to respond to the Court’s ruling and strengthen the VRA, as it did during the 2006 reauthorizations and each previous reauthorization. We respectfully offer our assistance in such a process. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, in just three days, the National Museum of African American History & Culture will officially open its doors to the public. One hundred years in the making, the museum explores the richness and diversity of the African American experience. As a former public school history teacher in Charleston, South Carolina and a lifelong student of history, I have always worked to improve our understanding of the past. History frames our views on current events and has been called the study of human nature by using examples. The struggle for the right to vote is an important part of that history. It’s a history that I know quite well—having lived through some of it. I met my wife while in jail for helping to organize one of the biggest student demonstrations in the South. More than one thousand students from South Carolina State and Claflin University assembled to march to downtown Orangeburg in March 1960. 388 of us were arrested. A few months later, in October 1960, I met John Lewis and Dr. King on the campus of Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia. We were seeking the right to vote. When the Voting Rights Act was signed into law in August 1965, it restored the promise of the 19th amendment. It prohibited racial discrimination in voting and has been called the most successful piece of civil rights legislation in American history. It was reauthorized by Congress on a strong bipartisan basis in 1970, 1975, 1982, 1992 and, most recently, in 2006. I testified before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights in support of extending Section 5, with its strong preclearance requirements, in 1981. I was South Carolina’s Human Affairs Commissioner at the time. At the time, the preclearance requirements were necessary to prevent states with a history of discrimination from engaging in further discriminatory practices. They were necessary again in 1992, in 2006, and they still are necessary today. With no coverage formula in place for the last three years, states have been free to engage in nefarious schemes to suppress minority turnout, dilute the voting strength of communities of color, erect new barriers to the ballot box and make it harder for millions of Americans to exercise their constitutional right to vote. And they have. When Americans go to the ballot box in less than fifty days they’ll find new voting restrictions in place in 17 states for the first time in a presidential election. Nearly 8 million Latino voters living in previously covered jurisdictions will be vulnerable to voting discrimination and changes in election administration. Five federal lawsuits involving Native American voting rights in ND, UT, SD, AZ and AK have been filed since Shelby County v. Holder. North Carolina’s legislature got to work within hours of the Shelby County decision on its ‘‘monster’’ voting law which imposed strict photo ID requirements and cut back early voting. The state has spent more than $5 million defending the law—which the 4th Circuit said, ‘‘target[ted] African Americans with almost surgical precision’’ and ‘‘impose[d] cures for problems that did not exist.’’ Six former preclearance states have closed voter registration offices and moved or closed polling places. And six local jurisdictions have redrawn districts or changed the rules to dilute minority votes. In Georgia alone, 372,000 voters have been purged or removed from the voter rolls in the last two years with little or no awareness. And in Hancock County, one in twenty voters—virtually all AfricanAmericans—were removed from the voting rolls and sheriff’s deputies began showing up at their homes commanding they defend themselves at board meetings as a socalled ‘‘courtesy.’’ Texas has spent more than $3.5 million defending its discriminatory photo ID law and just yesterday, was ordered by a federal court to stop purposefully misleading voters about the requirements to vote. A recent study from 2006–2014 found that the racial turnout gap doubles or triples in states with strict voter ID requirements. They concluded that ‘‘strict voter identification laws substantially alter the makeup of who votes and ultimately skew democracy in favor of whites and those on the political right.’’ I’m not reading from a history book. This is happening right now—in the United States of America in 2016. This Congress—Republicans in this Congress—have done little more than pay lip service to voting rights for the last three years. As we approach the upcoming election, I cannot help but feel as if the lessons of history are creeping up on us. Let us not be doomed to repeat it. Congress must restore the Voting Rights Act. We can do it immediately and we should. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, in the fifty plus years since the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., articulated the dream of a generation, this nation has seen inspiring progress toward the ideal of equality under the law. Nowhere has this progress been more dramatic than in the arena of voting rights. The passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 heralded a new era of political opportunity for AfricanAmericans not seen since Reconstruction. At the state and local level, Section 5 of the Act—which required jurisdictions with a history of voting discrimination to obtain advanced approval for voting changes—was especially important in leveling the playing field by shifting notice requirements and the burden of proof to jurisdictions with a history of discrimination, rather than relying on traditional litigation which would have taken years and countless costs to root out patterns of discrimination in voting. More than any other provision of the Act, Section 5 can be credited with the sustained progress to voting equality. The Supreme Court, in its 5–4 Shelby County v. Holder decision from 2013, has suspended implementation of the Section 5 pre clearance program by invalidating the formula used to designate covered jurisdictions. This decision has seriously undermined the nation’s progress toward equal voting rights by allowing discriminatory voting measures to evade streamlined review and requiring minority voters to engage in costly protracted litigation. In the wake of a divided Supreme Court, many former Section 5 covered states have enacted harsh ‘‘second generation’’ obstacles to voting rights, such as restrictive voter ID laws, limits on early voting and voter registration, and bans on exoffenders from being able to regain their voting rights. Most of these voter suppression measures have a disproportionate impact on minorities, seniors, young people, and other historicallydisadvantaged individuals. Not surprisingly, an ever increasing number of voters on election day are 
plagued by long lines at the polls, confusing voter rules, and restrictions intended to deter them from voting. Literally days after Supreme Court issued the Shelby County ruling, formerly covered jurisdictions enacted discriminatory voting practices that would have been blocked by Section 5 or not even attempted passage of legislation. Texas implemented its restrictive photo ID law, which had been previously blocked by Section 5. The North Carolina state legislature passed a law that imposed a strict photo ID requirement, significantly cut back on early voting, and reduced the window for voter registration. Alabama moved ahead with its law requiring strict photo ID to vote. And Mississippi officials moved to enforce its photo ID law, which the state submitted for preclearance but was never allowed to implement. In 2013 and 2014, at least 10 of the 15 states that had been covered in whole or in part by Section 5 introduced new restrictive legislation that would make it harder for minority voters to cast a ballot. These have passed in two states: Virginia (stricter photo ID requirement and increased restrictions on third party voter registration) and North Carolina (the abovediscussed omnibus bill, which included the ID requirement, early voting cutbacks, and the elimination of sameday voter registration). Further, seven other formerly covered states also passed restrictive legislation in 2011 and 2012, prior to the Shelby County decision in anticipation of victory. Section 5’s loss perhaps has been felt most acutely at the local level. The great majority of voting law changes that were blocked as discriminatory under the Voting Rights Act were enacted at the local level: counties, municipalities, and other state subjurisdictions. We have witnessed local jurisdictions step into the void left by Section 5 to pass all manner of discriminatory voting procedures: discriminatory local redistricting plans; closing polling places and DMV’s in minority communities and changing election dates, just to name a few. Though Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act is still available to challenge these discriminatory practices, the time and expense of litigation leaves these practices in place to do years of damage and places a substantial burden on the rights of minority voters. It took years of litigation to roll back the challenged practices mentioned earlier in Texas and North Carolina. We will enter a Presidential election without Section 5 protection for the first time in 50 years. The danger to our democratic process cannot be overstated. Already, we have heard political candidates discussing voting intimidation tactics and we must focus on the status of federal observers under the law. As a staunch proponent, and a remaining member of Congress who voted for the Act in 1965, I joined Representative SENSENBRENNER  to introduce H.R. 885, the Voting Rights Amendment Act, which is designed to restore the vitality and effectiveness of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Though we have made progress in the courts over the past several weeks in overturning some of these voter suppression measures, the states and some localities have been quick to reenact substitute measures. This tactic was the very reason for the enactment of Section 5 in the first place and evidence of the need for reauthorizing legislation. In addressing these calculated voter suppression tactics, we cannot forget those who have lost their voting rights and have no voice in government. Currently, nearly 4 million of disqualified voters are not in prison, but on probation or parole. Nearly 3 million of the disenfranchised have completed their entire sentence, including probation and parole. I believe that such prohibitions on voting undermine the fundamental rights of people with felony convictions. To correct this injustice, I have introduced H.R. 1459, the Democracy Restoration Act which declares the right of a U.S. citizen to vote in any election for federal office shall not be denied because that individual has been convicted of a criminal offense. Just as the Brennan Center has observed in their report on voting rights postShelby County, ‘‘For all the real progress Section 5 facilitated, the nation and its voters now lack a critical tool to protect those earned advances. Bad laws with lasting, harmful consequences now lack a review mechanism, the method of fighting these laws is now limited to costly and timeintensive litigation, and the public has lost the one centralized means to track the thousands of changes annually that affect Americans’ right to vote.’’ Just as Congress ignored political headwinds and set partisan differences aside five decades ago to prohibit discriminatory voting practices, this Congress must again muster the political courage to enact legislation to protect the voting rights of all Americans. f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A Bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 3076. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for caskets or urns, and for other purposes; to the committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 5936. An act to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, California, to make certain improvements to the enhanceduse lease authority of the Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 5985. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 22, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Rules discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5982 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
from foster care and promoting the enactment by all States of the Interstate Compact for the Placement of Children to ensure more children in the United States are placed in safe, loving, and permanent homes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. HONDA , Mr. H IMES, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. NEAL, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. L EE, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. COSTA , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. KUSTER , and Mr. M CDERMOTT ): H. Res. 881. A resolution recognizing the 55th anniversary of the FulbrightHays Programs; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Art 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. JONES: H.R. 6105. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article 1, Section 8, Clauses: 1) The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States 3) To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 7) To establish Post Offices and post Roads 18) To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 6106. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes . . .’’ By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 6107. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 6108. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6109. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 6110. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6111. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6112. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6113. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sections 1 and 8 By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 6114. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6115. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 21: Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 167: Mr. MCNERNEY and Ms. L ORETTA  SANCHEZ of California. H.R. 188: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 213: Mr. PALLONE and Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 592: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 704: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 746: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 932: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1006: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1025: Ms. LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. RUSH, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 1089: Mr. KINDand Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 1095: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1142: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1151: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 1153: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 1185: Mr. GUTHRIE and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 1283: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1319: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 1492: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 1516: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1550: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1687: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 1728: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. SCHIFF , Mrs. L OWEY , and Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 1733: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 1861: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1941: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2287: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2290: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 2434: Ms. LEE. H.R. 2441: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 2521: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2597: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2660: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 2698: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 2715: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. FUDGE , Ms. K USTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2858: Mr. KINDand Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 2972: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 3084: Mr. HIGGINS , Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3099: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 3280: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 3323: Mr. NEUGEBAUER and Mr. S TIVERS. H.R. 3381: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 3522: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. M CGOVERN. H.R. 3546: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. SERRANO , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 3599: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 3660: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 3886: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. R USH, Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr S ERRANO , Ms. KUSTER , Ms. F UDGE , and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 3892: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 3929: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4140: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 4151: Mr. HANNA . H.R. 4211: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 4298: Miss RICEof New York, Mr. G IBSON, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 4475: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4488: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 4505: Mr. POCAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. MATSUI , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 4559: Mr. NEUGEBAUER . H.R. 4592: Mr. SHIMKUS and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4622: Mr. COLE. H.R. 4657: Mr. HANNA , Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. TROTT . H.R. 4760: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 4784: Mr. HIMES, Ms. L EE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4796: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4907: Mrs. LOVE and Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4919: Ms. DELBENE, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4927: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 4932: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5008: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5061: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 5082: Mr. MARINO , Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 5122: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 5167: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 5180: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 5235: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 5251: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5256: Mr. NOLAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 5263: Ms. DELBENEand Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5373: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5392: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 5410: Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 5418: Mr. YOHO, Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5428: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 5436: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 5466: Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 5474: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 5499: Mr. RENACCI and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5549: Mr. ROHRABACHER and Ms. N ORTON. H.R. 5560: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 5579: Mr. CALVERT and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 5600: Ms. KUSTER , Mr. K LINE, and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 5622: Mr. VARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. RUSH, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 5624: Mr. WEBER of Texas and Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 5682: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 5691: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 5720: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 5721: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 5732: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 5768: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 5790: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R: 5813: Mr. RIBBLE . H.R. 5814: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5816: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 5817: Mr. BONAMICI and Mr. S ANFORD . H.R. 5829: Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 5853: Mr. SMITH of Missouri and Mr. LONG. H.R. 5864: Mr. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5904: Mr. NEUGEBAUER and Mr. M ILLER  of Florida. H.R. 5932: Mr. KINGof New York and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 5942: Mr. KUSTER . H.R. 5953: Ms. NORTON , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 5961: Mr. ZELDIN and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 5978: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 5980: Mr. BYRNE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. DESAULNIER , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 5999: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 6003: Mr. BYRNE and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H.R. 6010: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 6015: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 6017: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 6039: Mr. HECK of Nevada and Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 6045: Mr. KIND. H.R. 6049: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan and Mr. WALKER . H.R. 6059: Mr. PETERS and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 6061: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6066: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 6072: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. B ASS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. RANGEL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. L EE, Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 6073: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. BASS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. LEE, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 6087: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. JONES , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. WALZ, and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 6088: Mr. BUCSHON , Mrs. B ROOKS of In diana, Mr. AMODEI , and Mr. J OYCE . H.J. Res. 98: Ms. EDWARDS . H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. DELAURO . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. SALMON . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. REED, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. W ALDEN , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. POSEY , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. LEVIN, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. N ORTON . H. Con. Res. 155: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Geor gia. 
H. Res. 346: Mr. R OUZER . H. Res. 831: Mr. GROTHMAN . H. Res. 840: Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 845: Mr. PASCRELL . H. Res. 848: Mr. KATKO . H. Res. 850: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H. Res. 851: Mrs. LOVEand Mr. R OONEY of Florida. H. Res. 853: Mr. ALLEN , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. CALVERT . H. Res. 854: Mr. POCAN . H. Res. 861: Mr. CICILLINE and Ms. L OFGREN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMR. ROYCE  The amendment to H.R. 5931 (Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act) that I filed with the Committee on Rules, listed as amendment number one in that committee’s report on the bill, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5913 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2016 No. 143 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 