Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Communities In Schools of Wilkes County, which has been awarded a $500,000 grant from AT&T to increase its assistance to underserved youths in Wilkes and Alexander Counties. The funds will be used to expand the Increasing Intentionality Initiative into seven highpoverty, rural high schools in North Wilkesboro and Taylorsville. Of the more than 5,500 students in grades 9 to 12 who will be served by this expansion, more than 1,000 will receive individualized, case managed services. Growing up in the mountains of North Carolina, I learned firsthand how education plays a vital role in the success of individual Americans. Education can change lives, especially when you have community support and a network of caring adults dedicated to helping all children reach their potential. That is what Communities In Schools is all about and why I am excited to see it expand in North Carolina’s Fifth District. f 
DONALD TRUMP’S CAMPAIGN HAS DIVIDED OUR NATION (Ms. MCCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump’s hateful campaign has divided our Nation. After the election, Mr. Trump promised Americans that he would ‘‘bind the wounds of division.’’ His appointment of Stephen Bannon as chief White House strategist is proof of the ugly direction Mr. Trump intends to take this country. Bannon built his media career catering to white supremacists and antiSemites. The fact that Republicans have been silent on Bannon’s appointment is a disturbing sign. It shows that the Republican Party has embraced Trump’s campaign agenda of blatant sexism, racial bigotry, and religious intolerance. This is an unAmerican ideology, and it must be confronted, both here in the House and in our communities. For millions of people, including families in my district, Trump’s election means they are now living under a shroud of fear. In this House, and at home in Minnesota, I pledge to keep fighting to defend our fellow Americans from Trump’s extreme agenda. If we want a strong America where all families have the opportunity to succeed, then we must stand united and reject those who fan the flames of hate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to refrain 
DON’T BELIEVE THE MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the liberal media tried to destroy Donald Trump. Instead, they destroyed their own credibility. Their extreme bias is provable. The network media’s coverage of Mr. Trump was 91 percent negative, and 96 percent of campaign contributions from journalists went to Hillary Clinton. By a 10 to 1 ratio, the American people felt the media were trying to elect Mrs. Clinton. A Gallup Poll found that the people’s trust in the media has hit a record low. Has the media learned any lessons? Will they show any humility? Will they now try to be objective? Not likely, given the last few days’ headlines and commentaries. Until news reporters give the American people the facts rather than expressing their own opinions, there is no reason to believe what they say or write. 
EFFORTS TO DISMANTLE OBAMACARE (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise serious concerns about the Presidentelect’s plan to dismantle ObamaCare. As an architect of the law, I am proud to report that the percentage of Americans uninsured is at a record low. More than 20 million additional Americans have health care, and a million additional enrollees are expected this year. The Affordable Care Act is, in fact, working. Reports have surfaced that the Presidentelect’s plan to dismantle ObamaCare would eliminate the subsidies that have enabled more than 70 percent of consumers to find plans at less than $75 a month. Any effort to eliminate subsidies would lead to unsustainable cost increases and a loss of healthcare coverage for people nationwide. There is also a threat to undo the Medicaid expansion under which almost 16 million Americans have been insured. With children representing about half of all Medicaid recipients, the elimination of that expansion would be disastrous for the most vulnerable Americans. Mr. Speaker, Democrats stand ready to work to improve and strengthen the Affordable Care Act, but we will continue to stand resolute against any effort to dismantle it. For the sake of the American people, we can’t get this wrong. CONGRATULATIONS TO PRESIDENTELECT DONALD TRUMP AND VICE PRESIDENTELECT MIKE PENCE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday the American people, with optimism, elected Donald Trump and Mike Pence to lead our country. I congratulate Presidentelect Trump and our friend and former House colleague Vice Presidentelect Pence, and Karen Pence, on their deserved victory. This election clearly revealed, when presented with a choice of continuation of big government or change for limited government with expanded freedom, the American people stood up for the conservative values that would create jobs, lower taxes, and rebuild our military. The ideological conflict is alive and well, and conservative principles are proven to promote opportunity for all Americans. The American people have selected a brighter future for their children and grandchildren. I look forward to working with Presidentelect Trump and Vice President elect Pence, partnering with Speaker PAUL RYAN, to promote jobs for all Americans and reinforce our principles of limited government with expanded freedom. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. God bless Presidentelect Donald Trump and Vice Presidentelect Mike Pence. 
IN RECOGNITION OF AL KENNICKELL (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Al Kennickell of Savannah, Georgia, for being named The Citadel Alumnus of the Year. Mr. Kennickell graduated from South Carolina’s prestigious military college in 1977 after attending on a football scholarship. After graduation, he returned to Savannah to work in his family’s printing business, Kennickell Printing Company. The business was originally founded by his grandfather in 1892. His hard work with the company led him to purchase it, and he further developed it into The Kennickell Group, which is now an awardwinning printing company that does business internationally. In addition to growing his business, Mr. Kennickell dedicates much of his time towards the Savannah community. One of his many impressive community achievements includes the role of bringing the Liberty Mutual Legends of Golf, a professional golf tournament, to Savannah and coordinating its volunteer program. Currently, Mr. Kennickell is serving as president of the Brigadier Foundation of The Citadel, where his positive efforts are being felt throughout the foundation and the rest of the college. Congratulations, Mr. Kennickell. We are proud of you in Savannah, Georgia. f 
TRIBUTE TO ARMY CORPORAL DONALD MATNEY (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Army Corporal Donald Matney, a native of Seymour, Missouri, and a Korean war veteran. On July 20, 1950, Corporal Matney’s unit attempted to delay enemy from capturing a town near Taejon, South Korea. Enemy infantry and armor units were able to force the division out of the town and block withdrawal routes. Matney was reported missing in action following the attacks. After 56 long years, Corporal Matney’s remains were identified and he has made his final trip home. Corporal Matney fought in defense of America and the freedoms we cherish today. I am saddened thinking of the time lost, but also thankful the Matney family can have that long overdue closure. As a nation, we are indebted to the sacrifice he made, and we are grateful for the freedoms he fought to preserve. His memory will live forever as one of honor and courage. I am blessed to honor the life of Donald Matney today, and I thank him and all veterans for their noble service to our country. We must never forget that freedom is not free. Welcome home, Corporal. Thank you for giving your all for us. We owe you a debt of service we will never be able to repay. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 5883. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1192) to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with prediabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1192 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Clinical Care Commission Act’’. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1192, the National Clinical Care Commission Act, introduced by my friend and colleague from Texas, Representative PETE OLSON . It has been supported by 229 cosponsors. H.R. 1192 establishes a clinical care commission to evaluate and recommend solutions regarding better coordinating and leveraging Federal programs that relate to complex metabolic or autoimmune disorders, such as diabetes. Metabolic disorders take a large toll on many Americans each year, and complications from these disorders can lead to catastrophic health outcomes. Currently, there are various programs across the Federal Government that touch on metabolic disorders, some focusing on prevention, others focusing on treatment, but they lack coordination. Improving coordination of such efforts provides an opportunity to reduce costs while improving health outcomes. This legislation received broad support from the Energy and Commerce Committee, passing through a full committee markup by voice vote. H.R. 1192 provides for no new spending by utilizing only existing funds at the Department of Health and Human Services. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsors of the bill, Congressman OLSON and Congressman L OEBSACK , for introducing this legislation. I am very proud to be one of the many cosponsors of the bill. H.R. 1192 would help to improve Federal efforts to treat and prevent metabolic disorders, autoimmune diseases, and diseases resulting from insulin deficiency or insulin resistance. The most common metabolic disorder in the United States, of course, is diabetes, which affects more than 29 million Americans. Another 86 million Americans have prediabetes, a condition associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and heart disease. Unfortunately, all too often, diabetes leads, as my colleague said, to avoidable complications such as blindness, limb amputation, and kidney failure, and it costs our healthcare system an avoidable billions of dollars each year. That is why it is important to improve Federal efforts to prevent avoidable cases of these conditions and to ensure that Americans have the treatment and management services necessary to successfully manage them. I am pleased that we were able to work together to pass this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1192. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ), the author of the bill. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 1192, the National Clinical Care Commission Act, a bipartisan bill which is cosponsored by over half of my House colleagues. It has this level of support because this Nation faces an epidemic. Diabetes or prediabetes affects over 100 million Americans. Nearly one in three of our neighbors are affected. Dr. Phil has diabetes. We met, and he is a strong proponent of this bill. This is in addition to all of the other Americans who have diseases that fall under complex metabolic, autoimmune, or insulin resistant diseases. When I first came to Congress in 2009, it was crystal clear that we had a big problem. The benefits of all the Federal research dollars going into these diseases were simply not making their way to patients. The researchers at the NIH, the CDC, and even the EPA weren’t sharing diabetes research. It was clear to me in 2009, and it is clear to me in 2016. We need a laserlike focus on improving patient care by pursuing a strong Federal focus on research. My bill accomplishes that goal through the establishment of a national clinical care commission made up of doctors with specialties, such as endocrinologists, and other healthcare providers who work directly with patients and pharmacists. This commission will have 3 years to strengthen the partnership between Federal stakeholders and health professionals who will bring handson, clinical experience to improve care. 
This is not a new, unending bureaucracy. After 3 years, this commission will sunset. In 3 years, it will be gone. We have made a huge investment of taxpayer dollars in research. It is time for us to leverage that investment and translate that into meaningful prevention and effective treatment options. So today, on World Diabetes Day, I ask my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1192 and help all those who suffer from diabetes and other complex metabolic and autoimmune disorders. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, the truth is, in this country, if we were able to actually get some control of diabetes—which, as the author of this bill said, affects over 100 million Americans—prediabetes or diabetes, we would be able to really get control of all healthcare costs. It is one of the biggest drivers of healthcare costs in our country. So while this is a commission—and let’s hope that the commission does its good work—we have to stay focused, as he said, on the issue of diabetes. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), who is in support of the bill. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1192, the National Clinical Care Commission Act, which establishes within the Department of Health and Human Services the National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission. The commission will look into the dissemination of information and resources to clinicians on best practices for delivering high quality care and how best to effectively deploy new and emerging treatment and technologies. As a pharmacist, I played an important role in diabetes care by screening patients who had a high risk for diabetes and educated patients to empower them to take better care of themselves. I believe all of my colleagues would agree that making government work to help evaluate and recommend solutions regarding diabetes is important. The American Diabetes Association reports that there are almost 30 million people living with this disease. With better coordination and leveraging of Federal programs that relate to clinical care for people with prediabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions caused by diabetes, we will begin to stem the tide of this awful disease. Mr. Speaker, this legislation should be a priority for our country, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill that we are acting on today. I would remind the body that it passed on a strong vote through the full committee on a voice vote, and there are many things to recommend this bill. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate World Diabetes Day and to urge the passage of the National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act (H.R. 1192), which would authorize a committee of experts to improve care for people with diabetes and associated conditions. I’d like to thank the original cosponsors of the bill, Mr. OLSON and Mr. LOEBSACK , as well as Chairman U PTON  and Ranking Member PALLONE , for all your hard work in making sure this important legislation gets the attention it deserves. World Diabetes Day helps raise awareness of the scope of this disease. In that spirit, I’d like to note for all our colleagues that the human and economic impact of diabetes in the United States is mammoth. More than 29 million people in the United States from all walks of life have diabetes. The Centers for Disease Control estimates as many as 86 million Americans have prediabetes. This disease is a lifelong reality that patients and their families must grapple with every day. As the mother of a child with type 1 diabetes, I know the toll it can take. But I’m also in awe of the bravery and strength exhibited by people who live with diabetes. For them, we must continue to support innovative and thoughtful solutions that address awareness, prevention and cures. For health care problems of this magnitude, coordination is essential. Increased communication and planning between the many different federal agencies working to prevent and treat diabetes will make a difference for patients and help us spend taxpayer dollars in a more costeffective way. The National Clinical Care Commission Act would help jumpstart these efforts by facilitating dialogue and coordination between leaders in the federal government and experts from the field. The Commission would be tasked with reviewing the many different ways the government currently spends money on diabetes and coming up with a strategic plan on how to move forward effectively and efficiently. I have no doubt that the House will pass H.R. 1192 today. I encourage the Senate to vote on this commonsense bill as soon as possible. Thank you. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1192, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with a complex metabolic or autoimmune disease, a disease resulting from insulin deficiency or insulin resistance, or complications caused by such a disease, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO MATERNITY CARE ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1209) to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1209 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Access to Maternity Care Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, which I introduced with Representative CAPPS . H.R. 1209 increases data collection by the Department of Health and Human Services to help better place maternity care providers through the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program. Currently, maternity care providers participate in the National Health Service Corps through the primary care designation, but they are not always placed where they are needed the most. H.R. 1209 will require increased data collection on maternity care providers who will then be placed in geographic areas within existing health professional shortage areas where they are most needed. This legislation enjoyed broad support on the Energy and Commerce Committee and passed through a full committee markup on a voice vote. H.R. 1209 provides no new spending. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act; and I want to thank Dr. BURGESS and my dear colleague, L OIS CAPPS from California, for offering this important piece of legislation. It would require the Health Resources and Services Administration, HRSA, to better identify areas with increased need for maternity care services. This will help ensure the placement of maternity care providers within the National Health Service Corps to areas with the most need for their services. While global maternal mortality rates have fallen by more than one third from 2000 to 2015, the maternal mortality rate in the United States has actually increased. In 2015, 25 women lost their lives during pregnancy or childbirth per 100,000 births in the U.S. compared to 23 women who did so in 2000. It is clear that we must do more to reverse this troubling trend. Congress must make it a priority to ensure all women have access to the prenatal and maternity care services needed to prevent maternal mortality. I support H.R. 1209 because it will help expand access to prenatal and maternity care services in the areas where there is the most need. I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1430 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), my distinguished colleague. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, sponsored by my good friend from Texas, and fellow OB/GYN physician, MIKEBURGESS . As an obstetrician/gynecologist who spent 31 years practicing medicine, I find it unacceptable that there are pockets across the United States where women do not have access to needed OB/GYN care. There are a huge number of OB/GYNs who are nearing retirement age, and more still who are considering early retirement. This is occurring while the female population is expected to increase 36 percent by 2050. A decrease in available doctors, coupled with an increase in female population, will lead to severe shortages that could threaten many women’s ability to receive timely prenatal, labor and delivery care. Every year, 1 million babies are born to mothers who did not receive adequate prenatal care. Without proper care, the babies born to these mothers are three times more likely to be born low birth weight and five times more likely to die than babies whose mothers received care. I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation that would require the Health Resources and Services Administration to designate maternity healthcare professional shortage areas and target maternity care resources where they are most needed, helping to ensure healthier pregnancies and healthier babies. It was my job as an OB/GYN physician to make sure mothers and their children were healthy during and after their pregnancy, and I still feel very strongly about that duty now that I am here in Congress. While this bill will not solve the entire shortage crisis, I think it is a meaningful start. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ), my colleague and friend, who came to Congress the same 106th Congress, I believe, along with me, prior to that being a nurse and is now retiring from that seat, but not before she adds one more thing at least, maybe there will be more, to making our health system better and protecting so many lives. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear colleague, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, which I am proud to have coauthored with my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS). We know that healthy women make healthy moms, and healthy moms make healthy babies. To support these women throughout their lives, they need access to preconception, prenatal, postpartum, and interpartum care— interpartum being that time between one child and the next, should there be another child. But too many communities lack the skilled maternity care professionals who are able to provide these services, and that is what this bill would address. H.R. 1209 would harness the power of the National Health Service Corps to better target maternity care to the communities that need this care the most. Maternity care professionals are already included in the program and doing great work in communities across the country. But at present, these providers’ placement is based on data related to primary care access shortages, without regard to the specific maternity care which may be needed. So while they are doing important work, there is more that we can, and should, do to ensure that they reach the areas that would benefit most from highquality maternity care. Our bill would start this process and ensure that the National Health Service Corps takes the steps to use data to help more accurately place maternity care professionals in the locations that have the greatest need. H.R. 1209 would set up a process to identify communities in existing health professional shortage areas that most need maternity care. And then it would require action to get maternity care professionals into these targeted areas. We know that the National Health Service Corps is one of our most effective programs which improves access to care in underserved areas. We just want to make sure that we don’t leave any community behind, especially when it comes to the health of mothers and their babies. I want to again thank my colleague, Dr. BURGESS , for partnering with me on this legislation. I thank Chairman UPTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , and all of the staff for helping us move this bill forward. And I want to thank my deputy chief of staff and health policy advisor, Adriane Casalotti, for her years of work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge full support of this legislation. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, the Improving Access to Maternity Care Act, which amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Health Resources and Services Administration to designate maternity care health professional shortage areas and review these designations at least annually. The National Health Service Corps places providers in health professional shortage areas; however, there is no shortage area designation for maternity care. Across our country, there are major pockets of the U.S. where women have little or no access to needed OB/GYN care. Even in my own district, there are rural communities 
where women live more than 30 minutes away from a hospital or a clinic offering prenatal services. With almost 1 million babies being born to mothers who did not receive adequate prenatal care, we must allow for new opportunities to target OB/ GYNs to healthcare shortage areas. The National Health Service Corps offers taxfree loan repayment assistance to support qualified healthcare providers who choose to take their skills where they are most needed. Why would we not try to give every woman the ability to receive timely prenatal and labor/delivery services? Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has no more speakers, let me just say how pleased I am to be a supporter of this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1209, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TITLE VIII NURSING WORKFORCE REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2713) to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2713 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2016, introduced by my colleague, Representative LOISCAPPS , and supported by over 70 Members of the House. H.R. 2713 reauthorizes the Title VIII program, which has been funded since 1964. This reauthorization will help many nurses, including advanced practice nurses, better serve acute and chronic patients through 2020. Title VIII also includes a National Advisory Council on Nurse Education and Practice. Nurses are on the front lines of our healthcare system and interact with almost every patient who depends on them to provide quality care. This legislation is CutGo compliant and enjoyed broad support in the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act. This important public health bill would reauthorize nursing workforce programs that support education, training, recruitment, and retention efforts. Title VIII nursing workforce programs are the primary source of Federal support for nursing education and training. These programs are needed to address the growing shortage of registered nurses which threaten to harm the quality of care that patients receive in the United States healthcare delivery system. These vital programs have endured widespread bipartisan support that I hope will continue today. I want to thank Congresswoman CAPPS for her work on this bill and for her longstanding leadership in promoting Federal efforts that advance the nursing profession. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill in order to help ensure that we have the nursing workforce needed to meet our Nation’s growing demand for nursing services. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOYCE ). Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today in support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act. First, I want to thank my good friend and cochair, LOISCAPPS , for her hard work on this legislation. As a husband of a nurse, I know how important nurses are to their patients and all aspects of care. Their leadership, compassionate care, and team approach to healthcare delivery is why nurses are the most trusted profession in America. This legislation specifically helps sustain a nursing workforce with sufficient numbers to keep America’s healthcare system running smoothly. It strengthens nursing education at all levels, from entrylevel preparation 
through graduate study, and provides support for institutions that educate nurses for practice in rural and medically underserved communities. Reauthorizing Title VIII programs ensure that these key initiatives have an authorization for funding through fiscal year 2021. I believe Title VIII is a longterm investment which will help propel the nursing profession forward to meet the changing healthcare needs. We must recruit, support, and train a strong nursing workforce, and this bill will ensure that happens. So, please, stand with me today in support of our nurses and this vital legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOYCE ) for this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ), one of the nurses of the House of Representatives. Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act, a bill I authored to strengthen our Nation’s nursing workforce. Nurses are there for the most intimate times of a person’s life. They touch the lives of patients and their families every day, not only ensuring proper care but supporting them through difficult diagnoses and helping them navigate the many complexities of our healthcare system—and they do it well. Time and time again, my colleagues here on the Hill will tell me about the excellent nursing care they or a family member received. In many ways, nurses are the backbone of the healthcare delivery system. We need to keep that backbone strong. That is exactly what Title VIII has done for over 50 years. In fact, Title VIII is the primary program our Nation has to strengthen and grow the nursing workforce. And it does so through targeted investments in the recruitment, retention, and distribution of these highly educated professionals who comprise our Nation’s nursing workforce. b1445 It bolsters nursing education at all levels, from entrylevel preparation through graduate study. It helps nurses repay student loans in exchange for working in underserved areas. It provides support for institutions that educate nurses for practice in rural and medically underserved communities, with a special focus on ensuring nurses are ready and able to care for our Nation’s aging population; and it provides support for nurse educators so that they will be there—ready and willing— to teach the next generation of nursing professionals. It is also worth noting that title VIII has been incredibly successful. From 2006 to 2013 alone, title VIII supported more than 520,000 nurses and nursing students in getting them trained and into the field. H.R. 2713 would continue this impressive track record. Our bill is a bipartisan effort to ensure that these programs can continue while updating them to recognize advances in the profession. That is why it has the support from so many of my colleagues here in Congress as well as from over 50 nursing organizations. I thank and acknowledge my Congressional Nursing Caucus cochair, Representative DAVID JOYCE from Ohio, who joined me to lead this reauthorization effort. He has been a strong advocate for nurses and a great partner in that effort. I again thank Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE  and their staffs for moving this bill forward, and I thank my longtime health policy adviser, Adriane Casalotti, who has worked tirelessly with me, on behalf of this bill and the nursing profession, over the course of her career on Capitol Hill. Now I hope the House would indulge me for a moment. As a nurse myself before my coming to Congress and as cofounder and co chair of the House Nursing Caucus, I could not be more proud that we are here today. As some of my colleagues may remember, in 2002, one of my earliest priorities in Congress—the Nurse Reinvestment Act—became law. It was an important update to the title VIII program to ensure that it would meet the most pressing needs of our healthcare system. The bill we are considering today is a continuation of that work I began so many years ago. Much has changed during this time in Congress, but our ability to come together to support nurses and the nursing profession in a bipartisan way has not changed. I thank my colleagues on my behalf and all of our Nation’s nurses for this commitment then, now, and in the years to come. Making the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act law is a critical way to fulfill this commitment, so I urge strong support for this bill. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2713, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2016, which reauthorizes the title VIII Nursing Workforce Development programs that are overseen by the Health Resources and Service Administration. As integral members of the healthcare team, nurses serve in a wide variety of delivery settings and collaborate with other professionals to improve the quality of America’s healthcare system. Registered nurses comprise the largest group of health professionals, with over 3 million licensed providers, and offer essential care to patients in a variety of settings, including hospitals, longterm care facilities, community centers, schools, workplaces, and patients’ homes. For many students, title VIII support means the difference between their ability to enter into the nursing profession and not. In 2014, title VIII funding brought nearly $5 million to the State of Georgia to bolster nursing education at all levels—from entry level preparation through graduate study—and also to provide support for institutions and nurse faculty. This legislation demonstrates a commitment to the future generations of practicing nurses, nurse faculty, and researchers across the country. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this bill, and I am grateful to LOIS CAPPS and D AVID JOYCE . I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2713, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECTING PATIENT ACCESS TO EMERGENCY MEDICATIONS ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4365) to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4365 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4365, the Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act, introduced by my colleagues from North Carolina, Mr. HUDSONand Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 4365 would update the DEA registration process for emergency medical services agencies with multiple locations, clarifying recordkeeping requirements related to the transportation and storage of controlled substances. Further, the bill would ensure that paramedics and other EMS professionals are able to continue to administer pain and antiseizure medications in emergency situations that are pursuant to standing or verbal orders when certain conditions are met. H.R. 4365 has over 130 cosponsors. It was reported out of the Energy and Commerce Committee on a voice vote, and it is supported by over a dozen EMS and trauma care organizations. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4365. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4365, the Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016. I thank Mr. HUDSON for his leadership, as well as Mr. BUTTERFIELD ’s. This bill is the result of a bipartisan effort, and it reflects input from emergency medical services—EMS—professionals, hospitals, and law enforcement. The bill strikes the right balance of ensuring that EMS professionals have flexibility when responding to emergency situations while preserving the Drug Enforcement Agency’s ability to effectively enforce U.S. laws and regulations that govern controlled substances. H.R. 4365 would amend the Controlled Substances Act to, among other things, clarify that EMS personnel can administer controlled substances under a standing order from an EMS medical director who oversees emergency care. This would codify what is current practice across the U.S. and would help ensure that patients have access to important drugs during emergency situations. H.R. 4365 would also streamline the EMS registration process to allow for a single registration for an EMS agency in a State rather than requiring each EMS medical director or EMS agency location to register. In addition, H.R. 4365 makes EMS agencies responsible for receiving, storing, and tracking controlled substances to ensure that the DEA can better prevent the diversion or misuse of controlled substances. I thank my colleagues Mr. BUTTERFIELD and Mr. H UDSON for their work on this important legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4365. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON ), the primary author of the bill and a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to support my bill, H.R. 4365, the Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act. What if your loved one were in a car accident or had a seizure, but the EMS responder who was trained to help couldn’t give him the medicine he needed? Under current law, this could be a reality. This is a huge problem, especially in rural communities where access to a hospital is already a challenge. That is why I introduced this commonsense bill with my colleague G.K. BUTTERFIELD —to clarify existing law and allow emergency medical responders to continue administering lifesaving medications. Without this bill, patients could suffer simply because Washington hasn’t kept up with modern medicine. It is a prime example of government’s getting in the way and of the exact type of problem I came here to fix. While today’s bill may not be flashy, it solves a problem and it saves lives. It is an example of how to get things done: finding common ground and advancing bipartisan solutions to the problems that face us. Congressional action is immediately needed, which is why I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. I thank my colleague and friend, Representative BUTTERFIELD , for working with me on this in a bipartisan way. I also thank Chairman BURGESS , Chairman UPTON , and the other leaders of the Energy and Commerce Committee who have helped us bring this bill to the floor. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4365, the Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016, which amends the Controlled Substances Act and safeguards the dispensing of controlled substances by emergency medical services professionals. In today’s healthcare system, EMS providers often provide the first—and sometimes only—medical treatment that a patient receives in the event of an emergency. Due to their unique nature, there is routinely a clinical need for EMS providers to administer controlled substance medications in the practice of EMS medicine, ranging from pain narcotics to epinephrine. This response is critical to providing timely and lifesaving care, and, oftentimes, patients cannot survive delays in the delivery of this care. As the Representative of a rural district, many of my constituents continue to face the consequences of the Drug Enforcement Agency regulations that do not take into account the significant differences between EMS practice and that of other healthcare entities that are covered by the same regulations. H.R. 4365 would ensure that EMS personnel can administer these emergency medications in a timely manner and provide the needed care to patients. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors and supporters. I yield back the balance of my time. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of the bill for bringing this important legislation to the floor. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4365, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONCRETE MASONRY PRODUCTS RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND PROMOTION ACT OF 2015 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 985) to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 985 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’. 
The provisions of this Act applicable to the order shall be applicable to any amendment to the order, except that section 8 shall not apply to an amendment. 
This Act shall not affect or preempt any other Federal or State law authorizing research, education, and promotion relating to concrete masonry products. 
The Secretary may issue such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this Act and the power vested in the Secretary under this Act. 
Funds appropriated to carry out this Act may not be used for the payment of the expenses or expenditures of the Board in administering the order. 
may withdraw and obligate in any fiscal year an amount in the escrow account that does not exceed 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prepare a study and submit to Congress a report examining the appropriateness and effectiveness of applying the commodity checkoff program model (such as those programs established under subchapter II of chapter 101 of title 7, United States Code) to a nonagricultural industry, taking into account the program established by this Act and any other checkoff program involving a nonagricultural industry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. b1500 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act, introduced by Mr. GUTHRIE from Kentucky. H.R. 985 enjoys strong support from industry and has nearly 250 cosponsors. Concrete product manufacturers are local businesses, and this promotion program will be run by the industry and will support jobs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 985. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in support of H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Product Research, Education, and Promotion Act, which establishes a checkoff program to promote concrete masonry products. The bill on the floor today is itself the product of good, bipartisan work in the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee and the full Energy and Commerce Committee. During markup, we adopted changes to make sure the checkoff program runs efficiently, transparently, and accountably. We took into account feedback from the Government Accountability Office based on our experience with previous checkoff programs. We made the program fair for small manufacturers by giving each manufacturer a single vote on the board instead of giving most of the influence to the largest manufacturers. We added a study to explore the feasibility of checkoff programs for other building materials. We have now also ensured that this bill will be budget neutral. Thanks to the bipartisan work of the committee to strengthen this legislation, we were able to advance the bill by voice vote in subcommittee and full committee, and I look forward to passing it on the House floor today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ), the author of the bill. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015, which I was a proud coauthor with Congresswoman KATHY  CASTOR . Because of the nature of concrete products and the difficulty of transporting them, concrete masonry businesses tend to be small, local, and deeply entwined in their communities; and virtually every congressional district is home to at least one. Often, these small businesses do not have the resources needed for research and development of safer and more durable products to use in building construction. H.R. 985 was developed with extensive constituent involvement and is before us today because of the widespread support of the industry in all corners of the country. We wouldn’t be here today if it was not for their support and the bipartisan support of 247 cosponsors. Two dozen similar industries have benefited from similar programs, which allow commodity industries to pool resources for research, education, and promotion of their nonbranded products. You may be familiar with the ‘‘Got Milk?’’ and ‘‘Pork, the Other White Meat’’ campaigns, the result of commodity checkoff programs. These programs, which are enormously helpful to individual industries, require congressional approval. H.R. 985, however, is different from previous checkoff programs. The bill mandates transparency and accountability through many layers of auditing and reporting, as well as giving every producer—no matter their size— an equal vote in the referendum. We have incorporated a number of changes to further improve the bill, including an update from CBO that ensures the bill will result in absolutely no cost to taxpayers. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 985, which will have a positive impact in every congressional district. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the author for explaining so clearly what I was not able to explain; that what this bill does is it makes the program fairer for small manufacturers. Each one of them has a single vote on the board instead of giving most of the influence to the largest manufacturers. So that was an important change. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act, which is 
authored by my good friend and colleague, Representative BRETT GUTHRIE  of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, this bill is the product of years of hard work by Members from both sides of the aisle. I am so glad to see it come before the House today. This legislation presents a unique opportunity for the concrete masonry industry to join together for critical research and education. Not just that, it also empowers the industry to fairly and effectively promote the sale of their products. It will lead to better consumer awareness, higher quality and safer building materials, and more jobs. The best part is that this legislation comes at no cost to the taxpayer. These zerocost opportunities that empower the private sector to come together to do what they do best are just the solutions we need to spur job growth and economic development. I thank Mr. GUTHRIE for his tireless work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it today. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank the bill sponsors, Representative GUTHRIE and Representative CASTOR , for working with us to improve this legislation. I am proud to serve as the ranking Democrat on the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee, which Mr. BURGESS is the chair of. I also want to thank Chairman UPTON  and Ranking Member PALLONE on the full committee and Chairman BURGESS  who serves with me, as I said, on the Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee. This bill is the product of productive negotiations and it reflects the hard work of Members and staff to advance legislation through bipartisan cooperation. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 985. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015, because this bill makes great strides in promoting and supporting the concrete industry to allow for fair market competition. By passing this legislation, we will reduce research and education costs while ensuring our infrastructure projects benefit from costeffective market approaches and additional job growth. Our country’s most productive times were reflected in a robust infrastructure development effort that revolutionized the way we build things. This bill ensures a forwardleaning approach to concrete masonry while doing so without any Federal funding. It creates an environment that encourages members of the industry to work together through a generic education program, training and safety programs, and promotion of the market. This is all done by establishing an assessment rate on each concrete masonry unit sold. I commend my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for their efforts to better the safety and research done in such a vital industry. With this bill, we can move our Nation forward while strengthening our workforce and promoting job growth. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 985, and I commend Congressman GUTHRIE on his hard work and diligence. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 985, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
OUTDOOR RECREATION JOBS AND ECONOMIC IMPACT ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4665) to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4665 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Economic Impact Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4665, the Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Economic Impact Act of 2016. The outdoor recreation industry encompasses activities and sports such as bicycling, camping, hunting, fishing, offroading, and wildlife viewing, and is enjoyed by consumers of all ages, all ethnicities, all income levels. This industry has become a significant engine for economic growth and job creation in the United States. Despite the growing contributions made by the outdoor recreation industry to the United States economy, the industry’s full economic impact has not been measured and not accounted for like other economic sectors. 
H.R. 4665 would ensure that the outdoor recreation economy is measured and is accounted for by the Federal Government as part of the country’s gross domestic product, as it has done for many other economic sectors. The work that is directed to be done by the Department of Commerce, in consultation with other Federal agencies, would not require new employees and would use existing funds within that agency. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4665. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4665, the Outdoor REC Act, recognizes the important contributions of outdoor recreation to our economy. Outdoor recreation provides an estimated 6 million direct jobs, including an estimated 200,000 jobs in my home State of Illinois. It promotes travel and tourism. Ultimately, getting Americans outside to enjoy our Nation’s natural wonders promotes an appreciation for our environment. This bill would build on efforts at the Department of Commerce to understand the economic impact of outdoor recreation by directing a report to Congress, helping inform policy and industry. I want to thank Representatives Beyer, Reichert, Welch, and McMorris Rodgers for their work to advance this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4665, the Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Economic Impact Act of 2016. The REC Act would allow for the first ever economic analysis of the outdoor recreation industry. Over 140 million Americans participate in outdoor activities each year, such as biking, hiking, hunting, fishing, and boating, to name just a few. Studies have shown that outdoor recreation is a driving force in our economy and that the industry is continuing to grow. I have seen this firsthand in my district, which is home to 100 miles of coastline and beaches, a large tourism sector, and endless opportunities to go outside and enjoy our beautiful landscape. Yet, despite the estimated billions in annual consumer spending on outdoor recreation and millions of jobs created, there is a lack of data on the full economic impact of the industry. For instance, there is a large manufacturing component that goes hand in hand with the outdoor recreation industry. Much of the gear and apparel used in outdoor activities is made and sold right here in the United States to the tune of millions of dollars. The REC Act would ensure that this data and the entire outdoor recreation industry is fully studied so that we can make informed policy and business decisions. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4665. b1515 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4665 is indeed a bipartisan bill, which my colleagues Congressman DAVE REICHERT , Congresswoman CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS , Congressman P ETER WELCH , and I introduced. The bill would direct the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Economic Analysis to measure, analyze, and report on the full economic impact attributable to the outdoor recreation economy. In the United States, this economy is a major driver of job creation and growth. Hiking, biking, fishing, hunting, kayaking, climbing, BASE jumping, you name the outdoor sport, it is generating revenue for our country. In northern Virginia, we are blessed with great outdoor opportunities like the W&OD Trail and the Mount Vernon Trail, and we are very excited by the recent development of the Capital Trails Coalition, which is looking at how to foster increased interconnectedness of all the trails in the national capital region. Mr. Speaker, as an avid hiker, this is very personal to me. I am now at 1,435 miles out of the 2,189 miles of the Appalachian Trail, and over those 1,435 miles, I often experience the outdoor economy firsthand with the number of backpacks, sleeping bags, stoves, water filters, diners, small motels, the many, many ways we find to spend money while on the trail. Beyond the recharge of just being outside, I love getting to know the small towns and the forest communities along my hikes from Georgia to Maine. I know that my time spent there puts a lot more tax dollars back into these communities and into the local businesses, boosting the economy. According to an estimate by the Outdoor Industry Association, the outdoor recreation economy generates more than $646 billion in consumer spending and, we have already heard, more than 6 million jobs. Unlike other major sections of the U.S. economy, however, the Federal Government, until this year, did not track the contributions of the outdoor recreation sector to economic growth, and that left policymakers and business leaders in the dark. This data is going to help quantify the economic importance of outdoor recreation and help inform the decisions that affect the businesses and the 142 million Americans who play and work outside each year. We deeply believe that no child should be left inside, and H.R. 4665 will ensure that our policymakers, our decisionmakers have the data to understand how we can best make this part of our economy flourish. I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) for his over 1,000 miles traveled on the trail, so he is clearly an expert on this topic. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4665, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IMPROVING RURAL CALL QUALITY AND RELIABILITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2566) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2566 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2016’’. 
Part II of title II of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to rise today in support of H.R. 2566, the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2016. This bill addresses a serious problem that impacts so many of our rural constituents: telephone calls that are not completed or, if they are, they are of poor quality. The Committee on Energy and Commerce has spent a great deal of time over the past 5 years looking to the future of technology, all the great and innovative things it will bring, all the ways in which it will change lives. While these new and exciting offerings are an important piece of the future, we can’t ignore the very real technological problems that exist today. As we talk about 5G service and the Internet of Everything, let’s not forget that for some folks the big technological advancement they are hoping for is to be actually able to receive all of their voice calls. The problem for rural customers comes when someone tries to call them but something goes wrong. Somewhere in the handoff and the delivery of traffic, calls to rural customers are being dropped or degraded. The caller continues to hear ringing on their end, but the call never makes it to the intended recipient. As our witnesses told us during the committee’s consideration of the bill, this isn’t just an inconvenience for them—it results in lost business or much worse. The simplest explanation for what happens is that the longdistance and voice traffic starts with one provider, who then hands off the call to a third party router, who will ultimately deliver it to the end provider serving the person who is being called. This process is typically seamless, typically high quality, and is typically transparent to the American consumer. However, in rural and hardtoserve areas, it can be expensive to move traffic to remote customers, so the provider who originates the call will look for the least expensive option for delivering the call. In some cases, these leastcost routers simply cut corners to offer the lowest prices, which means that the call can be low quality or not connected at all. This is a national problem affecting all of our constituents. So many of my colleagues shared letters that they received or stories that their constituents shared about how call failure or poor call quality has impacted their businesses or their lives. One of our witnesses operated a telephone company that serves rural customers in Ohio, and he has told us that he has lost customers over call completion issues. When his customers don’t receive their calls, they get angry with him, even though he typically doesn’t have any control over the path that the call must take to get to the network. In fact, he has made major network upgrades to improve his service to his customers, but when his customers miss a call, who do they contact? Not the leastcost router who abandoned the call traffic somewhere along the line. They call the provider or they find a new provider. In his case, he has lost a major business client because of call completion issues despite the fact he had not done anything wrong. The committee also heard from a witness who discussed another very real consequence of a call not going through. When a family tries to reach relatives in a rural area, particularly elderly relatives, they are unable to do so because the calls aren’t completed. Understandably, this causes serious concern to the callers, who often turn to the local police department for help. As a result, the police must take time out of their day to check on the intended call recipient, who is typically fine other than the fact that their phone service is failing them. Today we consider the legislation authored by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). We have an opportunity to make a significant step forward in the fight to ensure that rural customers get the same highquality voice service that others simply take for granted. By requiring the network providers in the middle to adhere to service standards, we also greatly improve the likelihood that calls are delivered to where they are supposed to go. By requiring these intermediate providers to register with the Federal Communications Commission, we deter fraudulent and bad actors that abuse the system and drop or degrade calls. I was very pleased to hear of the strong bipartisan support for this measure, and I am optimistic we can make a big difference in the way rural consumers receive their telephone calls. I do want to thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) for his work on behalf of his constituents and the rural consumers across the country. Reliable access to communications networks is a cornerstone of our telecommunications policy, and this bill takes steps to ensure that every person gets their telephone calls completed. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also rise to support H.R. 2566, the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2016, a bipartisan piece of legislation introduced by Representative DAVID YOUNG and cosponsored by a 
host of people, including members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, Representatives WELCH and LOEBSACK . This bill has a basic goal: ensuring that all Americans’ phone calls go through. Several years ago, the Federal Communications Commission found that telephone customers were having significant problems with call completion in rural areas. Consumers were reporting false busy signals, calls not arriving, or long pauses after dialing the number. This matters not just for rural Americans, but also for people like my constituents in the Chicago area who want to reach loved ones across the country. We need reliable telephone service to keep us all connected. Call completions are often related to intermediate providers, the middleman hired to route calls. H.R. 2566 requires intermediate providers to register with the FCC and comply with service quality standards. This is a very important step to make sure that we can stay connected to one another. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ), the principal author of the bill. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in support of the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act I introduced in a bipartisan manner with my colleague from Vermont, Representative PETER WELCH . Each month as I meet with Iowans in each of the 16 counties making up the great Third District of Iowa, I hear how rural America is struggling. The recent economic downturn has led to people leaving rural areas to seek opportunities elsewhere. In my home State of Iowa, rural communities are working to reverse these trends by attracting new businesses and amenities and opportunities for their residents. Now, communication is key to any business’ success in reaching customers; yet in our rural communities across America, calls are not getting through or the connection and the quality are poor. Telephone companies often rely on intermediate providers to route calls from large networks to local service providers, sometimes to mixed results. But dropped, looped, poorquality calls do not just hurt small businesses and consumers; they also hurt our families in need of emergency assistance and public services. Mr. Speaker, a family facing an emergency must be able to trust they will be able to reach assistance no matter where they live. Improving rural call completion rates and quality is essential to ensuring families in rural America have access to the services and amenities offered in large urban areas. These services are important to ensuring the survival of small towns and granting Americans the choice to live and thrive in whatever community is best for them and their family—rural or urban. H.R. 2566, the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act, would help fix this significant problem facing rural America from dropped, poorquality calls. The bill requires providers to register with the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission, in order to meet quality standards that ensure reliable phone service in rural areas. It also prohibits providers from using intermediary routing services not registered with the Federal Communications Commission. By addressing these problems, Congress can help provide Iowans and others and all Americans in rural communities with reliable phone service to conduct business, respond to emergencies, and live their lives. I thank Chairman UPTON , Ranking Member PALLONE , and the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member ESHOO for their attention to this important matter. Again, I want to thank my colleague from Vermont, Representative PETER  WELCH , for his bipartisan leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bill to help our citizens living in rural America. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2566, the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2016, because it addresses an issue I hear about frequently: call quality in rural areas. b1530 As the Representative for the First District of Georgia, I know the challenges that people living in rural areas face when it comes to the quality of their phone calls. With telecommunications infrastructure being focused in larger and more urban areas, people living in rural parts of the country are often forced to deal with spotty and inconsistent service. This bill makes great strides in shoring up the communications infrastructure in rural areas and encourages great stability with phone services to people living in those areas. This bill will help those who are underserved and will have a positive ripple effect on everything from public services and public safety. Call completion in rural areas has been an issue for years, and with this legislation, the FCC is giving a clear message that we can and will do more for a large population of the United States. I applaud Chairman UPTON , Chairman WALDEN , and the rest of the Energy and Commerce Committee for their continued dedication in shoring up America’s telecommunications needs in a positive and growthoriented manner. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2566, and I commend my good friend, Congressman YOUNG , for his work on this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the authors of this bill for bringing it forward. It is an important concept and one that deserves our attention. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2566, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANTISPOOFING ACT OF 2016 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2669) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2669 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘AntiSpoofing Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2669, the AntiSpoofing Act of 2016. This bill prohibits the malicious use of misleading or inaccurate caller ID information for text messages, addressing the problem of consumers being tricked into providing sensitive information because they are led to believe that a text is being sent from someone it actually isn’t. This is more than a nuisance. Consumers can be targeted with scams, and they can be targeted with malicious activity. The bill seeks to extend the protections of the Truth in Caller ID Act to include text messages. This is the second time that this committee has looked at this legislation that will provide additional protection for consumers, and I am hopeful that this time we will see it successfully land on the President’s desk. As widespread use of text messaging becomes more prevalent, it is important that we ensure consumers do not fall victim to spoofing attacks where bad actors falsify phone numbers, often to trick the recipient into providing personal information. Over the last two Congresses, we have spent a lot of time considering antispoofing legislation. This is, in part, because of the importance of this bill to consumers and the way it impacts them, but also because of the complexity of the issue that we are trying to address. As technology is evolving, it becomes more and more challenging to precisely craft legislation that accurately reflects the way that the technology works. To that end, the committee has worked diligently to come up with language that strengthens this bill and protects consumers without any unintended consequences for messaging services. One witness at the legislative hearing on this bill earlier this year perhaps explained this effort best by saying: The bill addresses a clear, demonstrated problem with carefully drafted provisions that find the often elusive sweet spot between permitting innovation, avoiding undue burden on providers, respecting privacy concerns, and providing for vigorous consumer protection. 
I want to thank the bill’s sponsors, Representative JOEBARTON , Representative LEONARD LANCE , and Representative GRACE MENG for being the champion of consumers and staying the course through multiple Congresses to get this done. I thank the minority for working so closely with us on this bill, and I am confident that we now have a bill that will ensure this legislation captures the state of technology while still protecting consumers from the harmful effects of text message spoofing. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2669, the AntiSpoofing Act, introduced 
by Representative M ENG, along with Representative BARTON of Texas and Representative LANCE of New Jersey. Consumers should have confidence that the caller ID information they see is accurate. However, fraudsters have long targeted consumers, falsifying caller ID numbers to trick consumers into divulging sensitive information. Americans, from young people to senior citizens, are tricked into thinking they are being connected to a trusted institution because of what the caller ID shows. This practice, known as spoofing, contributes to the millions of identity theft cases in our country each year. It is already illegal to use misleading caller ID information for regular voice calls. What this legislation does is expand the ban on deceptive caller ID information to text messages and communication originating overseas. I urge my colleagues to stand up for consumers and strengthen spoofing protection. It is time to pass the Anti Spoofing Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, my thanks to Chairman BURGESS and Ranking Member SCHAKOWSKY for shepherding this bill through the subcommittee. This is an important bill to the consumers of this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2669, the AntiSpoofing Act, which I am proud to offer with my colleagues GRACE MENG, a Democratic Member from the great Borough of Queens in New York State, and JOE BARTON , Republican of Texas, the chairman emeritus of the full House Energy and Commerce Committee. This bill cracks down on the national problem of caller ID spoofing. Caller ID spoofing occurs when a scammer calls and attempts to disguise his or her identity by manipulating the recipient caller’s caller ID display. The scammer may be posing as an IRS agent, a police officer, or a representative from another governmental agency. After tricking people into picking up the line, the criminal then attempts to entice the other person into sharing personal information. To date, hundreds of thousands—might I suggest millions—have been defrauded, including veterans, immigrants, and senior citizens. In Somerset County, New Jersey, a county in which I represent the majority of the residents, scammers cloned the phone number of the Somerset County Sheriff’s Office and impersonated the sheriff’s staff in an effort to steal residents’ personal information. I pay tribute to Sheriff Provenzano of Somerset County, New Jersey. He has been one of the leading advocates across the Nation regarding this legislation. The problem has gotten out of control. Millions of Americans continue to get ripped off by con artists and scammers who perpetrate this despicable crime. This disgraceful practice must end, and this consumer protection legislation goes a long way toward accomplishing that critical goal. The audacity of these criminals is eclipsed only by their ability to adapt to changing technologies. Unfortunately, since Congress passed the Truth in Caller ID Act in 2009—of course, all of us supported that—new technologies have enabled these criminals to scam consumers with increased ease and efficiency. This legislation is one step forward to ensure that governmental policies keep up with new technologies and keep up with these criminals. In the last 2 years since this legislation passed the House of Representatives unanimously, it appears that the problem has gone from one of a simple nuisance to a borderline epidemic. It is time to stop this disgraceful practice, and this legislation is aimed to do that. I believe it is a critical goal. The committee on which we all serve, the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. Speaker, is the most productive in the House of Representatives. More legislation reaches the floor of this House from the Energy and Commerce Committee than any other committee in the House of Representatives, and more legislation reaches the President’s desk from our committee than any other committee in either House of the Federal Congress. We on the committee, and certainly on the subcommittee chaired by Dr. BURGESS , work in a bipartisan capacity. And I am so proud of this subcommittee and of the full committee. The American people want us to work together on the critical issues that confront the Nation, including the issue we are discussing now: ID spoofing. That is why I predict that this legislation will pass unanimously here and why I predict that this legislation will reach the President’s desk 2.2 miles west down Pennsylvania Avenue. I want to thank those in the administration who support this legislation. I want to thank all of the members of the subcommittee and all of the members of the full Energy and Commerce Committee. I am confident that this legislation is in the best interest of the consuming public of the United States. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from the great State of New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) for his leadership on this important consumer protection legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2669, the AntiSpoofing Act of 2016, because it addresses the issue of call spoofing and the impact that these deceitful callers are having on Americans. Every day, millions of Americans are hit with calls using a fraudulent caller ID profile and with impersonators on the other end of the line. These con artists disguise their real numbers in an effort to convince unsuspecting victims that they are a representative from a government agency, financial company, healthcare system, or other organizations that may request information or contact someone. For example, a common call is someone saying they are calling from the IRS and are seeking personally identifiable information or money as a result of it. This has got to stop. Representatives MENG, BARTON , and LANCE have introduced this legislation to improve the Truth in Caller ID Act and to prevent those criminals from further victimizing hardworking Americans. We have a real opportunity to combat this growing tactic and protect those in our communities who are the most vulnerable. I applaud the Energy and Commerce Committee for their continued efforts to protect Americans from criminal behavior and in updating such important policy measures. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2669 because we have an opportunity to fix a growing problem in our country. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that we are considering this today, and I hope the Senate will quickly do that for this important consumer protection legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, you have heard the testimony from a number of Members testifying on this bill. It is important work. It is important that it get done. It is important that it get completed and down to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, we have done a number of bills this afternoon, and I do want to just thank the Energy and Commerce Committee both on the minority and majority side and all of the subcommittee staff that were involved in preparing these bills and getting them ready for this afternoon’s consideration. It has indeed been an impressive body of work that has come through the Energy and Commerce Committee today. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill we have before us. I urge Members to vote ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2669, the ‘‘AntiSpoofing Act of 2015’’. I am honored to have authored this bill with Congressman BARTON and Congressman LANCE , and thank Amy Murphy and Ryan 
Farrell of their respective staffs for working so closely with mine—particularly my former Legislative Director, Michael Fleischman, who first brought this problem to my attention. This legislation seeks to combat ‘‘spoofing’’, which is when phone call recipients are tricked into answering the phone due to inaccurate caller ID information. Criminals have used this technique to scam thousands of Americans, and steal millions of dollars. Recent spoofing attempts have included scam artists pretending to be sheriff’s offices, hospitals, and even the IRS. The bill before us this evening expands spoofing protections to calls that originate outside of the country, as well as text messages. It is often stated that a measure of a society is how it treats its most vulnerable. Almost every day, I receive new reports of spoofing that harm the most vulnerable in my district, including immigrants, seniors, veterans, and those in need of help from law enforcement. That is why this legislation is endorsed by senior citizen, law enforcement, and consumer protection groups. The ‘‘AntiSpoofing Act of 2015’’ is a bipartisan bill. It passed the Energy and Commerce Committee by voice vote less than two months ago, and in the 113th Congress H.R. 3670, the ‘‘AntiSpoofing Act of 2014’’ passed the House by voice vote under suspension of the rules. It is my hope that this bill will continue to be noncontroversial, and that we will do everything in our power to combat telephone scams against our constituents. In closing, I wish to thank Representatives BURGESS and S CHAKOWSKY for their support this afternoon, as well as Energy and Commerce Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member PALLONE . Without their support, as well as the support of Communications and Technology Subcommittee Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member ESHOO , we would not be here today. I urge the Senate to quickly take up this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues in this Chamber to support it once more. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2669, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentlewoman from Hawaii, the Honorable COLLEEN HANABUSA , be permitted to take the oath of office today. Her certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to her election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Hawaii? There was no objection. 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE JAMES COMER, OF KENTUCKY, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Kentucky, the Honorable JAMES COMER , be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE DWIGHT EVANS, OF PENNSYLVANIA, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the Honorable DWIGHT EVANS , be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no 
question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
SWEARING IN OF MEMBERSELECT The SPEAKER. Will the Representativeselect please present themselves in the well. Ms. HANABUSA of Hawaii, Mr. COMER of Kentucky, and Mr. EVANS of Pennsylvania appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations. You are now Members of the 114th Congress. 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE COLLEEN HANABUSA TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to personally congratulate and welcome back to Congress my colleague from Hawaii, COLLEEN  HANABUSA , as she is sworn in to the 114th Congress today to fill the remaining term of our dear friend MARK TAKAI. COLLEEN has a decadeslong history of service to the people of Hawaii. As a respected labor lawyer, COLLEEN was first elected to represent the leeward coast of Oahu in the Hawaii State Senate in 1998, where she served as the chairwoman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, majority leader, and eventually became the first female Senate president. She was elected to serve Hawaii’s First Congressional District in 2010, serving in both the 112th and 113th Congress. Most recently, COLLEEN served the community in many different capacities, including as the board chairwoman for the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation, overseeing the multibillion dollar rail project on the island of Oahu. I had the pleasure of serving with COLLEEN during my first term in Congress, where we worked together to ensure Hawaii’s voice was heard here in Washington, and I look forward to continuing that work to address the many important issues that lie before us to serve Hawaii once again. Congratulations, COLLEEN , and welcome back. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ). b1900 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Minority Leader and, of course, my colleague from the Second Congressional District of the wonderful State of Hawaii. Being here today among all of you, many of you welcoming me so warmly, is bittersweet. I am here because our good colleague and friend, Mark Takai, unfortunately, passed just too early. However, before he passed, he asked that I seek the election of my old seat again so that we can continue to do the work for the people of the State of Hawaii, and it is an honor to be here and to do that. I can’t end without saying I came in 2010, when we were the noble nine. My noble nine colleagues are here. I can’t tell you how important it is for me to see them again. That is what it is all about: everyone in Congress. It is the relationships that we build, and it is the friendships that are there forever and ever. That is what makes this, the people’s House, the greatest institution around. So, as we say in Hawaii, mahalo for this wonderful opportunity to serve with all of you again. Mahalo and aloha. f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE JAMES COMER TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, the Kentucky delegation and I have the distinct honor and great personal pleasure of introducing you to the newest First District Congressman in the U.S. Congress from Kentucky, JAMIE COMER . JAMIE, but for the loss in the primary last year in the Governor’s race by 93 votes, would be tonight sitting as the Governor of Kentucky. But their loss is our gain. He is bright. He is committed. He will be a great asset for this body, for the country, and for his home State. JAMIE started a family farm after college. He served 11 years in the State legislature. He then served statewide as the elected agriculture commissioner, where he quickly got a reputation as the mortal enemy of waste, fraud, and abuse, and was a great success in that role. But his resume only tells you half the story. He has got strong family values. That is obvious because his 9year old son, Harlan, and his beautiful daughter are here with him on the floor this evening. In fact, Harlan’s namesake, JAMIE’s grandfather, was a very close friend of mine. In fact, Harlan Comer was with us in this very Chamber when President Reagan delivered his final State of the Union address, and I was proud to call Harlan, Sr., a friend. I am proud to call JAMIE a colleague. He will be a great asset to this body. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Third District of Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ). Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I am very happy to have won the arm wrestling match among Kentucky Democrats to welcome JAMIE COMER to the House tonight. JAMIE and I have worked together on a number of issues through the years, and I can say without hesitation that, no matter what the issue is, JAMIE will work to put Kentucky interests and the interests of his citizens and constituents first. So I am proud to welcome him to the House of Representatives and look forward to working with him to move the Commonwealth and the country forward. Welcome, JAMIE COMER . Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ). The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the dean of the majority party, the minority party, and the great State of Kentucky. I want to begin by recognizing my guests from Kentucky. They are on each side of the gallery here today. I thank them for their support and friendship over the years and for making the long drive to D.C. tonight. Next, I want to recognize my lovely wife, T.J., in the gallery and my daughter, Aniston. I am also blessed to have my two oldest children, Reagan and Harlan, here today. It is the honor of a lifetime to join membership in this great legislative body, the greatest in the history of the world. Yet, at this particular time that I speak to this historic body, our Nation is deeply divided. We need statesmen. I pledge to be a statesman who wants to get things done. I will work with any Member of this body to try to accomplish things, especially to create an environment where every American can have access to a goodpaying job. I pledge to be a strong voice for rural Kentucky, rural America, and family farmers. Thank you so much for this opportunity. I thank the people of the great State of Kentucky. And I believe with all my heart that we can work together and make America great again. Thank you all very much. 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE DWIGHT EVANS TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would invite all of the Pennsylvania delegation to come forward. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to welcome our newest colleague. DWIGHT  
EVANS is a lifelong resident of Philadelphia, and he comes to the House after decades of service to his community and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. After graduating from La Salle University, he taught school and worked as a community activist before he was elected to the Pennsylvania State Legislature in 1980. He has represented the 203rd legislative district in Pennsylvania’s House of Representatives for the last 36 years and was chairman of the Appropriations Committee in that body. Representative EVANS has worked successfully to redevelop and revitalize neighborhoods in Philadelphia. He has worked tirelessly to fight hunger, increase public investments in education, improve public safety, and promote economic development across Pennsylvania. I am pleased to welcome such a dedicated public servant to this legislative body. I look forward to working with him and our colleagues in the Pennsylvania delegation to serve the Commonwealth in this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS), my good friend who is the dean of the Pennsylvania Republican delegation. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to congratulate and welcome my good friend, DWIGHT EVANS , to the floor of the House. Before I served here in Congress for the last 20 years, I served in the statehouse of Pennsylvania for 24 years. In the last 8 years of my service in the Pennsylvania Legislature, I was the appropriations chairman. All 8 of those years, DWIGHT EVANS was my ranking member. I served with him and worked with him very well. We worked in a bipartisan manner to accomplish a lot of things. And so this is a little bittersweet for me. I won’t get to serve with DWIGHT  here in Congress. I will miss that. I am sorry about that. I am sure he will be a good voice, an eloquent voice for the people of Philadelphia, and will be someone who will want to work in a bipartisan manner concerning the issues that face our country. With that, I am very pleased to yield to the gentleman from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank my colleagues from the Pennsylvania delegation, and I want to thank the leader, Congressman DOYLE , as well as my good friend, Chairman PITTS. As I am prepared to take this congressional seat, I want to share with you one overriding sentiment that has held true for me in the course of working with six mayors, seven Governors, and eleven State House speakers and the everchanging cast of elected officials. The best work that we did, we did together. In each case, the people won. I understand our differences. I am not naive. But I know that when we put aside those differences, when we listen to each other, we make great strides. The stakes are often high in a democracy, and it demands robust debate. And the fact of the matter is that we must work together. I understand that, before any party or State, we are Americans first. Democracy demands that we commit to listening to one another, even on days when we want to shout over each other. Democracy demands we don’t win as individuals or as a party. It demands that we win as the people. I am humbled that the voters in the Second Congressional District have elected me to this seat. I pledge to remind myself each day that it belongs to the people. I believe that, by keeping this in mind, the people will win. This is really an honor, and I say to all of you that this is an absolute pleasure. I have told people that, although I may be new to this process, I am not new to working together. As you just heard from Mr. DOYLE  and Mr. PITTS, in the 36 years that I was in the legislature, I worked with everyone. At the end of the day, I tried to make a difference. I want to come here and do the same thing. Believe it. I want to be on the people’s side. Thank you very much. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, many Americans woke up today and after the elections under a cloud of fear and anxiety. There are children who, for perhaps the first time in their lives, are wondering if this country welcomes and respects them. I rise today to remind my colleagues, the incoming administration, and the American people that millions of our veterans and servicemembers have made incredible sacrifices in defense of a single powerful idea: no matter where you come from, what you believe, or who you love, you deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. On Veterans Day, we expressed our enduring gratitude to those men and women—Latinos and Muslims, Christians and Jews, African Americans and all others—who put on the uniform to defend that idea. But our words are not enough. We must honor their service by protecting the rights and freedoms of every American, and we must keep our pledge to promote liberty and justice for all. Thank you again to all our veterans. We will honor your service. f 
VETERANS DAY 2016 (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend our Nation celebrated Veterans Day, a day to recognize and thank those who selflessly serve in the face of danger to protect our Nation and our way of life. Throughout history, beginning with the Revolutionary War, our veterans have earned and protected the freedom which we often take for granted. Originally established as Armistice Day in 1919, November 11 was renamed Veterans Day in 1954 in order to include the many Americans who honorably served during World War II and in Korea. Today, we continue that tradition and honor the dedication, the service, and the sacrifices that our veterans made in World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and, more recently, in Iraq and Afghanistan. Our soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, and Coast Guard will continue this legacy of service to protect our country, and they deserve our utmost respect. God bless our veterans, and thank you for your service. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF DEPUTY JACK HOPKINS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as the House reconvenes and gets back to business, we are reminded that public safety is a 24hour business. I rise tonight, sadly, in memoriam of Deputy Jack Hopkins of Modoc County 
in northeastern California. He was killed in the line of duty while responding to an early morning call. When I heard of this tragic killing, I was stunned for many reasons, part of which, Modoc County is a very quiet, rural place, about as far as you can go in California and still be in California. It just doesn’t seem like the place to keep adding to the story of our officers being killed in the line of duty all over this country. Deputy Hopkins began working with the Sheriff’s Office in 2015, and previously had worked for the Alturas Police Department in Modoc County. He was born in Livermore, California, named after his grandfather, who was the first mayor of Rolling Hills Estates. He grew up in Montague, which is in neighboring Siskiyou County, with his five siblings: Samuel, Christina, Amanda, Josh, and David Cooksey. Also, he is survived by his parents, Lance and Carol; his grandmother, Twila; his wife, Janet; and three children. He attended Butte College, my alma mater, in their Law Enforcement Academy, along with his brother Sam. Hopkins also earned a black belt in karate and won a world championship title in 2011. He is honored by hundreds of law enforcement and emergency personnel, local residents, and many, many others who recognized his sacrifice in a procession from Alturas to Reading, and then another one from Reading up to his final resting place in the Yreka area in Siskiyou County. What this points out is that our sheriffs and our officers in rural areas often patrol hundreds of miles alone, with the closest backup, at times, maybe even being hours away. Indeed, a lot of times they are working alone. In memory of Deputy Jack Hopkins, we need to do much better as a country in supporting them and stop this rhetoric that is against our officers. God bless him. God bless his fine family. 
HONORING OUR VETERANS ON VETERANS DAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on Veterans Day, I was pleased to join my many friends and colleagues honoring our veterans, our soldiers, and their families. We stood in front of the Houston City Hall with many, many veterans and their families, local elected officials and Members of Congress, United States Senate, and many, many soldiers and veterans. And we simply said thank you, thank you to them for putting on the uniform. A number of us mentioned that it was only days away from a contentious election, and I specifically said how grateful I am that I live in a nation that allows a contentious election but yet to have the right to peacefully transfer power. Let me also take note of some of the seismic changes that we faced in Texas. I am excited about the newly elected officials in Harris County, the new district attorney, the new sheriff, tax assessor, the new judges that will come, all of them elected by the people. To my community, from Dallas to San Antonio, Galveston and Beaumont, with a new sheriff, the first African American woman, I say that this is democracy. In an hour or two, I will discuss some of the elements that undermined democracy. But I celebrate our soldiers, Mr. Speaker. I honor them for wearing the uniform to give me a sense of freedom and to allow democracy to work. f 
b1930 UNFINISHED BUSINESS: CBC TO REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP—DO YOUR JOB The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BLUM). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add any extraneous materials relevant to the subject matter of the discussion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening along with my coanchor of the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour, with my classmate and my colleague, Congressman HAKEEM  JEFFRIES from the Eighth District of New York. It is an honor for me to stand here and be a coanchor with him. Tonight’s topic, Mr. Speaker, is the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour entitled ‘‘Unfinished Business: Congressional Black Caucus to Our Republican Leadership—Do Your Job.’’ As the Congressional Black Caucus comes to the House floor this evening as voices to be heard on unfinished congressional business, let me pause for a moment first to pay respect to Gwen Ifill, who passed away earlier today. Ms. Ifill, an awardwinning television journalist for NBC and PBS, helped pave the way for both women and men and African Americans in the field of journalism. Her voice will be missed. Her voice was a voice that we listened to as members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, today, the House of Representatives returned for the first day of the lameduck session of the 114th Congress. As the conscience of the Congress, the Congressional Black Caucus is committed to advocating for change to policies that adversely impact African American communities. Yet, Mr. Speaker, over the past 2 years, the 114th Congress has been highly unproductive, passing one partisan bill after another, which then languishes with no chance of being passed by the Senate or being signed into law by President Obama. In fact, as of November 2 of this year, only 244 bills have been signed into law, and only 20 of those bills have been significant pieces of legislation. The American people really deserve more from their elected representatives. But the 114th Congress is not over, and we should use the remaining time wisely. The list of legislative items that this House should consider before going home for the year is robust—legislation to fully fund the government’s fiscal year 2017 for one. The American people deserve a fully funded government that invests resources in people, reduces poverty, and safeguards the social safety net programs. We are currently operating under a continuing resolution, Mr. Speaker, as you know, through December 9. While the current funding mechanism has been keeping the Federal Government doors open, it fails to fully recognize the importance of investment in programs which would benefit not just a few, but all Americans. In addition to the omnibus, we should bring to the floor legislation providing reform for the criminal justice system, voting rights, and gun violence prevention, just to name a few. You are going to hear from several members of the Congressional Black Caucus who have spent an inordinate amount of time crafting legislation, sitting in their committees, and going back home to their district and making promises that the American people are asking for. Mr. Speaker, we have the opportunity starting today to use the last few weeks of the 114th Congress in a productive way to stand up for the constituents and to pass bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, how many times have we been in this Chamber and someone in that chair has said that we are going to work together for the good of the country or our constituents? That is what our constituents expect us to do. So let me just briefly take a moment to remind you, Mr. Speaker, why it is so important that we have a fully funded Federal Government and provide funding for critical programs—critical programs—like those that address ethnic and racial health disparities by improving diversity in the healthcare workforce and increasing the number of health professions in underserved communities, for example. Mr. Speaker, we have my colleague and friend who has served as our Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust chair, Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY , who is with us today and has fought tirelessly for health care. 
You are going to hear from her tonight. It is well known that poverty and social economic status and health disparities are closely linked and latched together. Many of these gaps are shaped by generations of cultural biases, injustices, and inequality. In the words of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ Mr. Speaker, for years, I have had the honor of serving on the American Heart Association Board where researchers have shared the alarming statistics of how African Americans are 30 percent more likely to die of heart disease and 60 percent more likely to be diabetic than white Americans. The cost of these types of health disparities is simply too high. Estimates indicate that health disparities cost our Nation as much as $300 billion a year, which results in too many Americans suffering unnecessarily because they do not have access to the care they need. Statistics such as these illustrate the increased need to address healthcare disparities by continued investment in Federal programs such as the Office of Minority Health at the Department of Health and Human Services and the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities at NIH. We cannot shortchange these important Federal programs by putting them in neutral or on pause, Mr. Speaker. We must enact a fully funded omnibus spending bill for fiscal year 2017 before leaving Washington—a real simple request of doing your job. This has to stop, Mr. Speaker. I am privileged to be joined this evening by so many members of the Congressional Black Caucus. I am joined by my coanchor, as I mentioned, and you will hear from him shortly. At this time, it gives me great pleasure to have the privilege of yielding to Congressman G.K. BUTTERFIELD . He is the Congressional Black Caucus chair from the First District of North Carolina. He is someone whose history and past leadership in fighting for justice and against disparities are far too long for me to appropriately say tonight. So, Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield to Congressman G.K. BUTTERFIELD . Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Let me begin, Mr. Speaker, by thanking the gentlewoman so very much for yielding time tonight. I thank the gentlewoman for her friendship. Most of all, I thank the gentlewoman for her extraordinary leadership here in the Congress. I have been observing the gentlewoman’s work since the first day that she came to this House, and I can tell my colleagues that she has worked relentlessly on behalf of the people of the Third Congressional District of Ohio. I thank the gentlewoman for anchoring this Special Order hour tonight. Mr. Speaker, before I get into the other part of my remarks tonight, I just want to digress for a moment to recognize a great American that we lost today. I recognize the life and legacy of a dear friend, a friend of the Congressional Black Caucus and a personal friend of mine, Gwen Ifill. She was one of the Nation’s leading journalists, regarded as one of the most prominent African American journalists in the country, and indeed a prominent journalist among all journalists. Mrs. Ifill began her career in the 1970s during a time when there were very few African Americans and very few females in journalism. Gwen was a trailblazer in her profession. She was a bestselling author and moderator of two vice presidential debates. Gwen Ifill was among the Nation’s finest political correspondents as she was gracious and poised when addressing some of the most pressing issues facing our country. Her voice will be missed in the media, but her legacy—her legacy— will continue to have a lasting impact on how we view news broadcasts. We offer our sincere condolences to Ms. Ifill’s family, her friends, her followers, and colleagues all around the world. Mr. Speaker, we are at a crossroads right now in our great country. That is undisputable. But I want my colleagues to know that the Congressional Black Caucus is up for the challenge. The CBC is poised in the 115th Congress to have a record number of 49 Members of Congress. Currently we have 46. Their number will go to 49. The CBC vows to continue to be the voice of our communities, representing more than 30 million Americans. We will continue to have conversations in all of our communities, and we will zealously represent our constituents. We will stand strong as a caucus. We will stand strong against any Republican effort to reverse the progress that we have made over the past few decades. We are facing some tough times ahead, Mr. Speaker, but we are going to continue to be clear on our priorities. We are going to continue to talk emphatically about promoting economic growth that will create jobs and stability in our communities. We are going to continue to talk about the need—the critical need—for criminal justice reform. We will continue to debate and talk about and to legislate on creating educational opportunities and reducing student debt. Don’t you think that we have forgotten about the Voting Rights Act. We will continue fighting for the full restoration of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, this was the first election that we have had without the protection—the full protection at least—of the 1965 Voting Rights Act since it was implemented. Finally, we are going to continue to ensure diversity in the corporate arena, the workforce, and even in classrooms. Mr. Speaker, there are peaceful protests taking place in many communities across America. b1945 As I drove into Washington, D.C. this afternoon, I even saw some here in Washington. We understand the protests, we understand the pain, and we understand the pain in all of our communities due to the negativity and the division that they have seen over the last 12 months. We say to House Republicans that our communities are reeling with discontent and you need to understand this discontent. Now is the time to take up legislation that will help to lift those around the country that need us desperately to act. We have unfinished business presently before this Congress. Let us act and let us move legislation that will help those that need our voices the most. Mr. Speaker, we have the capacity to do this. Congresses in past years have worked in a bipartisan manner, and they have succeeded. We can do the same. We must work together as Democrats and Republicans on behalf of the American people. Compromise, Mr. Speaker, is not a bad word. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman BUTTERFIELD not only for his words but for his leadership as our chair of the Congressional Black Caucus. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), another member of the Congressional Black Caucus, who stands strong and sure footed with us as we talk about our unfinished business, a member who has no problem coming to the mic and sharing her intellect and giving us a direction of where we should go. It is, indeed, my honor to yield to Congresswoman SHEILAJACKSON LEE, a leader on criminal justice reform and judiciary issues, from Texas’ 18th Congressional District. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) for her leadership and dynamic message she gave this morning when we were discussing in the district and the area of our colleague Congressman HANK JOHNSON and J OHN LEWIS the issue of economic empowerment and economic empowerment as it relates to women, and particularly women of color. Let me thank the gentlewoman for that, and as well for leading today, along with Mr. HAKEEM  JEFFRIES of New York, this very important Special Order of unfinished business. Let me say that all of us, and you will hear certainly this repetitive refrain, have been challenged in this last election. Now, let me be very clear for those of our colleagues who may be listening or those who may be hearing, I am by no means whining. What I do speak to, of course, however, is, and will be over a period of time, whether or not there were fractures in the Democratic process that were driven not by candidates, for candidates can say and do, as much as you may be offended by them saying or doing, but whether or not there were actually systems that undermined the voting process. Starting first, of course, with the Supreme Court’s extinguishing of section 5 of the Voting Rights Act and the 
long, how should I say, journey of members of the Congressional Black Caucus and the Democratic Caucus and others of goodwill to restore section 5 or, in essence, a fix to section 5, and the long period of time that we had, Congresswoman BEATTY , to fix it, but it never got fixed before the election, which means that there are a number of jurisdictions that face a high mountain of trying to be able to vote. People were purged off of lists in a number of States. Individuals, unfortunately, had challenges with respect to what local officials may have been doing. We will get all of this out in the wash, but we would have been much better off if we had section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. In my own jurisdiction, even though it ultimately was fixed under the auspices of they were not ADA compliant, we consolidated and closed a lot of precincts that we had to correct because on election day people were going to their home precincts and they didn’t exist. So clearly fixing section 5, fixing the Voting Rights Act, is not unfinished business. It is a requirement. It is adamantly necessary to do. Let me quickly say that we only did one out of the 12 appropriations bills, so Agriculture is not done, CommerceJustice is not done, Defense, Energy and Water, Financial Services. All of these impact the lives of Americans. We are still in the dilemma of the Flint water crisis. We have gone to Flint. We as members of the Congressional Black Caucus have spoken to those people who are hurting. They have various ailments—one woman with a rash, hair loss, children with cognitive issues—and we have still not resolved that. Protecting children with disabilities, access to public education. My State alone has been an embarrassment for they were only providing for 7 to 8 percent of children with disabilities as opposed to the national average of 13 to 14 percent. We need to make sure that we ensure that those children are protected under Federal law. My State says they are immediately stopping the capping, but I prefer that we have it institutionalized into law and make sure it works. Immigration reform. We have to worry about the DACA young people who are working in our economy and now with the potential that they may be on the deportation list. Funding for the Louisiana flooding is crucial, whether those dollars have gotten—after our colleague, Congressman RICHMOND , worked so hard and told us of the trillions of dollars of flooding that occurred in his constituency. They need help, and we must get them help. Funding for the damage caused by Hurricane Matthew. That is, of course, in Princeville, North Carolina, areas that I remember going to with my colleague, the Honorable G.K. BUTTERFIELD , the great chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, and, nonetheless, improving cybersecurity of the Nation’s critical infrastructure. I finish on this point, and that is on criminal justice, which I know a number of members will speak of. As the ranking member on the Criminal Justice Committee, I want to thank all of the many members who have offered legislation and thank the members on the Judiciary Committee, particularly under the leadership of JOHNCONYERS  and certainly those who have worked with the chairman. We must pass police reform and accountability, the law enforcement trust and integrity bill. We must pass the sentencing reduction bill that will codify some of the work that needs to be done, prison reform that will turn prisons into true institutions of rehabilitation, and also a new matrix in juvenile justice to stop punishing our young people, but to provide a corrective rehabilitative approach, which is reauthorization of the juvenile block grant legislation, along with antibullying and bullying intervention. We must do these things because the American people have sent us here to do our job. We must do these things because they are right. We must do these things because the American people need this legislation. We must simply do these things because, Mr. Speaker, we must do our job. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor to yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ), from New York’s Fifth Congressional District. There are so many things that I could say about him. I am honored that I serve with him on the Financial Services Committee. I am honored that he is a soldier in the battle. When I think of some of the words that President Barack Obama said, it reminds me of Congressman MEEKS when President Obama said, ‘‘Justice is not only the absence of oppression, it is the presence of opportunity.’’ Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus is often called the conscience of the Congress—the conscience of the Congress. They don’t say we are just the conscience of Black people. They don’t say we are just the conscience of some people. We say that we are the conscience of the entire Congress because we want to work to help all of Americans, particularly the least of these. Many of us run around and we talk about our various religious beliefs. And no matter what your religious belief is, it teaches us that we need to take care of those who do not have. So we are here in what we call the people’s House, and one of the things that we should make sure that happens with the people’s House taking the lead is that we end poverty. Poverty does not discriminate. Poverty does not look at which section of the country you are in or what religion you have. You can find poverty in rural America and urban America. We should be here to do our jobs to help all Americans. When, in fact, you have individuals who are still drinking bottled water, we need to pass a water resources bill, not only for a small section of individuals but for everyone. Because when we look at what is taking place now, we see and we are finding—we even found it right here in the United States Capital—a problem with water. Water equals life, and everybody’s life is important. Why we have got to pass this budget is so that we can make sure that everybody has certainty that they receive the items that they need. What are the most basic needs of any human being? You cannot live without health care. So we have got to continue to make sure that we are providing for health care. I know some were talking about eliminating ObamaCare, but 20 million Americans who did not have any health care at all now for the first time in their lives have the same or have access to health care. We cannot end that. Education. We know today that education is more important than ever before. We must pass this budget that has education at its core to make sure that every American has a chance to live up to her or his dreams. Criminal justice reform. We have got to make sure that it is fair and equitable for everyone. When you think about this budget, stability is important. The government relies on stability. We must fund the government so that we don’t have shortterm uncertainty. We have got to take care of our military. We have got to take care of emergencies like storms that hit my district. We are still recovering from Sandy. There must be stability in the budget and not these shortterm things that we continue to do so our country can move and prosper. So let’s stay and do the job that the American people have elected us to do. Let us understand, even though this election, that there has to be, as Chairman BUTTERFIELD said, compromise because the majority of the American people voted one way, the electoral college had another decision, which means that we have got to all work together to move this country forward. We can do that, and we will be stronger doing that together. So I want to thank Congresswoman BEATTY for engineering this evening because we must meet with our voices louder. We know the members of the Congressional Black Caucus will talk loudly and clearly to make sure that we represent the people that vote for us every 2 years, but we know that we are the conscience of the Congress and that we have a responsibility to the American people. And I say to my Republican friends, you too have a responsibility, and that responsibility is to come and let’s pass this budget so that we can keep this government moving and keep it stable moving forward. We can do that because this Congress is stronger if we work together. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman GREG MEEKS for lending 
his voice to tonight’s Special Order hour. b2000 It is now my honor to ask Congressman DONALD PAYNE from New Jersey to come and lend his voice tonight. He is someone who brings a message to us. He is someone who advocates for our financial needs; he advocates for our children; he is a father; he is a husband; and he is someone who understands, in the time that we are having now, the value of quality education and the value of removing our children from poverty because he understands that all lives matter. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for this opportunity to speak during this Special Order hour and to also thank my other classmate, the Honorable HAKEEM JEFFRIES from New York, for this opportunity to speak at this time on unfinished business. Mr. Speaker, it has been my great honor to represent the 10th Congressional District of the State of New Jersey for the past two Congresses, and I have seen a great deal of angst. I have seen some accomplishment, but not as much as the American people are due. We come here week after week. We get here on Monday nights, like tonight. We come in and meet with our staffs, and then we are told of the proposed votes that we have that evening. On most nights, it is two. Now, I understand it is a night of travel and of making sure all Members have the opportunity to get here; but what does it say about Tuesday when there could possibly be two or about Wednesday morning when there will only be two votes? There is unfinished business, Mr. Speaker, in the House of Representatives. There are so many issues that we could discuss, and I think they are all being hit by my colleagues. Zika is a frightening prospect for this Nation in its moving forward. Yet and still we are unable to get the level of funding that the President has asked for to try to understand and stop this disease, to do the research needed to figure out what is going on or how to prevent it. We just go home for recess. Not until it enters the continental United States or certain Members’ States will they take it seriously. There is the whole issue around gun control, of commonsense gun legislation—unfinished business. My colleague Mr. MEEKS spoke about the issue of water, the most basic necessity of life. We traveled to Flint as the Congressional Black Caucus, along with Leader PELOSI and Mr. H OYER . We talked to that community about what they were going through, about how they didn’t know who to trust anymore because their elected officials had misled them to believe that something with a brown discoloring was drinkable. We found out, Mr. Speaker, that it was not drinkable. In fact, it was poisonous. How do we do that to American citizens? We are given the obligation to stand in the gap for them, to make sure that we take care of them at every turn; but yet and still, because it was cheaper to use another water source, it was done to these people. I traveled back to my district in Newark, New Jersey, and I talked to several mayors in my district. I said: You know what I saw in Flint? You need to pay attention to what is going on with your water source. That was on a Friday evening. By Tuesday morning, they had found lead in 88 schools in Newark, New Jersey, so they had to switch over to bottled water. The testing continued, and more schools were involved. I created legislation for testing for lead in school systems around the country, because it is not legislated anywhere in the country to test for lead in school systems. I moved forward on that legislation, but one wouldn’t know it because the majority wouldn’t allow it to hit the floor. So here we are, going back to our offices in the Cannon House Office Building, frustrated with this issue in our knowing that it is just going to continue to grow. Lo and behold, 5 months after my legislation is suggested, we find there is lead in the water in the Cannon House Office Building, where the Members of Congress’ offices are; so now there is bottled water, and water fountains have been sealed off. This is something that we need to understand, that needs to be addressed— unfinished business. I could just go on and on and on. Mr. Speaker, we will continue to raise these issues for as long as it takes. We are part of this body, and we are not going anywhere. Our voices will be heard on the unfinished business of this House. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank so much the gentleman—my classmate and colleague—from New Jersey’s 10th Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, it is, indeed, my honor to yield to Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY from the Second District of Illinois. We have heard that common creed that says, ‘‘I am my brother’s keeper.’’ She is my sister’s keeper. When I think about her work, I am always so happy because I admire her. I remember the day that she sat down when we stood up. She reminds me of what Rosa Parks did in 1955 when she decided, if she sat down, it would start a movement. ROBIN KELLY sat down on the House floor because she said we should do more than just stand up when someone loses his life to gun violence. So it is, indeed, a great honor for me to yield to Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY . Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank Congresswoman BEATTY and Congressman JEFFRIES because they have held it down for a long time now and have made us proud to be members of the Congressional Black Caucus because of how they present themselves in the Special Order hours and how they have taken on the responsibility. I thank both of them so very much. When I think about unfinished business, one knows where I am going. I think about the gun violence that is still occurring in, what I represent, the Chicagoland area. We are up to 618 deaths and 3,273 shootings. Now, I don’t know about today, because it is occurring every day. I know it is not just about the legislation, but we do need background checks; we do need a national straw purchasing bill and bills that pass; we need gun trafficking bills. We need to improve, as you have heard, policecommunity relations, but we also need to invest in people. We need to invest in underserved communities: we need to make sure that people have decent housing, decent educations, that they get the job skills they need so that they can have jobs. There are too many who are still unemployed, and that is why the violence occurs. We need more mentors. I have a bill like my past colleague just said, the Urban Progress bill. The bill was presented, but it never went anywhere, which was just like the background check bill. It is a bipartisan bill—190 cosponsors—but the bill never gets called to the floor. We have spent time—I believe 68 times—in trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but we have never sat down to see: What are the problems? Where do you think it should be improved? No. We just tried to repeal everything. There are great things about that bill. There are so many more people covered who would not have been covered. I am the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus’ Health Braintrust. African Americans die from 8 of the top 10 diseases, and that is because of a lack of access to places. The Affordable Care Act has definitely helped in that arena, but we need to do more. We need to send funding to NIH, and we can do more. We are the wealthiest country in the world, yet we have the amount of homelessness we have and the amount of violence we have. We have a lack of affordable college education. Our students are suffering. They cannot live the American Dream because we are not doing the right thing in Congress— so much unfinished business. We talk about people pulling themselves up by the bootstraps, but they have to have the straps on the boots to be able to pull themselves up. It seems like we don’t have the American heart, that we don’t have the caring. Immigration—there was a bill we could have passed in the House, but we just don’t call the bills to the floor. We are just, really, ignoring so many things, and I don’t see how we could feel proud when we go back to our districts when there are so many things that we haven’t done. I hope in this, as we call it, lameduck session it is not too late and we can call some of these bills to the floor. We can save lives by calling bills to the floor. In Flint, they can drink clean, quality water if we do what we are supposed to do. We cannot sit and rest on 
our laurels. When we go into 2017, if we want cooperation and if we want the spirit of unity, we need to see that cooperation and unity now, not just in 2017. I thank the gentlewoman for giving me the opportunity. Let’s do our jobs. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank so much Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY . Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Congresswoman BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN from New Jersey’s 12th District. I am so honored to serve with her. She stands in this same space as the Special Order hour chair for our Progressive Caucus. Earlier today, I benefited from her wisdom as she said to me: I am used to being in charge and I like being in charge, so I am going to stay tonight and lend my voice to the Special Order hour on our unfinished business. b2015 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed an honor to be here and standing with Congresswoman BEATTY and with Congressman JEFFRIES as you bring forth truth to power here in what you speak of. It is definitely a timely topic to be discussing unfinished business, what we can do. People need to realize that we have but 15 legislative days left in this congressional session, and there are so many things that need to be done that haven’t been appropriately addressed. I want to associate myself with the comments that were made by those who came before me as it relates to gun safety. I want to remind us that back in 2012, in Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, someone went in there and killed 20 children and 6 adults and killed himself. Since that time, there have been at least 1,100, close to 1,200 mass shootings, at least 1,300 deaths, and at least 4,700 that have been wounded; and that is just since November 6th. There are so many commonsense gun safety bills that are just waiting to be voted on. I know that, if given the opportunity, the majority in this House would vote appropriately and properly, taking into consideration the safety and security they represent to our communities. There are other things that we need to be thinking about. We need to ensure that we are protecting the environment; that we are protecting the environment against unnecessary fracking and unnecessary pipelines. We need to make sure that we are reforming criminal justice, that we are educating, not incarcerating; that we are putting our resources where we get the best value. We need to increase the minimum wage so that people can have a livable wage, raise their families, take care of their homes, and ensure that they have a little bit of money to spend so that they can churn up this economy. We need to restore the Voting Rights Act. We need to ensure that voting is accessible; that people have the opportunity and the encouragement to vote when they are supposed to and when they could. Finally, one last thought from me, we need to look at the kinds of protections that we have had in our banking system, protect just everyday families with their investments. We need to make sure that we are investing in the 21st century GlassSteagall Act. Those are the things that the people, everyday working families, look for us to do our work. Together, we can do those things and make it better for each and every one of us. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed my honor to yield to my coanchor, my classmate, my friend, the Congressman from the Eighth Congressional District of New York. I wanted to pause for a moment and think about what I would say as he will come as the coanchor, an individual who serves in this Congress, one of Congress’ best orators. When I think about him, I thought I would introduce him this way, Mr. Speaker: He is brave and brilliant. He is strong and strategic. He is always prepared and persistent. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ), my coanchor. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague and good friend from the Third Congressional District (Mrs. BEATTY ). She is always elegant, eloquent, and effervescent, an erudite, anchor of the CBC Special Order who has made us all proud in the manner in which she has conducted herself on behalf of the people that she represents, as well as the entire Congressional Black Caucus and, of course, the class of 2012. Once again, it is my honor and my privilege to stand on the House floor and participate in the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour where for 60 minutes we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great significance. I can think of no more profound moment by which we need to address the people throughout this country, who we are privileged to represent, than in the aftermath of the most recent election. I think it is important first to reflect upon the fact that in this country we already have made significant progress over the last 8 years. A lot of folks— some of our friends on the other side of the aisle—they don’t want to acknowledge that fact. The reality of the situation quantitatively is very different. Under 8 years of George W. Bush, this country lost 650,000 jobs. In almost 8 years of Barack Obama, we have gained more than 15 million privatesector jobs, 79 consecutive months of private sector job creation. The deficit has been reduced by more than a trillion dollars under the Presidency of Barack Obama. When President Barack Obama came into office, the unemployment rate was at 10 percent. Now, it is at 5 percent. When Barack Obama took office, the stock market was at 6,000. Now it is over 18,000. More than 20 million Americans who were previously uninsured now have health coverage, and more than 300 million Americans don’t have to worry about being denied health coverage because of a preexisting condition, all as a result of the Presidency of Barack Obama. I could go on and on, but America is a better place today because of the 44th President of the United States of America. Of course, now we find ourselves in a situation where we have to continue to address the issues of great importance to the American people. In this democratic republic, time marches on. As Abraham Lincoln once referenced, we are in a constant march toward a more perfect union. So the question, of course, is: Well, what are some of the issues where we can find common ground here today? In the aftermath of one of the most divisive elections in our Nation’s history, let me suggest that there are a few CBC priorities where some of my good friends on the other side of the aisle seemingly should take interest in addressing. The first thing, of course, relates to poverty. Despite what we have heard from the Presidentelect throughout the campaign, poverty is not simply an innercity problem. Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY is a testament to the fact that so many folks who live in great cities like Columbus are incredibly professional, built wonderful lives, pursued the American Dream. Poverty is not an innercity problem; it is an American problem. In fact, a majority of persistently poor counties in this country—parenthetically, that is defined as counties where 20 percent or more of the population has lived below the poverty line for 30 or more years—are represented by House Republicans. I don’t know if the Presidentelect realizes that. So poverty and making sure that every single person in America has an opportunity to pursue the American Dream isn’t a Democratic issue or a CBC issue. It is an American issue. Maybe we can figure out a way collectively to deal with this problem because it doesn’t just impact the people I represent back home in Brooklyn. The second issue that I think we can find common ground on, hopefully, is criminal justice reform. The House Judiciary Committee has already passed bipartisan legislation unanimously to deal with our unjust sentencing laws, as well as to make sure that everyone has an opportunity for a second chance in life once they have paid their debt to society. There has been great cooperation from many of my friends on the other side of the aisle, leaders on criminal justice reform, people like JASON  CHAFFETZ , TREYGOWDY , and R AU´LLABRADOR . These are people where there may be issues that we don’t have a lot 
in common, but who recognize, along with a whole host of other folks, that we have an overcriminalization problem in America when we have 5 percent of the world’s population, but 25 percent of the world’s incarcerated individuals. We incarcerate more people in this country than any other country in the world. And if you take China and Russia’s population combined, it is in excess of a billion individuals. Yet, we incarcerate more than those two countries put together. I would say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: I think that dealing with mass incarceration in America fits squarely within your philosophical approach to a whole bunch of things. I am not asking you to become a Progressive Democrat. Fiscal Conservatives should object to the fact that we spend 80billionplus dollars a year wasting economic resources, opportunity, and human capital, as States in places like Texas, Kentucky, Georgia, and Louisiana have done, not blue States like New York or California; red States who recognize that the fiscally conservative thing to do without sacrificing public safety is to deal with overcriminalization in America. I would also suggest that many of my friends, Christian Conservatives—I am a Conservative, I guess, in the sense that I am a proud member of the Cornerstone Baptist Church. I don’t know what the distinction is, but Christian Conservatives, I guess, is the lingo and the language that is often used—all of us who believe in some form of religion, particularly those, of course, who define themselves as Christian Conservatives should embrace the notion that you should have a second chance in life. Because theologically underpinning your religious beliefs is the notion of redemption, that we are all sinners in the eyes of God, with the exception of one person who has walked this Earth. And once you pay your debt to society, you shouldn’t have a permanent scarlet letter that prohibits you from being able to experience the American Dream. So I think criminal justice reform fits squarely within the philosophy of my fiscal Conservative friends, my Christian Conservative friends. I would also suggest that my Libertarian friends, as RAND PAULand R AU´LLABRADOR have already illustrated, should also object to the mass incarceration problem that we have got in America. I understand you don’t like overtaxation. We can argue about what is the appropriate rate. I understand you don’t like overregulation. This is all about government overreach. You should have a problem with overcriminalization because there is no area where the government can do more damage than when they have the ability to take away your life or your liberty. So we stand here as members of the CBC talking about unfinished business, not urging you to cross over and adopt our philosophy. Adopt your philosophy and apply it to criminal justice reform. The last issue I would suggest as we talk about unfinished business is the notion of the Voting Rights Act having been decimated. I am disappointed that so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle think that this should be a partisan issue. If there is a Republican advantage, let’s be honest, that is why we don’t want to do anything to fix it. Because when you look at the proud history of the Voting Rights Act, it has always been bipartisan in nature. It would not have passed this Congress without support from moderate Republicans in the House and in the Senate. That is a fact. There were Members of the Democratic Party, so called Dixiecrats, that opposed it with everything they had. It would not be law today without Republicans. Every time the Voting Rights Act was reauthorized, it was signed back into law by a Republican President: 1970, Richard Nixon. 1975, Gerald Ford. 1982, Ronald Reagan. 2006, George W. Bush. We are not asking you on the House floor to act like Progressive Democrats. Just act like Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, who recognized that voting rights is not a Democratic issue or a Republican issue; it is an American issue. So, with that, I would just conclude by saying this: It would be a mistake for my friends on the other side of the aisle to interpret too much from this election. I am trying to figure out what exactly is the mandate when it appears that more than 2 million Americans will have supported, in terms of the popular vote margin, the candidate who lost. b2030 And it was a mistake when others interpreted too much from an electoral college victory. Hubert Humphrey won the popular vote in 1968. The electoral college sent us Richard Nixon, and we got Watergate. Al Gore won the popular vote in 2000, and I think there was too much of a mandate interpretation. We got two failed wars and the worst economy since the Great Depression. So the question is: Are you going to learn from recent history or are you just going to celebrate this unexpected victory where you lost the popular vote? I would suggest let’s just find common ground, maybe on some of the areas that we have laid out here today. We are not asking you to change your philosophy, change your ideology; but in areas like poverty where you have got just as much at stake based on your constituents as we do, or criminal justice reform where your philosophy is consistent with dealing with mass incarceration and overcriminalization in America, or the Voting Rights Act, which has a proud bipartisan history, let’s start there and see what we can do as it relates to addressing the business of the American people as we go into the next Congress. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, let me just end with these words. This may be my last time as the lead anchor, so I cannot leave this Chamber without saying thank you, thank you to President Barack Obama for giving us 8 years of changing this country; thank you to President Barack Obama, whose legacy 10 or 20 years from now will go down in history as one of our greatest Presidents for making change. Mr. Speaker, let me now say thank you to Congressman JEFFRIES for reminding me of where we are now. If we really are going to finish our unfinished business, the Presidentelect, who said, as I paraphrase, gangs roaming the streets, African American communities being decimated by crime, you walk down the streets and you get shot, well, Mr. Speaker, we could take care of that in the 114th if we really believed that. We could do a crime bill; we could do a voters’ rights bill; we could do 10–20–30. Mr. Speaker, as my time comes to an end, I include in the RECORD statements from Congresswoman TERRI SEWELL and Congresswoman E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, with just sixteen legislative days remaining during the 114th Congress, there is still plenty of work that the Republican leadership must accomplish during the lame duck session. The House and Senate will need to finish its work on the FY2017 Omnibus before the continuing resolution expires on December 9. However, this Congress can also work to pass comprehensive gun violence prevention measures, pass tax reform legislation, or tackle the everimportant criminal justice reform bills that this Congress has pledged to consider. Serious criminal justice reform in the United States is long overdue and I fear that with the new administration, our opportunity to pass real reforms is closing fast. I do not believe that it is in the national interest to doom many of our people to a lifetime of suffering and condemnation for one or two poor life choices. Effective criminal justice reform will focus on reintegrating people back into society and reducing recidivism rates across the country. Instead, the United States has one of the highest per capita incarceration rates in the world. The costs to our society are too great. It is not only the financial burden on our country to put people in jail, it is the opportunity costs and futures that we are denying to our youths and others. Even more alarming is the fact that mass incarceration has been shown to disproportionately impact minority populations. For example, African Americans are incarcerated for drug offenses at a rate ten times greater than that of whites. This is in spite of the fact that both segments of our population—blacks and whites—use drugs at roughly the same rates. Today, roughly half of the 205,000 inmates currently in federal prison are serving there due to drug offenses. This is bad policy. Mr. Speaker, true systemic reform will be multifaceted in its approach. This includes not only reforming our criminal justice system, but also community resources and education 
available to individuals. The Republican Congress has an opportunity not only to address these issues now during the lame duck, but will also be uniquely positioned during the 115th Congress to make good faith efforts and bring about real reform across our country. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I stand in solidarity with my colleagues to demand that the Republican Leadership do its job and prioritize the needs of the American people. The criminal justice system is desperately in need of reform, gun violence has become an epidemic problem in America, the FY2017 Omnibus is inexcusably incomplete and the American vote is still not protected. I have only begun to name the extensive amount of work that has been left undone by the Republican Leadership and the American people are suffering because of it. The people of this country who rely on this Congress to fight for them will continue to suffer because of the inaction, indifference and insolence of the Republican Party. Congress has repeatedly failed to pass legislation to help make the citizens of this country feel safe from violence and secure in their rights and liberties. We need greater investment in higher education and our HBCUs. We need more antipoverty programs and we need to address the problems of the rise of drug costs and access to healthcare facilities. There is simply too much incomplete work that cannot be ignored. There has been too much suffering, sadness, blood and tears— and we need action now. As Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. famously said, ‘‘The time is always right to do what is right.’’ Now is the time to take action to unite as one great nation and work together to secure liberty and justice for all Americans. Unfinished business cannot become ‘‘business as usual.’’ 
REMEMBERING THE LATE, HONORABLE STEVE LATOURETTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to honor our late colleague Steve LaTourette, who served in this body for 18 years, and who, sadly, passed away after a heroic battle with pancreatic cancer. He died on August 3. Steve will be sorely missed by those of us who had the pleasure and the honor to work with him and to know him. Steve and I were elected to Congress together in 1994 as part of the Republican Revolution, or so it was called in those days. It was the year of the Contract with America. We were two of the four Republicans from Ohio who were first elected that year. The other two were Frank Cremeans, who has also passed away a number of years ago, and Bob Ney. Steve and I served the longest and worked here together for 16 years, and over that time we became good friends. While Steve was an esteemed colleague, respected by both sides of the aisle, I will always remember him as one of those people who was truly a great person on a human level. He had a gregarious personality, a very wry sense of humor, and he shared it with us many times, those of us in this body, again on both sides of the aisle. We are a better institution because Steve LaTourette served here among us. He will be greatly missed and long remembered. Steve LaTourette had the rather endearing ability to take his job and his responsibilities very seriously while at the same time poking fun at himself. Perhaps most importantly, I think Steve will be remembered because of how much he believed in bipartisanship. He truly did not care which party you belonged to. If you had a good idea, he would support it, and he would get into the trenches with you and fight to get that idea enacted into law. Sadly, it was the lack of bipartisanship that affected his decision to retire back in 2012. In his parting speech on this floor, he said: For a long time now, words like ‘‘compromise’’ have been considered to be dirty words. I have always believed that the art of being a legislator is finding common ground. 
When Members from both sides of the aisle paid tribute to him upon his departure, The Plain Dealer reported that Steve, in his characteristic humor, joked that it was fitting that bipartisanship would only break out when he had decided to leave. I hope that Steve is looking down on us here this evening so that he will know that he has truly brought us together in a bipartisan manner because we have a number of our colleagues here on the other side of the aisle who would also like to speak in his memory and in his honor. I hope that we make Steve proud here this evening when he sees the bipartisanship that is going to be taking place on this floor, and maybe, just maybe, we can bring a little of this bipartisan spirit with us into the next Congress. We could certainly use it, considering the challenges that this institution and we as a nation face after a very divisive—let’s face it, very divisive—election where about half the people were ecstatic and about half the people are very depressed right now. So it is certainly a time for us to come together. It is going to be a little bit tougher to come together because Steve is not with us, but we can keep in mind what he would have done, what he would have said, and how he could have brought us together. So I think it is fitting that we join together in a bipartisan manner in this tribute to our former colleague Steve LaTourette this evening. I would like to yield at this time to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR), the longest serving Member from the Ohio delegation. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman CHABOT for yielding. It is really a pleasure to be here with him this evening and to pay tribute to a wonderful, wonderful Congressman, Steve LaTourette, from the great State of Ohio. Obviously, we return here this evening to Congress following an election in which new depths of feverish partisanship were reached in the country, and I feel humbled to speak in tribute to our late Republican colleague and friend, Ohio Congressman Steve LaTourette. He was a lawyer’s lawyer. He was very, very intelligent and a very effective lawmaker, and he remained a loyal Republican. But at the same time, he exemplified, as Congressman CHABOT  has said, the importance of compromise and negotiation to the political process for the sake of the Republic and the American people. He always prioritized his constituents over partisan concerns, and he built alliances with House Members of all stripes in pursuit of the common good. He always conducted himself with a warm smile and a witty manner throughout, and he always had a good word. I remember how he sort of looked at you from above his glasses when he would get out of a committee meeting, always with a broad smile. It was an honor and a privilege to have served for so many years in the same Ohio delegation as Steve. He exhibited so much love for our State and endeavored to help all Ohioans, even those not in his constituency. In many ways, he was not just a representative for the 19th and then the 14th District of Ohio, but a representative for all of Ohio, as he effectively worked on our Committee on Appropriations. One of my fondest passions has been to champion the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative that focuses on the Great Lakes region, and it often brought us together to work to promote investment in the world’s largest freshwater ecosystem, with 95 percent of our Nation’s freshwater and serving over 30 million Americans; 1
1⁄2million jobs, and $62 billion in wages are generated in this Great Lakes nation each year. Steve understood the immense environmental and economic importance of the Great Lakes to the region and our Nation because he came from northern Ohio. It was a real pleasure to work with Steve to champion our Great Lakes issues. I recall on another front, in 2005, following cuts to the Pentagon’s budget, it was announced that 1,200 jobs at the Defense Finance and Accounting Service in the Federal office building in Cleveland, Ohio, were to be cut and shipped out to Indianapolis. Steve was able not only to successfully lobby the Defense Department to preserve the jobs, but with his great chutzpah, he 
secured an expansion of the office’s size by over 600 jobs the following year. Many of those employees are now my constituents, and I know they retain, as I do, a deep gratitude for Steve’s vital intervention. He put the same type of effort into so many projects: the Inner Belt Bridge in Cleveland, the Port of Cleveland, and so much more in northeastern Ohio and throughout our State. These local examples are demonstrative of the ideals and goals that motivated Steve in the wider, national political context, prioritizing the public interest and working with anyone and everyone to get things done. The list is extensive. Steve was one of just seven Republicans to vote against stripping the National Public Radio of all public funding. He had courage. He advocated for a mixed and pragmatic approach to deficit reduction. He blocked legislation aimed at weakening worker protection, and he voted in favor of an increase in unemployment benefits as the Great Recession began to bite. The list goes on. He was a loyal Republican, but he also represented his region. Yet Steve was critical and, frankly, heartsick about the stark political divide now found in the House and also of the tone in which that divide and debate is conducted. I was filled with an immense sense of regret and sadness upon his decision not to seek reelection in 2012, especially because of his reason. He had ‘‘reached the conclusion that the atmosphere’’ in the House ‘‘no longer encourages the finding of common ground.’’ His comments remain highly resonant today: If this Chamber was not able to create a space and forge an environment in which Representative LaTourette felt able to serve, then how can we expect to pursue the public good to help the people of this great Nation? Steve’s tragic and courageous death must serve as a calling to us all to constantly recall America’s promises and for what purpose we serve in this great House. When Steve passed away, a leading light of bipartisanship was extinguished. As we embark upon a new political chapter in Washington, let us all do our best to rekindle that fire in his memory. I thank Congressman CHABOT for yielding to me and for arranging for this Special Order in tribute to our dear friend, Steve LaTourette. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman for her very kind remarks, and I think she is absolutely right. He was somebody who did work in truly a bipartisan way, and that is one of the things I think we will all remember him for as much or more than anything else. I would now like to yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOYCE ). He took Steve’s place and is now the current Member who represents the 14th District of Ohio. b2045 Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman CHABOT very much for the opportunity to be here. It is a pleasure to see in the gallery tonight Steve’s loving family: his beautiful wife, Jennifer; Emma; Henry. And for those who are at home: Sarah, Sam, and the twins. You need to know one thing very clearly: your father loved you very much. I had the pleasure of first meeting your father in 1988. I was appointed the prosecutor in Chardon in Geauga County. He was running for election in Lake County. His favorite saying was: no muss, no fuss. Don’t worry about this, DAVIE. We have got this. We worked together for many years, and I can tell you just a few things because I will be brief. Your father cared. He cared deeply about you, he cared deeply about his friends and his family. Whenever you would run into him, he would always ask about the family, the kids. If he knew someone was ill, he always inquired about how they were. He always inquired about people first. The job came later. Secondly, he was loyal. He was somebody you could always count on. If he gave you his word, it was money in the bank. And the beauty of that, no matter what was going on in his life, he made you feel like you were the only one there and your issues were so important to him. Believe me, he was competitive. Whether it was in a courtroom or in the Halls of Congress, he was one who would fight for you day in, day out. He cared deeply about his country and wanted only the best for it. That is why he fought for it. But remember one thing: when it came to softball, your father was something else. We have our annual summer prosecutors’ softball game and his team was, unfortunately, defeated 2 years in a row. Then he made it part of his hiring practice that anybody who was coming into the prosecutor’s office also had to excel as a softball player because he was not going to let a loss like that occur a third year in a row on behalf of his beloved Lake County. I know you have many fond memories of him. I do, too, but I think the most important part is to remember how much he loved his country and that he was one person you could truly call a legislative gentleman and a scholar. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COOPER ). Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight to pay tribute to a truly remarkable man. I was privileged to attend the memorial service in Falls Church. Mr. TIBERI  delivered an awesome eulogy on that day. The synagogue was full. What was perhaps most remarkable was that there was almost an equal number of Republican Members and Democratic Members. That is indeed rare, and it is sad that it is rare in this day and age. We all respected, admired, and loved Steve LaTourette because he was a great Member. Eighteen years of service is a good long time and he did wonderful things, I am sure, for Ohio. We heard from MARCY KAPTUR about many of the projects he was involved in, but I want to reflect for a moment on a project that I think could have and should have benefited the entire United States. It was a huge lost opportunity, but he put body and soul into it in 2012, which turned out to be his last year in Congress. Back then, there was a bipartisan commission appointed by President Obama, headed up by Republican Senator Alan Simpson of Wyoming and also by the former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles. It was called the SimpsonBowles Commission. It was tasked with finding a bipartisan solution to our Nation’s debt and deficit problems. Back then, in 2012, we thought the debt was astronomical. It was $15.6 trillion. Now, 4 years later, it is $19.6 trillion. It is $4 trillion higher, $4 trillion of extra burden on future generations, including Steve’s own children. The irony of the SimpsonBowles package is that it was about a $4 trillion package to reduce our debt by about $4 trillion. Steve had the courage to engineer a plan to bring it to the House floor. We got it to the House floor. We had, according to Steve’s estimate, almost 100 commitments for support. We didn’t expect to win, but we thought we would at least put up a good showing. When the votes were counted, we had a whopping 38 Members who were willing to stand up for bipartisan debt and deficit reduction. Thirtyeight Members out of a body of 435. I am not faulting people who didn’t vote for it that day, who reneged on their commitment to Steve. I am proud of those—sometimes called the brave 38—that stood by that commitment. There was plenty in that bill to hate. It is easy to criticize, but it is hard to perform. But Steve LaTourette was a rare Member who was interested in being brave to help his country, and he was willing to sacrifice to do it. I admire that. I admire that because it takes courage and I admire that because it is increasingly rare. Too many members are only looking to be popular and perpetuate their career instead of putting their country first. Steve LaTourette put his country first. I hope that people will learn from his example. I hope they will follow his example. I hope they will do it in the wonderful, humorous style that he had where he could be serious as all get out, but also have that twinkle in his eye. He made friends, he made alliances, but he also built a bridge to the future for us all. It is not too late to pay attention to deficit reduction. Sadly, it was largely ignored in this most recent Presidential campaign by both candidates, but there are plans now to make our 
debt $5 trillion and $10 trillion worse even than it is today. So we are not going in the direction of SimpsonBowles or CooperLaTourette, as the legislation was called. We seem to be going in the opposite direction. I don’t want interest on the Federal debt to be the largest, fastest growing new Federal program, but that is the way it is headed, especially if interest rates tick up. We have got a lot of work to do in this body. The next Congress we will have to tackle these Steve LaTourette problems that he was not willing to duck. I hope that this coming Congress will not duck them. He was a brave man and a good man and we need to learn from his example. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ), who probably knew Steve as well as any other Member in this House did and was as close a friend of Steve’s as I think anybody here. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ran into a guy back during the campaign in my district who was a prosecutor when Steve LaTourette was a prosecutor. He called him a prosecutor’s prosecutor. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised because when Steve LaTourette came to this Congress 6 years before I came, he became a legislator’s legislator. And to Henry and Emma and to his children at home: that corner back there became Steve’s corner. It was a corner that we spent a lot of time in. Two of the people who spent a lot of time in that corner with your dad were MIKE SIMPSON , a Congressman from Idaho, and FRANK LOBIONDO from New Jersey. They apologize they could not be here tonight, but wanted me to tell you they miss him dearly, just as you do. Part of what I am going to say, I said at the memorial, but I want to say it again. Steve was a unique guy and not a guy that I would have thought that I would have become friends with because he was a University of Michigan guy and I am an Ohio State guy. But despite that, we did become friends. Not only did we become friends, my daughters had a tremendous amount of respect for him. When I asked them after Steve passed to give me a word or a phrase that reminded them of Steve, they came up with these four words or four sayings. One said, Funny. Steve could be brutally funny with a wicked sense of humor. Another said, Kind. Another said, Nice man. And, finally, the fourth said, Christlike. I laughed at that inside because I knew Steve would laugh at that. But then I looked up Christlike and I got words that fit Steve to a T: gentle, kind, unselfish, generous. It was really an amazing thing and I never thought one of my daughters could see that in a guy, with the words that have been described by our colleagues who loved him. They loved him dearly because his heart was always in the right spot of trying to get things done. No matter who it came from or whose idea it was, Steve was always about helping the little guy. As MARCY KAPTUR from Ohio said, he not only saved jobs in Cleveland, he added to them. He helped Lake Erie. He was passionate about it. He was passionate about helping his constituents. Whether it was repairing a bridge or building a road, transportation and infrastructure issues were just amazingly important to him. He became an expert in the field. Whether it be something about a railroad or an airport, a seaport, Steve knew it. Trucking, he was on it. I miss Steve back in that corner. He was an amazing counsel and a friend. He was a mentor. As my daughter said, he was one of the funniest, kindest, and yes, nicest and most Christlike human beings I have ever met. Take comfort in knowing that the world is a better place because of your dad. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON), from the Sixth Congressional District. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank my colleague, STEVE CHABOT , for putting this on tonight and giving us this opportunity to pay tribute to one of the finest human beings that I personally ever met. I was elected in 2010, and had no background in public service. I had no idea what I was getting myself into. There was so much to learn and so little time to learn it in. Fortunately, for me, Steve LaTourette was in our Ohio delegation. It didn’t take me long to figure out that, if you had a question on anything, Steve LaTourette was the guy to go to. Whether it was a legislative issue or a procedural issue or a political issue, Steve was a wealth of knowledge and was always willing to take time out of his personal schedule to sit down and have a conversation with you. I don’t think I ever met anyone while I served with him for two terms that didn’t call Steve a friend, whether that was on the Republican side of the aisle or on the Democrat side of the aisle. b2100 Steve had the uncanny ability to smile that smile, to brush away all of the dust of confusion, and get to the core of the matter. And when you walked away from a conversation with Steve, you thought: Well, why didn’t I think of that? I so much appreciated his guidance, his mentorship, and his friendship. I got to know the expertise and the professionalism of the man by watching him work. But the thing that impressed me most about Steve LaTourette was the heart of the man because I saw him with his family. I saw the way he treated his wife and his children. And there was no mistaking that whatever was swirling around the House, you knew where Steve’s priorities were. Steve’s priorities were at home, and I will always remember Steve for that. People call him colleague, people call him former Member; Jennifer, I am just proud to call him friend. God bless you and the family, and thanks so much for letting me share a few moments. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative CHABOT for organizing this Special Order tonight so that we could pay tribute to our colleague, Steve LaTourette. And Jennifer, I hope that you and the children are being comforted by the words that you are hearing here tonight. I want to associate myself with all the comments that I have been able to hear tonight about Steve. He truly was a dedicated public servant and a champion for his constituents in Ohio for 18 years. As we mourn the loss of Steve, we remember a Representative who stood for what is right and who fought on behalf of what makes America great. I had the privilege of standing in the back corner a lot of times with Steve, and I can certainly testify to his quick wittedness, his sense of humor, but also his ability to discern, again, the heart of the matter, as has been mentioned here. I learned a great deal from Steve by listening to him. He was a man of great principle. And as I thought tonight about coming here and sharing a few comments to pay tribute to Steve, the poem by John Donne, ‘‘For Whom the Bell Tolls,’’ kept coming back to me. So I am going to share that poem tonight because I do think that it epitomizes how we should think about Steve and his presence here and his absence. ‘‘No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend’s or of thine own were: any man’s death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.’’ We are all diminished by the loss of Steve, but we are all the better for having known him, and I feel very blessed to have known and worked with him. God bless you, Jennifer, and your family. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I yield to the gentleman from Dayton, Ohio (Mr. TURNER .) Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman CHABOT for hosting this important opportunity for us to come to the House floor to speak about our good friend, Steve LaTourette. Ohio has lost a great advocate and a public servant. And to Jennifer and to Mr. LaTourette’s children, I want to add my voice and comments to those who have spoken before. 
We have heard words such as bipartisan, mentor, substantive, inspirational and fighter, and I want to add my voice to underscore how those words were so important in this body and so important for the legacy of Steve LaTourette. Bipartisan: As we all know, standing outside off the House Chamber is the Speaker’s lobby where the press stands, and I was stopped many times by the press asking me this simple question. The press would approach and say that they had been speaking to the Members of the House and asking them who is the most bipartisan Member of the House, and frequently, on both sides, people would mention Steve LaTourette, and they would want to know how he did that and how he would accomplish that. Where is the work that would have a Member be identified as the most bipartisan? But we all knew it to be true. Whether it be on substantive issues reaching across the aisle or fighting for what was right, Steve looked not at what side of the aisle people were on but what was the outcome, and everyone in this body saw it. Mentor: Like BILLJOHNSON , I came here having not served as a legislator before. Steve LaTourette was willing to sit down, assist me in understanding how this body works, how an office works, how to make certain that you are successful, how Congress operates, and how a new Member can become an important part of it. Substantive: Congressman PAT TIBERI was saying that this corner over here was Steve LaTourette’s. But what is important about that corner, not just that Steve LaTourette was there but the line of people that would form to speak to Steve because they were seeking that bipartisan voice, his mentoring, but also his substantive comments. Steve LaTourette was always the individual who knew more about what was happening on this floor across all subjects than anyone else. It wasn’t just his committee or his bills. It was everything that was going on. He knew what was happening, and he had advice for everyone who would stop by to take it. Inspirational: Steve always had a cause. When you would stop by and talk to him, it wasn’t just what was happening on the House floor, it was what other issue needed to be addressed, what other issue needed to be righted, and he would call many people to the cause for that inspiration. And he was a fighter. He was always on the right side. MARCY KAPTUR was speaking about the fight of BRAC. When Ohio was facing a BRAC, and we had many military facilities that were at risk, DFAS and NASA in Cleveland were facing significant cuts and effects to them. NASA would have been secondarily affected by the cuts in the Department of Defense. Steve LaTourette singularly stood forward and went directly to the data that the Department of Defense was using, substantively attacked it, substantively repackaged it, and won on the argument that these facilities needed not to be closed or impacted but they needed to be sustained. It was that fighter aspect, it was that substantive aspect that allowed him to be successful and allowed him to be a leader for many. He will be strongly missed, but, by all those who had an opportunity to learn from him and his mentorship, he lives on in the inspiration he has provided to us in do the right thing, work hard, substantively focus, and make certain that you work and honor all of the Members of the body of Congress, not just those who are of your party. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ). Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for pulling this Special Order together to give tribute and to really reflect on the remarkable life of Steve LaTourette. For me, Steve was a role model. He was a teacher. He taught me so much about this institution, and he was a great friend. He was somebody who was fun to be around. So many things that I could address but, in the interest of time, I will make two points. The first is that Steve and I shared a passion for seeing this body lead and to get our country back to a balanced budget, believing that this is not only an economic imperative, it is a moral imperative. We have today Steve’s family who are with us. He felt so deeply about his family. He loved Cleveland and his entire district, and he knew that this was an issue that we had to go all in to make happen. That was certainly one of the main motivations why I retired from the Army after 29 years total, including 24 years in the regular Army, is to help move us back to a balanced budget. And working together over the past 6 years, inspired by Steve and others’ work, we have closed the deficit by almost 70 percent, but we are not there. We are not back to a balanced budget, and we need to get back to a balanced budget. Steve helped lead the way. Our first work together was actually a substitute amendment in 2011 brought to the floor here in the early morning hours in March of 2011, and I still remember watching Steve; didn’t know him real well at the time but liked everything I saw. And I remember the debate, as it was moving from about 2:30 to 3 a.m., and the speaker right before Steve was, quite frankly, criticizing this substitute amendment that Steve and I had authored before the House and said: Well, we really don’t have time to debate Mr. LaTourette’s amendment, given this hour. So when Mr. LaTourette—when Steve got to the floor and he was recognized, he said: Excuse me? We don’t have time? Moments ago, we debated cutting off the plumbing to the White House. I think we have got plenty of time to talk about issues that are very important to my constituents in Cleveland. He gave an impassioned set of remarks that I think was very thoughtfully constructed about how we could guide ourselves back to a balanced budget, but do it in a way that also brings people together, that can do it in a way that we can gain bipartisan support for that. He stood up for things that were very important for people in Cleveland like the arts, like NPR, and education. And I thought he gave a very summoning set of remarks, and I was proud to be associated with that. Then a year later, as Mr. COOPER  mentioned, I was one of those who joined Mr. LaTourette. We thought our numbers were more formidable, but we brought forward this bipartisan budget that, as Mr. COOPER pointed out, was a missed opportunity because, had we actually adopted that progrowth, we were closing loopholes and lowering rates for Americans. And also fiscally conservative, we had smart, spending limits on the Federal departments, it was not sequestered. These were livable, sustainable levels that would ultimately get our discretionary spending under control, and it made a commitment to addressing the mandatory spending programs as well. Had we actually enacted that budget, that CooperLaTourette budget today, we would be back at a balanced budget. Given the fact that we did overperform, we saw some Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac money come in, and we came in lower than we thought in terms of deficits. In fact, at one point here we got the deficit down to 352 B, which is still too high, but represented a 70 percent reduction from the nearly $1.5 trillion that we were at in 2010. That budget, I believe, ultimately, we are going to end up having to do that at some point anyway because staring at close to $20 trillion of debt, we can no longer sit and wait on a Napoleonicstyle battle that is going to ultimately clear the field and allow for one party to implement everything that they want on the budget. We now are going to have unified government, and I am looking forward and excited about those prospects. But we still have issues where we need to get support. There are votes that are needed in the Senate, thresholds that have to be met. So, ultimately, I think that that CooperLaTourette budget will come back, and I hope that we can get this done for our Nation. I want to thank Steve for his leadership for that. The second point was actually an interesting one, a little bit tough to go through, but I am better for it. This was also in 2011. I saw Steve, and everybody knows the incredible sense of humor, the dry, rapierlike wit that Steve can have. I saw Steve one day, around noon or so, and he said: GIBSON , yesterday. 
Yeah, Steve. He goes: You were in the chair. You were acting Speaker. Yeah, yeah, I was. He goes: That jacket, don’t ever wear that jacket again. And I am thinking, okay, I was an Army guy, you know. For the time I was on Active Duty, okay, true, we would get up in the morning and say: I think I will wear something green today, you know. And that did make life easier. But I thought, you know, I have got pretty good taste in clothing. b2115 So I went back to my staff, and I said: Steve LaTourette seemed pretty serious. He said, ‘‘Don’t ever wear that jacket again.’’ They said: Well, why don’t you do this? How do you feel about it? I said that I kind of like it. They said: Why don’t you watch it? Why don’t we bring it up? So here is my staff all standing around the computer. We bring it up, and all of a sudden I said: Oh, man, what was I thinking? I never wore that jacket again, Steve. I want you to know that. I am going to be donating this jacket to the Library of Congress in honor of Steve LaTourette’s incredible taste and my lack thereof. I do want to show it, though, one final time for the RECORD . Somehow, I think it just looks worse on TV than it does when I actually look at it. Steve, thank you. God bless you. You were an incredible role model for me, a great friend, an amazing husband and father, and you are missed every day in these Halls. God bless you. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I say to Congressman GIBSON , as usual, Steve LaTourette was right, although I think it is a fine jacket. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding. I thank him for leading this hour this evening. It is entirely appropriate that we gather this evening and remember our friend, Steve LaTourette. Steve was a friend, and you know what they say about friends in Washington, but Steve was a friend. I arrived here in 2003 and had never served in a legislative body before. I was on Steve’s subcommittee, on one of the Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittees, and I will never forget how he ran his subcommittee. It was so even, so evenhanded, no partisanship. I try to carry that with me today, even now, 14 years later, in other subcommittees where the subject matter can get a little bit more contentious, just remembering the respect with which he treated Members of both sides of the dais. It was almost as if Steve didn’t even have a dog in the fight, as we say back in Texas, but of course he did. Steve would give you the shirt off his back. I got kind of put in a tight spot. I needed a speaker for a transportation summit I was doing back in Texas—I mean in Denton, Texas, for crying out loud. Nobody in Ohio even knows where that is. This was in 2012. He had actually had his last election. He wasn’t coming back. But I implored upon him: Steve, you have got such a great transportation mind, come and talk to the leaders in transportation in Denton, Texas. He didn’t hesitate. He did it. Steve taught me something that day. He got to Ronald Reagan Airport without his wallet. You actually can get on a flight in the United States of America without an ID. I guess it helps having been a subcommittee chairman on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and perhaps an appropriator in the transportation area. But I was so worried when I got word that Steve had gotten to the airport without his wallet that he wouldn’t be able to make it down to Dallas/Fort Worth, but indeed he did. He gave a great presentation. People still talk about it today. Steve did have that wit. He had that wit that we all experienced at one time or another. He had a way of really bringing you back to earth with his turn of phrase and with his humor. Steve, we do miss you. The fact that there is a recalcitrant cancer out there that can still claim the lives that it does is something this body should focus on. That is something this body should work on. We can do that. We have had legislation, really, for a year and a half to try to improve and speed those discoveries. It is held up over in the Senate right now. I am still optimistic we can get it back over here to the House and get it done this year, get it done before this term ends. I would like to do that for Steve. What a great friend. We miss you. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CHABOT . Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. BURGESS . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from the great State of Ohio. This is an opportunity that is bittersweet for me and bittersweet for the American people to be able to honor somebody that I got to know as a friend and never had a chance to serve with in this great institution, but somebody who cared about the issues that were important to governing this country and governing America. America, the greatest country in the history of the world, has been served by public servants like Steve LaTourette for hundreds of years, but not many were like Steve LaTourette. Steve was somebody who focused on how we actually bring both sides of this institution together to move policies forward that are going to benefit every single American. His work on transportation and infrastructure was part of the reason why I sought a seat on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee when I got to Congress in 2013. Getting a chance to know Steve through his efforts at the Main Street Republican Committee and getting to know Steve through many friends that I got to know in the great State of Ohio proved to me what I had heard about Steve for the years before I got here: that he is somebody who actually wants to make America the greatest country in the history of the world. Steve LaTourette was somebody whom I looked up to. Steve LaTourette was somebody that America should look up to. Steve, I know you are looking down upon all of us, and especially your family, but I want you to know that what you did and the difference you made in this great institution will never be forgotten. You are an institution yourself, and your family and history will show all of us and this great country that. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I know that we are rapidly approaching that time in which our time has lapsed for this Special Order here, and I think it is fitting that we had Members from both sides of the aisle who came to give a testament to how much Congressman Steve LaTourette meant to this institution—to the House of Representatives—that he loved so much. I know personally that Speaker John Boehner depended on Steve LaTourette. They were friends, but I know that Speaker Boehner relied upon Steve LaTourette in a lot of the tough decisions that one has to make as Speaker of the House of Representatives. That is something that wasn’t necessarily known to the public, but I think it is important that his family know that—Jennifer, his wife; Emma, Henry, and all his children, his whole family. I know they know this, but it is important that they realize how important Congressman LaTourette was to this institution and how much he meant to us. It was also mentioned by some of our colleagues the rapier wit that he had. I had heard the term ‘‘knuckleheads’’ before—I probably called people that before and maybe was called that myself—but I had never heard the term ‘‘chuckleheads’’ before. That was something that Steve called some Members of this institution with whom he disagreed. I always thought that that was kind of humorous and something that will live in the annals of this institution. I would also be remiss if I didn’t mention there were a number of Members on both sides of the aisle that wanted to be with us this evening but who had other things that they just couldn’t get done with. We are back in session. We just, obviously, had a national election and this is the first time that Congress has been back in session since that election, so there are a lot of things happening all over the Hill this evening. I know that, for example, Congressman JIMRENACCI and Congressman STEVE STIVERS , among others, have put written speeches in the RECORD which will appear along with 
the speeches that we have heard here this evening. Let me just conclude by letting the family know, Jennifer and the kids, that Steve LaTourette will be long remembered in this institution. He will really be missed. He is one who really made a difference, and he is somebody that I am honored to say that I was able to serve in the United States House of Representatives with, our friend, our colleague, Congressman Steve LaTourette. God bless him. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a dear friend and highly respected colleague, the Honorable Steve LaTourette. He left us too soon, and will never be forgotten. It is an honor for me to speak about Steve. To the LaTourette Family—Sara, Scott, Grandson Matthew, Emma, Henry, and Jennifer—we share in your great sorrow for someone we all knew and loved. Your brother, your father, your husband, and our friend and colleague brought us joy. Yesterday I was on a plane flying to Washington, D.C. I sat next to a nice, young woman. We exchanged pleasantries and then kept to ourselves. I started to rework my remarks for today, and I was going at it pretty intensely—write, scratch, write—and at one point, I stopped, and the woman asked me what I was working on so hard. I told her it was a eulogy for a good friend’s funeral, and that I had never delivered a eulogy before. She said she was sorry to hear of my loss. I went back to writing and she went back to her iPad. Several minutes later, I paused again to look out the window. At that point, I could feel this overwhelming emotion welling up inside of me. I had no outward sign of emotion—no tears, no noise—just strong internal emotion; that lump in your throat. At that point, without saying a word, the young woman put her hand on my shoulder and squeezed it a few times. I turned to her and said thanks. She told me it would be okay. I turned to look out the window again and thought to myself, ‘‘that must have been Steve’s doing,’’—a simple act of kindness to reassure a friend. I was 30,000 feet in the air, closer to Heaven, where I know Steve is but the more I thought about it, I changed my conclusion. And it brought a smile to my face. The same smile Steve always brought to my face. It wasn’t that I was close to Heaven and that Steve’s spirit was with me. It was because I was on a mode of transportation. It wouldn’t have mattered which mode—plane, train, car, bus, or boat—Steve’s spirit would have been with me because we shared that interest and passion. Whenever I work on these issues, Steve’s spirit will always be with me. Steve was a great friend, a dear friend. But he was also a mentor to me, both in Congress and in life. He was bright, compassionate, and hardworking. He was someone you could count on, and he was funny. That humor often carried the day, in good times, intense times, and bad times. He could always light up the room with his wit and humor. I first learned about Steve from my father, who served with Steve. During my first term in Congress in 2001, I asked my father which members I could look to for good, sound advice. He gave me four to five names but the first name was Steve LaTourette. He said, ‘‘You can trust Steve. You may not always agree on the issue but he will always shoot straight.’’ Steve was a member’s member. He cared about the people he worked with and the institution. He also cared deeply about finding solutions, which always had him working in a bipartisan manner. He would reach across the aisle to find a path forward. My father gave me a piece of advice for serving in Congress: You must learn the rules of the institution, become an expert on an issue, and keep your word. Steve excelled at all three. First, learn the rules. Few if any members knew the rules of the U.S. House of Representatives and Congress better than Steve. You could watch him in action when he was in the chair, presiding over the chamber during debate. He was in the chair frequently, and especially when a bill or debate was expected to be challenging. Steve was given those assignments because his knowledge of the rules. He was always able to act quickly and forcefully because of his knowledge. Second, become an expert on an issue. Steve demonstrated his expertise on financial services issues time and time again. In debate or verbal combat with another highly intelligent legislator, Barney Frank, it was always educational and insightful. Few could go toetotoe with Barney but Steve was one. And on transportation and infrastructure issues, Steve’s knowledge was always impressive. It didn’t matter the mode of transportation, whether it was highway transit, railroad, aviation, maritime, or even public buildings, Steve knew his stuff. Transportation and infrastructure issues were where his heart really was. That was fortunate for me because he taught me so much. Finally, keep your word. Steve’s word was always solid. Regardless of if you were on the same side of an issue or he opposed you, you could count on his word. But if you opposed him, it could be a very, very long day. In Congress, your word is critical to success. It is the coin of the realm, and Steve LaTourette’s word was gold. As I thought about what to say today, I thought what I might have said to Steve if we had exchanged places on the last day I saw him—me in bed and he by my bedside. It was the Friday before the GOP Convention in his beloved Cleveland. What came to me was the final scene from one of my favorite movies, The Outsiders. Johnny was in a hospital and beside was his friend, Ponyboy. Throughout the movie, they referred to the Robert Frost poem, ‘‘Nothing Gold can Stay.’’ At that point in the movie, Johnny whispers into his friend’s ear, ‘‘Stay gold, Ponyboy . . . stay gold.’’ Steve LaTourette was gold and will forever be gold. Steve, we love you, and you will be missed, my friend. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I join my fellow Ohioans and colleagues in recognizing the life and work of Steve LaTourette, a good friend and an outstanding public servant. Steve served nine terms in Congress. Though they say Washington changes you, he remained extremely thoughtful and completely authentic throughout his tenure. And regardless of the circumstances, Steve always did what he thought was the right thing. He came to Congress after serving as a public defender and Lake County prosecutor. He knew the law inside and out and could argue a point passionately, but he also had a great sense of humor. In fact, during his first term, he famously delivered a speech written by humorist Dave Barry on the House floor, poking fun at his chosen profession: ‘‘The vast majority of lawyers . . .’’ he read ‘‘. . . are responsible professionals as well as, in many ways, human beings.’’ Steve LaTourette was a great human being. Though Cancer took him away from us way too soon, he leaves a legacy of service that has had a tremendous impact on his family, his colleagues, and especially, for Northeast Ohio. My thoughts and prayers are with Jennifer and the entire LaTourette family. I know Steve was looking down proudly as his daughter Sarah was elected to a leadership position in the Ohio House of Representatives this month. There is no question that Steve lives on through his children and through each one of us who had the pleasure of knowing and working with him. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the life and service of United States Congressman Steve LaTourette. As a colleague, Congressman LaTourette was many things at once— formidable, smart, and considerate. Whatever the context, whether an argument or an agreement, he remained openminded and friendly, always paying attention to his constituents and their needs, while adapting in a changing political climate, and remaining keenly himself. This delicate balancing act is why Steve was so admired and will remain forever respected. It is a shame that the horrific disease of pancreatic cancer cut his life short, but that fact will never outweigh the richness of his life. Congressman LaTourette was an Ohio man through and through. After graduating from the University of Michigan, he returned to the state he loved to study law at ClevelandState University. His lifelong career in politics began when he was elected County Prosecutor of Lake County, Ohio. In this capacity, he prosecuted the famous Kirtland mass murders. His desire to serve urged him to run for and win a seat in Congress representing his 19th Congressional District in 1994. Congressman LaTourette’s career spanned from 1995 until 2013, when he retired. In this time, he was known as a strong presence on the House Appropriations Committee. But more than anything else, he was known as a bright and independent mind that was committed to serving his constituents in Ohio. I was sad to see him retire, and now I am sad to see him leave this earth. Mr. Speaker, Congressman LaTourette was a great United States Representative but an ever better man. May this CONGRESSIONAL  RECORD show he will be forever loved and never forgotten. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of former Congressman Steve LaTourette from Ohio who passed away in August. I had the pleasure of serving with Steve throughout his time in the House and worked closely with him while we both sat on the Transportation Committee. Steve was a great legislator, and I admired his relentless dedication to cutting through the gridlock that often plagues D.C. 
After leaving the House, Steve continued to be a voice of reason as he led the Republican Main Street Partnership. Steve’s profound understanding of Congress as an institution and the dynamics we face as members will be missed. Steve was a fine soul. He was never without a smile on his face, and I always enjoyed his rapier wit. I am glad to have counted him a friend. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of the late Congressman Steven LaTourette. Congressman LaTourette was a dedicated public servant and talented legislator . . . who understood the value of compromise and the importance of finding common ground. During his eighteen years serving the people of Ohio in the House of Representatives . . . Congressman LaTourette carried himself with humor . . . and always stayed true to who he was. He was a friend to many . . . and always was willing to reach across the aisle to get things done on behalf of his constituents. We should all follow the example of principled legislators like Congressman LaTourette. I wish his family well during this difficult time . . . and am grateful to have the opportunity to honor his legacy with my fellow colleagues. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, it is with sadness that I ask for Unanimous Consent to address the House for the purpose of a oneminute speech to honor the life of former Ohio Representative Steve LaTourette—who we lost too soon earlier this year. Steve LaTourette served this body well for 18 years and was known around the People’s House as someone who worked hard, knew the rules of this institution, and always had a hand reaching across the aisle because he was dedicated to governing, and getting things done. Steve was also wellrenowned for his quick wit. But most of all, Steve was a humble public servant, dedicated to the craft of governing. He loved the nitty gritty of getting commonsense legislation through the pipeline and into law. Now, most folks know that I am a passionate Michigan Wolverine fan, and even though Steve hailed from Ohio, he was a pretty smart guy evidenced by his degree from the University of Michigan. Steve and I were buddies and caught many games together through the years in Ann Arbor. In fact, Steve was one of my very dear friends. When Steve first got elected in 1994, we sensed a kindred spirit in one another and quickly teamed up on a host of issues important to our Midwest communities. His passionate work on behalf of the Great Lakes and environmental issues was particularly impressive. And the Republican Main Street Partnership was better for his tireless leadership and advocacy. He knew his neck of the woods in Ohio better than anyone, and worked hard as a fearless advocate for their needs. And with Steve, you always knew where you stood. He was a straight shooter, and no matter how difficult the topic, he was always honest. This body lost a great man when he retired. His wife Jennifer, and his six children, lost a great man with his untimely passing. Today, we stand together in remembering Steve LaTourette. We remember his passion, his grace, his humor, and his mantra of bipartisanship that—now more than ever—should be part of the fabric of this great institution. 
EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL OR OTHER EXPERTS 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
July 6, 2016: H.R. 3114. An Act to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, and for other purposes. July 15, 2016: H.R. 636. An Act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. H.R. 3766. An Act to direct the President to establish guidelines for covered United States foreign assistance programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 4372. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York. as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. H.R. 4960. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. July 22, 2016: H.R. 4875. An Act to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 5588. An Act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates of compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. July 29, 2016: H.R. 2607. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3700. An Act to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing Programs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3931. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite lA in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. H.R. 3953. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4010. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’. H.R. 4425. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. H.R. 4747. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4761. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’. H.R. 4777. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4877. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4904. An Act to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and for other purposes. H.R. 4925. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay. Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4975. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha. Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4987. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ’Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. H.R. 5028. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5722. An Act to establish the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission. September 23, 2016: H.R. 3969. An Act to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. September 29, 2016: H.R. 2615. An Act to establish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission. 
H.R. 5252. An Act to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tortilla Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serra Port of Entry’’. H.R. 5325. An Act making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 5936. An Act to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles California, to make certain improvements to the enhanceduse lease authority of the Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 5937. An Act to amend title de, United States Code, to authorize the American Battle Monuments Commission to acquire, operate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in MarneslaCoquette, France, and for other purposes. H.R. 5985. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
July 15, 2016: S. 2845. An Act to extend the termination of sanctions with respect to Venezuela under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014. July 20, 2016: S. 1252. An Act to authorize a comprehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agriculturalled economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes. July 22, 2016: S. 524. An Act to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the prescription opioid abuse and heroin use crisis, and for other purposes. S. 2840. An Act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes. July 29, 2016: S. 764. An Act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. S. 2893. An Act to reauthorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes. S. 3055. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans. S. 3207. An Act to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats. September 23, 2016: S. 1579. An Act to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, increase coordination and collaboration between Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. September 30, 2016: S. 1878. An Act to extend the pediatric priority review voucher program. LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of personal reasons. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2959. An act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2733. An act to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes. H.R. 3004. An act to amend the Gullah/ Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission. H.R. 3937. An act to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 5147. An act to amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public buildings to be equipped with baby changing facilities. H.R. 5325. An act making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 5578. An act to establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes. H.R. 5883. An act to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes. H.R. 5944. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances, and for other purposes. H.R. 5946. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or award won in competitions in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. f 
STATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature on Thursday, September 29, 2016, to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 246. An act to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and for other purposes. S. 3283. An act to designate the communitybased outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 28, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: H.R. 1475. To authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on September 29, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 5325. Making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 2494. To support global antipoaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife trafficking, designate major wildlife trafficking countries, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on October 3, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 5946. To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. H.R. 2733. To require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes. H.R. 5944. To amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances, and for other purposes. H.R. 3004. To amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission. H.R. 3937. To designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 5147. To amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public buildings to be equipped with baby changing facilities. H.R. 5883. To amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes. H.R. 5578. To establish certain rights for sexual assault survivors, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, November 15, 2016, at noon. 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESIDENT COMMISSIONER, AND DELEGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: 
‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Member of the 114th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: COLLEEN HANABUSA , First District of Hawaii. JAMES COMER , First District of Kentucky. DWIGHT EVANS , Second District of Pennsylvania. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second and third quarters of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO SOUTH AFRICA, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 15 AND JULY 21, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. KATHERINE MEYER, Sept. 26, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE UNITED KINGDOM, NORWAY, AND ITALY, EXPENDED BETWEEN AUG. 28 AND SEPT. 4, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY, Oct. 4, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO JAPAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN SEPT. 1 AND SEPT. 4, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Oct. 26, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1  AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continu ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. HAROLD ROGERS, Chairman, Oct. 28, 2016. 
(AMENDMENT) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BET WEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. TOM PRICE, Chairman, Nov. 3, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. TOM PRICE, Chairman, Sept. 29, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per Diem** Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency* U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. FRED UPTON, Chairman, Oct. 28, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHARLES W. DENT, Chairman, Oct. 11, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continu ed 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Indicates Delegation Costs. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MICHAEL T. MCCAUL, Chairman, Sept. 30, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. * Travel All Inclusive. HON. CANDICE S. MILLER, Chairman, Oct. 27, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND S EPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Oct. 20, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Oct. 24, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Sept. 15, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JU LY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Oct. 3, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. DEVIN NUNES, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Vice Chairman, Oct. 7, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AN D SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AN D SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1192. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with prediabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–801). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1209. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas; with an amendment (Rept. 114–802). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2713. A bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–803). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4365. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services; with an amendment (Rept. 114–804, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON. Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2566. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications; with an amendment (Rept. 114–805). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2669. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of inaccurate caller identification information, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–806). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4937. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to reauthorize pipeline safety programs and enhance pipeline safety, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–807, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. 546. An act to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–808). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5458. A bill to provide for coordination between the TRICARE program and eligibility for making contributions to a health savings account, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–809, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5711. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; with an amendment (Rept. 114–810). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4150. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to modify the hours of employment of physicians and physician assistants employed on a fulltime basis by the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–811). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4757. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries; with amendments (Rept. 114–812). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5047. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Labor to provide information to veterans and members of the Armed Forces about articulation agreements between institutions of higher learning, and for other purposes; (Rept. 114–813). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5099. A bill to establish a pilot program on partnership agreements to construct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–814). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5399. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that physicians of the Department of Veterans Affairs fulfill the ethical duty to report to State licensing authorities impaired, incompetent, and unethical health care activities (Rept. 114–815). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5428. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to authorize spouses of servicemembers to elect to use the same residences as the servicemembers (Rept. 114–816). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5600. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans’ Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKGguided resonance therapy technology to veterans; with an amendment (Rept. 114–817). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 921. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5711) to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from November 18, 2016, through November 28, 2016 (Rept. 114–818). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5715. A bill to prohibit the ExportImport Bank of the United States from providing financing that would benefit Iran; with amendments (Rept. 114–819). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2333. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas; with an amendment (Rept. 114–820). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5984. A bill to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement, and for other 
purposes (Rept. 114–821). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. S. 3028. An act to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness (Rept. 114–822). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5341. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for recalculation of basic annuity benefits for certain air traffic controllers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–823). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2532. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to enhance the authority under which Federal agencies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclosures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–824). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6009. A bill to ensure the effective processing of mail by Federal agencies, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–825). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4937 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4365 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5458 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. POEof Texas, and Mr. H OYER ): H.R. 6297. A bill to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. VARGAS ): H.R. 6298. A bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to direct the ExportImport Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6299. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require a school food authority to make publicly available any waiver of the Buy American requirement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. LAMALFA , and Mr. HUDSON ): H.R. 6300. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt certain individuals from the individual health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 6301. A bill to provide for certain requirements and limitations relating to the recoupment of bonuses and similar payments made to members of the uniformed services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 6302. A bill to provide an increase in premium pay for United States Secret Service agents performing protective services during 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 6303. A bill to designate facilities of the United States Postal Service, to establish new ZIP Codes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Ms. MCSALLY ): H.R. 6304. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 North Main Street in Florence, Arizona, as the ‘‘Adolfo ’Harpo’ Celaya Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6305. A bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to exclude the receipt of basic allowance for housing for members of the Armed Forces in determining eligibility for certain Federal benefits; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6306. A bill to exempt children of certain Filipino World War II veterans from the numerical limitations on immigrant visas and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6307. A bill to amend the Compact of Free Association of 1985 to provide for adequate Compactimpact aid to affected States and territories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6308. A bill to support enhanced accountability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6309. A bill to allow acceleration certificates awarded under the Patents for Humanity Program to be transferable; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6310. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to waive the minimum period of continuous active duty in the Armed Forces for receipt of certain benefits for homeless veterans, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish such benefits to homeless veterans with discharges or releases from service in the Armed Forces with other than dishonorable conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6311. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to improve transparency under the national primary drinking water regulations for lead and copper, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 6312. A bill to promote economic opportunity for military families, to facilitate workforce attachment for military spouses in their chosen occupation across multiple geographical postings, to reduce barriers to work on military installations, to amend the District of Columbia Code to promote greater freedom in the practice of regulated occupations, to combat abuse of occupational licensing laws by economic incumbents, to promote competition, encourage innovation, protect consumers, and promote compliance with Federal antitrust law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6313. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize knowingly preventing the implantation of certain human embryos, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ROYBALALLARD: H.R. 6314. A bill to establish a commission to study the removal of MexicanAmericans to Mexico during 19291941, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. GABBARD: H. Con. Res. 171. Concurrent resolution recognizing the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor and the lasting significance of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD: H. Res. 922. A resolution acknowledging and honoring brave young men from Hawaii who enabled the United States to establish and maintain jurisdiction in remote equatorial islands as prolonged conflict in the Pacific lead to World War II; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JOYCE (for himself and Mr. TAKANO ): H. Res. 923. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of American Education Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Ms. LEE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. COHEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas): 
H. Res. 924. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week beginning on November 14, 2016, as ‘‘National School Psychology Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
302. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Texas, relative to Senate Resolution No. 642, expressing support for the study and regulation of modern agricultural technologies and expressing opposition to regulatory action that results in unnecessary restrictions on the use of modern agricultural technologies; to the Committee on Agriculture. 303. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Concurrent Resolution No. 152, urging Congress to pass S. 1980, which posthumously awards a Congressional Gold Medal to Alice Paul in recognition of her role in the women’s suffrage movement and in advancing equal rights for women; to the Committee on Financial Services. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. UPTON introduced A bill (H.R. 6315) to authorize the award of the Medal of Honor to James C. McCloughan for acts of valor during the Vietnam War; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 188: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 197: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 213: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. POCAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. RANGEL , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 224: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 225: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. COHEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Ms. MENG. H.R. 226: Mr. TONKO , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 244: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 539: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 563: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 605: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 662: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 748: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 752: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 759: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 842: Mr. MICA. H.R. 865: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 885: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 923: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 932: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 973: Mr. ASHFORD , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. DENT. H.R. 1061: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 1095: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 1258: Mr. WALZand Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1274: Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 1283: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 1343: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 1399: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 1427: Mr. BLUM, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1439: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 1453: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 1457: Mr. VISCLOSKY and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 1459: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 1538: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1652: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 1707: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 1728: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1733: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 1859: Ms. DELBENE and Mrs. B LACK BURN . H.R. 1933: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1942: Mrs. TORRES and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 1974: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. FARR, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2016: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. HIMES, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. HONDA . H.R. 2045: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2067: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2083: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2087: Mr. SMITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2251: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. ROSS. H.R. 2290: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 2311: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 2342: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 2391: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2404: Mr. ENGEL and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 2411: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2450: Ms. EDWARDS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. DEUTCH , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2461: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2468: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2571: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 2680: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 2713: Ms. EDWARDS and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2737: Mr. HOYER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. MASSIE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. PELOSI . H.R. 2740: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2759: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 2799: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. ABRAHAM , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 2849: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. T SONGAS, and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 2858: Mr. ROYCE , Mr. S HUSTER , and Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2866: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2867: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2875: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2903: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. A MASH . H.R. 2970: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2991: Mr. RIBBLE . H.R. 2992: Mr. LATTA and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 3012: Ms. MENGand Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 3060: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 3099: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 3100: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona and Mrs. LUMMIS . H.R. 3119: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. BLACKBURN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN. H.R. 3280: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 3381: Ms. GRAHAM , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 3397: Ms. NORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. PALAZZO , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 3406: Mr. RUSH, Mr. C LAY, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 3411: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3423: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 3463: Mrs. LAWRENCE and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 3512: Ms. LOFGREN , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Ms. L EE, and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 3513: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3514: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3558: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3588: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3591: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , H.R. 3605: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3660: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 3742: Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. D IAZ BALART , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. HONDA , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3799: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 3841: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. BONAMICI , and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 3886: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 3888: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 3952: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3991: Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. LEE, and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 4016: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 4017: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4073: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4151: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 4177: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4187: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4220: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 4223: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 4225: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4296: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 4298: Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. B URGESS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 4335: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 4374: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4469: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 4514: Mr. REICHERT and Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 4554: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 4604: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4616: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 4625: Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. PETERSON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4626: Mr. CHAFFETZ , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . H.R. 4657: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. E MMER  of Minnesota. H.R. 4662: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 4665: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 4667: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 4683: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 4684: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 4706: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4708: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 4715: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 4740: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4745: Mr. GOWDY . H.R. 4756: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 4760: Mr. DENT. H.R. 4764: Mr. COURTNEY and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 4766: Ms. GABBARD and Ms. L INDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 4773: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 4816: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 4833: Mr. ELLISON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 5007: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 5073: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 5127: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5167: Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. LOBIONDO , and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 5168: Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5177: Mr. DIAZBALART and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 5183: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 5219: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 5221: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 5230: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5232: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5251: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 5272: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5287: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5292: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 5329: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. ROSS. H.R. 5332: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. KEATING , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. F ARR, Ms. E STY, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. SPEIER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. KUSTER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. GIBSON , Mrs. W AGNER , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. Radewagen, Mr. SIRES, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 5347: Ms. MENG. H.R. 5369: Ms. ADAMS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. SERRANO , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 5410: Mr. RICEof South Carolina and Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 5474: Mr. NEALand Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 5489: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 5589: Mr. MULLIN and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 5621: Mr. HECK of Washington, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Mr. RUSH, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 5628: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 5650: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. KUSTER , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5668: Mr. PALMER . H.R. 5671: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5679: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 5689: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. DEFAZIO, and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 5691: Miss RICEof New York, Mr. RUSH, Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 5727: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 5732: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. L AMBORN , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. D UFFY , Mrs. BLACK , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R USH, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 5742: Mr. SCHIFF , Ms. M ENG, and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 5745: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. MCDERMOTT , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 5746: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5784: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 5814: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 5828: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. M CNERNEY, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5866: Ms. ESHOO , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 5879: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. VEASEY , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 5887: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5904: Mr. LABRADOR and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5951: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. GROTHMAN , and Mr. R OUZER , H.R. 5956: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 5980: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. C LAY, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. GIBSON , and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 5996: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 5999: Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 6005: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 6006: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 6025: Mr. PETERS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. JOYCE , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 6030: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 6043: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 6045: Mr. JOYCE and Mr. V ALADAO , H.R. 6058: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 6061: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 6072: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas and Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 6073: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 6087: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 6088: Mr. HURTof Virginia, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mrs. Blackburn. H.R. 6100: Mr. SANFORD , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. BLUM, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. BUCK, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARR, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6108: Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Mr. LEWIS, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. H IMES, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. E MMER of Min nesota, and Mr. JOYCE . H.R. 6110: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 6117: Ms. LEE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 6133: Mr. DIAZBALART , and Mr. T IPTON. H.R. 6139: Mr. HIMES, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. POSEY , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 6149: Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 6161: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 6176: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. D AVIDSON , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 6179: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 6184: Mr. FORTENBERRY and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 6186: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 6187: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 6195: Mr. LATTA , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. FLORES , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. MESSER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mrs. HARTZLER , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 6197: Mr. SERRANO and Mr. R ANGEL . H.R. 6205: Mr. MEEKS and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 6208: Ms. TITUS, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W EBER , of Texas, and Mrs. C AROLYNB. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 6211: Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. HIGGINS , Ms. K USTER , Ms. S PEIER and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 6220: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 6221: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 6224: Mr. HONDA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. MOORE , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 6225: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 6226: Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. T IPTON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan sas, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. DUFFY , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 6234: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. COLLINS of New York, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali fornia, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. POSEY . H.R. 6240: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 6277: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 6295: Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. HARPER . H.J. Res. 47: Mr. HONDA and Mr. E NGEL . H.J. Res. 94: Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Mr. CAPUANO . H.J. Res. 95: Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. YOHO. H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. LOBIONDO and Mr. ASHFORD . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. JORDAN and Mr. PALAZZO . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. YOHO, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. WOODALL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. CLAY, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H. Con. Res. 167: Ms. BASS, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. COSTA . H. Res. 28: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, and Mr. M URPHYof Pennsylvania. H. Res. 130: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H. Res. 208: Ms. GRAHAM . H. Res. 290: Mr. CAPUANO . H. Res. 424: Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. H. Res. 549: Ms. GRAHAM . H. Res. 590: Mr. ROONEY of Florida and Mr. PERRY . H. Res. 591: Mr. FOSTER , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. HIMES. H. Res. 605: Mr. PASCRELL . H. Res. 694: Ms. GRAHAM . H. Res. 703: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H. Res. 752: Mr. MEEHAN , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. YODER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr GARRETT , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. MCCAUL. H. Res. 769: Ms. GRAHAM . H. Res. 831: Mr. KIND, Mr. B OST, and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 838: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. TITUS, Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  of California, Mr. SWALWELL of California, and Mr. JONES . H. Res. 852: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H. Res. 853: Mr. ROSSand Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 861: Mr. PITTENGER , Ms. B ASS, Ms. LEE, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. H IMES, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 873: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H. Res. 896: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H. Res. 902: Mr. MILLER of Florida. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: The amendment to be offered by Representative BILLHUIZENGA to H.R. 5711 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Representative JOHNCONYERS , Jr. or a designee to H.R. 5982, the ‘‘Midnight Rule Relief Act of 2016’’, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
89. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City of Miami Commission, Miami Florida, relative to Resolution R160406, condemning the abuse of human rights in Turkey arising out of the 2016 Turkish coup d’etat attempt; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 90. Also, a petition of the Mayor and Borough Council of the Borough of Butler, New Jersey, relative to Resolution No. R 201696, expressing condemnation of publications and distribution of any and all images that purport to glorify or justify violence against law enforcement officers and calling on the New Jersey legislature to join the Freeholders in condemning such publications; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 91. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging the Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution that would prohibit the Federal Government from nationalizing State and local law enforcement duties and responsibilities and from commandeering State and local law enforcement resources; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 92. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging Congress to enact legislation that would require immigrants entering the United States to do so in conformity with all Federal laws of the United States — and to further require a minimum of five years uninterrupted physical residency in the United States — in order to receive supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits, temporary assistance for needy families benefits, taxpayersubsidized housing benefits, and other types of welfare benefits or free and taxpayerfunded healthcare coverage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6315 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2016 No. 162 
The Senate met at 5:30 and 48 seconds p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable MITCH MCCONNELL , a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 