Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Alexis Frost, who is a 6th grade student at Lorton Station Elementary School, for placing second in the Junior Division, Individual Performance Category, of the Virginia National History Day Contest. She, along with winners from other states competed at the Kenneth E. Behring National History Day Conference, which took place June 12 through 16 at the University of Maryland in College Park. Each year there is a specific theme on which the students’ research must focus with this year’s theme being: ‘‘Exploration, Encounter, Exchange in History.’’ For her entry Alexis created a performance titled ‘‘Amelia’’ in which she portrays Amelia Earhart, an early aviation pioneer who was the first female pilot to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean and who was an inspiration to women throughout the world. This year approximately 600,000 students from across the United States participated in these contests. For the contests, students create entries showcasing original historical research utilizing primary and secondary sources. They then present their information in one of five categories: documentary, exhibit, paper, performance, and website. Less than 1 percent of all contestants are invited to go to the national competition. At the National History Day Finals, Alexis’ project along with those of the other state winners were evaluated by more than 300 historians and education professionals. Scholarships totaling $150,000 were awarded to the winners of the contest ranging from $250 through $1,000 per award. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending Alexis Frost for her outstanding performance in the National History Day contest and in wishing her the very best at the National Finals as well as throughout her educational career. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special church in Lexington, Kentucky. Christ Church Cathedral was established in 1796. This year they celebrate 220 years of ministry. The congregation of Christ Church has included several prominent members, including statesman Henry Clay, who represented Kentucky in both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives, served three nonconsecutive terms as Speaker of the House, and served as U.S. Secretary of State under President John Quincy Adams. Christ Church was the first Episcopal Church congregation west of the Allegheny Mountains. The earliest church building was a small frame church, which was replaced by a larger brick building in the early 1800s. The current church building was designed by the famous architect Thomas Lewinski in the Gothic Revival style and completed in 1848. The first rector of Christ Church was Rev. James Moore, who also served as the first President of Transylvania University. The church is currently led by The Very Reverend Carol Wade and serves a unique downtown Lexington ministry. Some of Christ Church’s many community outreach ministries include mentoring atrisk students, serving the homeless through Room in the Inn and Church Under the Bridge ministries, and providing Christmas gifts to needy children through the Angel Tree project. Many lives have been changed by the ministry of this church. Indeed, my own family has been blessed by this vibrant spiritual community: I served in the Christ Church men’s and boys’ choir during my childhood years; I participated in services as an acolyte as a young man; my wife Carol and I were married in the Cathedral in 2008; and both of our daughters were baptized there. As the Cathedral celebrates its historic 220th anniversary, its members will continue their ministry to worship and serve God through Jesus Christ. My family and I are honored to call Christ Church Cathedral our spiritual home and I am honored to recognize this historic Cathedral before the United States House of Representatives. f 
COMMENDING HERITAGE BAPTIST CHURCH ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 35TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 35th anniversary of Heritage Baptist Church, led by Pastor Michael Edwards. During its 35 years of selfless service to the Kingdom of God and to the community, this church has proven itself to be a congregation full of energy, conviction, and action. Heritage Baptist Church was founded by Pastor Michael E. Edwards and held its first service on June 28, 1981 at Potomac Senior High School. One year later, in 1982, Heritage Baptist Church moved to a new location on Telegraph Road in Woodbridge. As the church continued to grow in faith and in members, Heritage built a new church on Spriggs Road in Woodbridge, Virginia where it has continued its growth and expansion. Sensing the role it could play in the community and in educating children, Heritage Baptist church opened Heritage Christian School. The School began as a K5 through 9th grade institution with 70 students and, through the Lord’s blessing, has grown to over 390 children in K4 through 12th grades. The School’s mission is to equip young people, both academically and spiritually, to fight for the faith and to engage culture in the service of Jesus Christ. Heritage Baptist Church, with Heritage Christian School, has served the community by opening their doors to our office on April 30th, 2016. Heritage Baptist facilitated our Women Veterans Forum and staffed the event to help meet our administrative needs. Attended by representatives from the Veterans Affairs’ Administration, the Virginia Department of Veteran Services, and many other Veteran service organizations, the event celebrated the role women have played in our nation’s military and provided support resources to our local women Veterans. Heritage Baptist Church’s support of this event shows their commitment to our nation’s military, Veterans, and larger community. Mr. Speaker, it is with heartfelt gratitude that I congratulate Heritage Baptist Church on their 35th anniversary. I pray that the Lord will continue to bless and prosper this congregation for many years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING DAVID P. BOBZIEN ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT AS FAIRFAX COUNTY ATTORNEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and commend David P. Bobzien, of Reston, on the occasion of his retirement after a distinguished career spanning three decades of public service to the residents of Fairfax County, the largest local jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Virginia and the National Capital Region. For the past 23 years, David has served as the Fairfax County Attorney. Prior to that, he served four years on the Fairfax Planning Commission, representing the former Centreville District, and he also is a past chairman of the Fairfax County Goals Advisory Commission. I had the great pleasure of working with David throughout my 14 years on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, particularly during my 5 years as chairman. David was responsible for providing sound legal advice to the Board of Supervisors on any number of issues, from land use and zoning applications to civil litigation to personnel matters. He was always meticulous and thoughtful in his approach and was a trusted counselor to the board and county staff. David also has more than a decade of service with the federal government, where he served as assistant counsel in the Office of Professional Responsibility of the Department of Justice. Prior to that, he spent four years in private practice as an associate with the Fairfax firm of Fitzgerald and Smith, and he also 
served four years as a Captain in the Judge Advocate General’s Corps of the United States Army. Mr. Bobzien has ably represented Fairfax on a number of boards and associations and has used his passion for the law to benefit communities across the Commonwealth. He is a former president of the Virginia State Bar. He was the first government attorney ever to hold that post. He is a past chair of the Local Government Law Section of the Virginia State Bar, a past president of the Local Government Attorneys of Virginia, a past president of Lawyers Helping Lawyers, the organization that assists lawyers in Virginia suffering from substance addiction or mental illness, a past president of the Fairfax Law Foundation, and a past president of the Virginia Law Foundation. Even as he neared retirement, David has remained active and is the current chairman of the Virginia CLE Committee of the Virginia Law Foundation and is a board member of Virginia Law Foundation, the Fairfax Law Foundation, and Lawyers Helping Lawyers. He is a Virginia State Bar delegate in the American Bar Association’s House of Delegates having previously served on the ABA’s Commission on Domestic and Sexual Violence. He is a fellow of the Fairfax Law Foundation and the Virginia Law Foundation and a Life Fellow of the American Bar Foundation. His leadership and commitment to the law have been recognized by his peers. In 2012, David was selected to receive the Golden Gavel Award from the Fairfax Law Foundation’s Society of Fellows. The Golden Gavel Award recognizes individuals, organizations, and businesses for their exceptional community service. Mr. Speaker, David Bobzien’s commitment to our community and the mission of local government is unparalleled, and he leaves behind a legacy of integrity that will benefit our community for generations to come. His career in public service is truly commendable and deserving of our sincere appreciation. When I was chairman of the county board, we often joked when retirement announcements like this came before the board that we should pass an ordinance to disallow such talented and dedicated professionals to leave public service. I certainly wish that was the case here. I have been privileged to call David not only a professional colleague but also a constituent and a friend. I wish David and his wife, Cathy, and the rest of their family the best of luck in his retirement, and I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in expressing our appreciation for his unswerving devotion to serving the residents of Fairfax County. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the annual Smithsonian Folklife Festival which begins on June 29 and focuses this year on the Basques. Their history, contributions, and culture will be highlighted through music, storytelling, artifacts, and food. Since the late 1800s, the Basques have been an integral part of Nevada’s story. Well known and highly respected Basque families in Nevada include the Laxalts, Ascuaguas, Etcheverrias, Juaristis, and Goicoecheas, among others, who have left a legacy at all levels of government, business, academia, and the legal profession. Their history has been recorded in the sheep camps of the Northern Nevada mountains and in the boarding houses of small towns like Elko, Winnemucca, Battle Mountain, and Ely. Their strength of character and perseverance inspire us all. I look forward to seeing some of Nevada’s Basque dancers on the National Mall, and I invite you to join me in celebrating this amazing community and its heritage. f 
HONORING THE 65TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ROSE OF SHARON MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Rose of Sharon Missionary Baptist Church as they celebrate their 65th anniversary. Over the last 65 years, Rose of Sharon has served as a place of worship for countless numbers of West Texans. Rose of Sharon was founded by Reverend A.H. Goings in 1951. After meeting in various homes for several years, the church finally found a permanent home on 300 Fitch St. in June of 1985 under the leadership of Reverend J.W. Hanson. From that point moving forward, the church was able to flourish as they made it their mission to spread the teachings of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Tragically on June 25, 2014, the church burned down and was declared a total loss. But out of the ashes and through the power of prayer and the support of the First Baptist Church of Odessa, Rose of Sharon persevered and overcame the adversity that they were dealt. After many months of rebuilding, Rose of Sharon reopened the doors to their newly constructed house of worship in February 2016. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the Rose of Sharon Baptist Church as they celebrate their 65th anniversary. I wish them continued success moving forward. May God continue to bless the parishioners and the church leaders for many years to come. 
CONGRATULATING COLONEL GUY T. SHIELDS ON HIS INDUCTION INTO THE ARMY PUBLIC AFFAIRS HALL OF FAME 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today, we are here to honor Colonel Guy T. Shields on his induction into the Army Public Affairs Hall of Fame, an honor deserving of a man who has dedicated his life to serving our country. Colonel Shields’ accomplishments are many, and his time in the Army has been a story of passion, leadership, and innovation. For nearly twenty years he served in the Army as a Public Affairs Officer, and he established himself as a media relations expert. He was respected and trusted by all he worked with: internal and external media, his military superiors, his peers, and his subordinates. At the NATO Nuclear Planning Conference in 1987, he successfully established an international press center, and under his guidance a team was able to handle more than 200 members of the international media for four days. His success continued as he covered stories and events such as the 50th Anniversary of the Normandy Landings, Exercise Double Eagle, Operations Support Hope, Just Cause, Golden Pheasant, and Iraqi Freedom. While working in Bosnia he coordinated the construction and operation of a radio tower and taught a team who had never worked with the equipment before how to broadcast messages to the Bosnian people. He truly has done it all. Colonel Shields’ time spent as an Army Public Affairs Officer set the standards for contingency public affairs operations for the Army and Joint Operations. Through his service, he set an example for contingency deployments worldwide in both peacetime and war. Every day I am grateful for the sacrifices and work that our service men and women do and Colonel Shields exemplifies both a dedication to our country as well as a model soldier with exceptional public affairs skills. I would like to join in congratulating him on this much deserved award. f 
HONORING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE WEST SPRINGFIELD ROTARY CLUB FIRE, RESCUE AND FIRST RESPONDER AWARDS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the West Springfield Rotary Club and to congratulate the recipients of the 2016 Fire, Rescue, and First Responder of the Year Awards. The West Springfield Rotary Club (WSRC) was established over 25 years ago, making it one of the oldest of the nearly 60 clubs that comprise Rotary District 7610. Throughout its existence, the WSRC and its members have dedicated themselves to service to our neighbors and our community. Each year, the WSRC recognizes area first responders who have gone above and beyond the call of duty. This year, the three individuals who will be honored are stationed at West Springfield Fire Station 27, and it is my honor to submit their names and to congratulate each of them on receiving this award. Master Technician Hyun Lee has been a Fairfax County firefighter for 12 years, the last six as an engine driver. Two years ago, she earned the proficiency designation of Master Technician (MT) and assumed additional responsibilities including company and battalion level training and ensuring proficiency of the station. Master Technician Lee is known for her handson instruction and training of newer firefighters and personal attention to their professional growth. Her dedication has allowed her to instill her work ethic and passion into 
the trainees at Fire Station 27. In addition to her work on the job, Master Technician Lee serves as Secretary and Treasurer of the Fairfax County Asian Firefighter Association. Technician William Harrington has been a Fairfax County firefighter for eight years, serving as an EMS Technician for the past four. He is also a paramedic and has volunteered as a preceptor to instruct new medics. He is described as tireless and thorough, and goes above and beyond even on his days off. Technician Harrington truly exemplifies the motto of ‘‘service above self,’’ through his initiative and ability to lead by example in even the most dangerous of situations. He is a role model to all and sets the tone for others to follow and succeed. Fire Technician Antwaun Hawkins has served for more than 11 years with the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department and has been with West Springfield station since 2012. He currently serves as the EMS Technician on the Bshift and is Operator in Charge of Medic 427 nearly every day. He has successfully completed Hazmat School and is completing Inspections training to build his skills, expertise, and to open up advancement opportunities in the future. Even with the demands of his position and family responsibilities to his wife and sons, he is known for his calming presence and philosophical conversations. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me commending the West Springfield Rotary Club for its support of our community and our first responders, and in congratulating the recipients of the 2016 Fire, Rescue, and First Responders of the Year awards. These individuals along with their colleagues throughout the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department do not hesitate to place themselves in harm’s way to protect and serve county residents and property. I thank each of them for their service, bravery, and dedication. Stay Safe. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Camp Boggy Creek, headquartered in Orlando, Florida, on the occasion of its 20th anniversary. Camp Boggy Creek was founded in 1996 by actor/philanthropist Paul Newman and General H. Norman Schwarzkopf, with one simple premise in mind, that every child, no matter their illness, could experience the transformational spirit and friendships that go hand in hand with camp. With unobtrusive expert medical care, it was their dream that Camp would provide seriously ill children with a funfilled experience defined by compassion, laughter and acceptance. Since 1996, Camp Boggy Creek has made it possible for children with serious illnesses to enjoy a camp experience in a safe, medically sound environment. Located in central Florida, the 232acre camp serves children ages 7 through 16 who have been diagnosed with chronic or lifethreatening conditions. Camp Boggy Creek never charges campers to attend and never asks them to contribute anything other than a positive, playful attitude. The camp is entirely funded by generous donations from individuals, corporations, foundations and healthcare partners. Camp Boggy Creek is a proud member of SeriousFun Children’s Network. As a yearround retreat, Camp Boggy Creek is able to serve thousands of campers and their families through activitypacked weekly and weekend camp programs. The camp offers children the chance to catch their first fish, go horseback riding or climb a ropes tower, all while making new friends. Beyond boundless fun, Camp Boggy Creek provides fellowship. Children can spend time with others who are just like them and share their life experiences, which serves as a reminder that they are not alone. It is my honor to recognize Camp Boggy Creek on the occasion of its 20th anniversary. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RETIRED AIR FORCE MASTER SERGEANT FRED ‘‘BULLDOG’’ BECKER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House Floor today with a heavy heart. On June 11, 2016, a ‘‘Bulldog’’ in the Alaska Veterans community passed from our world, and joined his comrades from Vietnam, family, and friends in Heaven above. On behalf of the countless Alaskans who were touched by Retired Air Force Master Sergeant Fred ‘‘Bulldog’’ Becker, Mr. Speaker, I would like to share my condolences with his son Fred, daughters Elizabeth, Melinda, and their many grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I recall one special occasion when I joined Bulldog on our nation’s birthday, July 4, 2010, after he and his brothers in arms rode across the country in honor of fallen Naval Chief Special Warfare Operator Lance Vacarro. From the moment we met so many years ago, to that day in 2010, and until his passing, his commitment to his fallen brothers was neverending, and I will always treasure our friendship. Mr. Speaker, though Bulldog was never one to flaunt his own achievements, it is only fitting to mention several of them in recognition of this remarkable Alaskan. Bulldog served his country in the United States Air Force for 20 years, including three tours in Vietnam, before retiring in 1981. Among his many commendations, he is the recipient of the Air Force Commendation Medal with 1 Oak Leaf cluster, a Presidential Unit Citation, the Vietnam Service Medal, the Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross with Palm, and the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal. Mr. Speaker, upon ‘‘Bulldog’’ Becker’s retirement, he chose to call the great state of Alaska home. In Alaska, and across the country, he was a tireless advocate for our nation’s veterans. He proudly dedicated his life to serving our nation, my home State of Alaska, and all those who wore the uniform of our great nation. Mr. Speaker, Master Sergeant Becker never backed down from a challenge. A proud member of the Vietnam Veterans Motorcycle Club and later the Combat Veterans Motorcycle Club, he always fought to ensure our men and women in uniform received the care and respect they not only deserved, but earned. Mr. Speaker, I have always believed that a hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than themselves. In the eyes of anyone who knew him, MSgt. Fred ‘‘Bulldog’’ Becker was a true American hero. Bulldog, Godspeed my friend, until I see you again, riding through the clouds of Heaven. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, on June 16, 2016 the House voted on 26 amendments to H.R. 5293, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Congressman CONYERS offered an amendment, roll call vote number 327, to block funds from being used to transfer or authorize the transfer of cluster munitions to Saudi Arabia. Amendment votes are taken in quick succession, with two minutes allowed for each. I mistakenly voted NO when I meant to vote AYE on Mr. CONYERS ’ amendment. Saudi Arabia is a U.S. ally in the Middle East, supporting our counterterrorism efforts in the region. As with many allies, the United States enters into agreements to sell military equipment to help achieve mutual goals. Included in the sale with Saudi Arabia were cluster munitions. Alarmingly, Saudi Arabia has used cluster munitions contrary to U.S. law which prohibits the use of this weapon in populated areas and those that have a failure rate of above 1 percent. Cluster munitions contain multiple, explosive submunitions that are released midair and spread out, making targeting a specific location difficult and may put civilians in harm’s way. The weapon is designed to kill enemy personnel and destroy their transportation and infrastructure. When used improperly, the cluster munitions are a danger to innocent civilians. Additionally, unpredictable landings and explosive remnants can put civilians in danger long after the violence had ended. This is a human rights issue. President Obama recently blocked the sale of cluster munitions to Saudi Arabia for use in Yemen amid reports by human rights organizations that have documented killing and wounding of civilians in violation of U.S. law. I support the President’s decision to halt the sale of these dangerous weapons and support Congressman CONYERS ’ amendment to prevent the sale of cluster munitions in the Department of Defense Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2017. 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NORTH SPRINGFIELD CIVIC ASSOCIATION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the North 
Springfield Civic Association on the occasion of its 60th anniversary. North Springfield was forest and meadows when developer Edward R. Carr received the permits to create a community here. Construction started in 1954, and the first homes were occupied around July 1, 1955. The North Springfield Civic League (later renamed Association) was formed shortly thereafter with the first official meeting on January 25, 1956. Over the last 60 years, the North Springfield Civic Association has led the effort to promote civic pride among its residents, inform the community about local and regional issues that affect the residents, and advocate for land use policies and public service investments that benefit the community. The quality of life and community spirit enjoyed by the residents now is a testament to their success. As the former president of my own civic association, I know firsthand that when residents invest their time, care, and energies in their communities, it benefits us all. Fairfax County is considered one of the best places in the nation in which to work, live, and raise a family, largely because of the willingness of so many to become actively involved. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the North Springfield Civic Association on its 60th anniversary and in thanking all of the residents for their tireless efforts and dedication to the community and region. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rocky Heights Middle School for being designated as a School to Watch by the National Forum to Accelerate MiddleGrades Reform this year. This designation recognizes Rocky Heights Middle School, as well as 145 other schools nationwide, as being ontrack to fulfill the requirements to be designated as a school of high performance. Rocky Heights Middle School’s designation as a School to Watch places it in an elite tier of adolescent education institutions. The National Forum sets criteria for high performance in middle schools, which includes, creating an environment that challenges all students, setting up structures that address and account for the significant and unique challenges of students in early adolescence, and ensuring that students have access to highquality teachers and resources. Rocky Heights Middle School, as a School to Watch, is well on its way to meeting these criteria. Its high level of academic achievement and its strong community have fostered an excellent educational environment for the students of Rocky Heights. This designation is an affirmation of the excellent achievements of Rocky Heights’ students, as well as the continually improving work being done by the faculty. I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to the students and teachers of Rocky Heights Middle School for being one of the nation’s premier adolescent education institutions. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. STEVE COHEN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on June 10, 2016, I attended a funeral and I was unable to vote on H.R. 5325, H. Con. Res. 89, and H. Con. Res. 112. If present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Ellison of Minnesota Amendment No. 2, ‘‘nay’’ on Blackburn of Tennessee Amendment No. 6, ‘‘yea’’ on Takano of California Amendment No. 11, ‘‘nay’’ on Pearce of New Mexico Amendment No. 13, ‘‘yea’’ on the Motion to Recommit H.R. 5325 with Instructions, ‘‘nay’’ on passage of H.R. 5325, ‘‘nay’’ on H. Con. Res. 89, and ‘‘nay’’ on H. Con. Res. 112. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I regretfully missed the following roll call votes on Thursday, June 23, 2016. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘NO’’ on the following roll call votes: Roll Call 341—H. Res. 797, the rule for the Conference Report for H.R. 2577. Roll Call 342—H.R. 2577, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 and Zika Conference Report. 
RECOGNIZING THE 2016 INSTITUTE FOR EXCELLENCE IN SALES & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD RECIPIENTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 2016 recipients of the Lifetime Achievement Awards presented by the Institute for Excellence in Sales & Business Development (IES). IES was created to foster excellence in business sales and development practices and to help sales professionals and organizations maximize their efforts. IES conducts a variety of workshops and programs designed to provide the knowledge and tools necessary to advance the careers and growth of those who attend. Each year, IES recognizes individuals, teams, and organizations throughout the United States who demonstrate exemplary performance through leadership, risk taking, innovation, vision, and customer development. Awards are presented in categories including Excellence in Sales Innovation, Excellence in Sales Training, Excellence in Sales Management, Excellence in Customer Partnering, and Excellence in Strategic Alliances. In addition, Lifetime Achievement Awards are bestowed to a select few who have demonstrated continued success and have made significant contributions in their fields. The recipients of the 2016 Lifetime Achievement Awards are the founders and leaders of immixGroup, a government contract management firm based in McLean, Virginia in the heart of the 11th District. I am pleased to congratulate Art Richer, Steve Charles and Jeff Copeland on receiving this prestigious award. Mr. Richer currently serves as VicePresident, Arrow ECS. An accomplished sales and business development executive who has spent more than 25 years selling information technology products and services within the government sector, Mr. Richer has extensive experience working with technology manufacturers of all sizes, ranging very large and established companies to numerous high growth and emerging technology firms. Mr. Charles cofounded immixGroup in 1997. Over the past two decades he has helped hundreds of technology manufacturers succeed in the government marketplace. Mr. Charles is actively involved in governmentindustry associations including TechAmerica, ACT–IAC, Coalition for Government Procurement, and the National Contract Management Association. A recognized expert in every dimension of the government technology ecosystem, he meets regularly with leaders in government and industry to increase understanding and positive action. Mr. Copeland began his career with immixGroup as cofounder of the company along with Mr. Charles. Beginning in 1997, he served as Chairman and CEO before transitioning to Executive Chairman in 2013. Mr. Copeland has earned a reputation for building and managing highly effective government teams that set records for revenue and profitability. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Art Richer, Steve Charles and Jeff Copeland for their innovative and effective leadership and in congratulating them on receiving the 2016 IES Lifetime Achievement Awards. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Father Geoffrey Baraan in celebration of over a decade of dedicated service as Pastor of St. Anne Catholic Church in Union City. Before Father Geoffrey became a priest he was a counselor, a role that helped him understand the many needs and concerns of the people to whom he has ministered. He entered St. Joseph College Seminary in Los Altos in 1990 and completed his studies at St. Patrick’s Seminary in Menlo Park. Diocese of Oakland Bishop John Cummins ordained him to the priesthood in 1997, and he began serving as parochial vicar at St. Augustine Parish in Pleasanton. Later he was appointed parochial vicar at St. Joseph Parish in Pinole and then as parochial administrator at St. Ignatius Parish in Antioch in 2001. In 2005, he assumed the role of Pastor at St. Anne. During his time as Pastor, Father Geoffrey was a beloved figure who inspired countless people. His compassionate communal leadership fostered unity in one of the most ethnically and culturally diverse parishes in the 
Diocese. He shepherded a ‘‘living church’’ where parishioners practiced their faith through service to others. Today, due to Father Geoffrey’s leadership, St. Anne is one of the largest parishes in my congressional district, with over 5,000 parishioners. In addition, ministry groups have thrived while faithfully and effectively serving Union City and the entire TriCity area. They have established a variety of programs to assist the homeless and hungry in their community. Father Geoffrey was also instrumental in establishing S.M.A.R.T., which stands for ‘‘St. Anne Medical Action Response Team.’’ He helped assemble a medical team of over 80 volunteers, including doctors, nurses, medical students, and other health professionals to provide first aid and basic care to parishioners during all of the oftencrowded weekend services. Father Geoffrey will begin a new ministry starting on July 1, 2016, when he becomes Pastor of St. Joseph’s Church and School in Pinole. I wish to thank Father Geoffrey on his contributions to the 15th Congressional District during his time at St. Anne, and I wish him well in his new assignment. 
IN HONOR OF MARILYN BITTERMAN AND HER RETIREMENT FROM COMMUNITY BOARD 7 IN NEW YORK’S 14TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Marilyn Bitterman. Marilyn is a beloved member of the Queens community, who plans to retire after 40 years of service to Community Board 7. Marilyn has been working parttime for the Community Board since 1976 and was promoted to Assistant District Manager in 1984. In 1988, she was appointed to the position of District Manager, and she has worked diligently for the people of Queens ever since. She has been a blessing to the community for over four decades and the Community Board, and surrounding community, will miss her dearly. Marilyn is an extremely active member of the Queens community in many ways. She has worked on the Borough President’s Flushing Meadows Corona Park Coordination Committee and the Queens Traffic Safety Board. She currently sits on the Community Advisory Boards of Flushing Hospital and the New YorkPresbyterian Hospital Queens. She is a graduate of the Citizens Police Academy and presently serves as copresident of the Bay Terrace Garden Jewish Center. Marilyn is an incredible and giving individual, who has dedicated her life to the betterment of her community. At the end of August, Marilyn will be retiring as District Manager from the Community Board. She has worked for much of her life to improve her community, and I would like to personally thank her for her dedication to serving the residents of Queens. I also would like to acknowledge Marilyn’s loving husband, Jack, two children, Noel and Tracy, a sonin law, Michael, and three grandchildren, Gabriel, Sadie and Cassidy, and thank them for sharing Marilyn with the people of Queens for so many years. While the Community Board may be losing an asset to their team, the whole community is extremely grateful to Marilyn for her many years of selfless service. I hope all my colleagues will join me in honoring Marilyn Bitterman’s service to the Queens community and in wishing her a happy retirement. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE EXTRAORDINARY SERVICE OF AMBASSADOR RUTH A. DAVIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Ambassador Ruth A. Davis on receiving the prestigious Lifetime Contributions to American Diplomacy award. I want to give thanks to this exceptional public servant for her exemplary service to her country as a United States diplomat. Her contributions to American diplomacy over the length of her impressive career with the Department of State, as well as in retirement, have contributed to making the world a safer and more peaceful place. Her vision has especially ensured that the future of America’s diplomacy reflects our country’s strength—its diversity. Ambassador Davis was born in Phoenix, Arizona, but was primarily raised in Atlanta, Georgia during the Jim Crow era. She graduated magna cum laude from Spelman College where she studied abroad in Europe and the Middle East as a Merrill Scholar. She later received her Master’s Degree from the University of California at Berkeley. In 1969, she embarked on one of the most challenging and rewarding careers as a U.S. diplomat. Among her many notable accomplishments, Ambassador Davis was the first African American to become a Career Ambassador, the highest ranking position within the Foreign Service. At the time of her retirement, she was the longestserving Career Ambassador in the department’s history. Her hard work, sacrifice, and dedication to public service allowed her to serve her country all over the globe including in Porto, Benin, Nairobi, Kenya, Tokyo, Japan, Barcelona, Spain, and Naples, Italy. As the Consul General in Barcelona, Spain, she played an important leadership role in the organization of the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games, and later utilized her experience to help Atlanta’s successful Olympic bid in 1996. As a colleague and a friend, I have always admired her strength, tenacity, and selflessness in choosing to serve on the frontlines of American foreign policy at a time when the participation of African Americans and women was not welcomed at home or abroad. Through her leadership, she emulated the excellence of our society to America’s global partners and pioneered a path and secured a place for minorities to represent our nation as diplomats. Her unique talents and skills continued to bring greater understanding of and interaction between domestic and foreign policy matters. As a Pearson Fellow, she worked as a Special Advisor for International Affairs for the Washington, DC Municipal Government where she substantially enhanced the city’s involvement in the international, economic, cultural, and diplomatic fields. In 2002, she was nominated by Secretary of State Colin Powell and appointed by President George W. Bush as the Director General of the U.S. Foreign Service. As the Director General, Ambassador Davis managed the promotion, discipline, career development, recruitment, and retirement policies and for all of the State Department’s Foreign and Civil Service employees. During her time in Washington, she generously imparted her knowledge, expertise, and wisdom as the Distinguished Advisor for International Affairs at Howard University. I am lucky to count Ambassador Davis as a friend and a fellow advocate of civil rights. She has dedicated her life in the Foreign Service and beyond to fostering the next diverse generation of diplomats. Her work as a mentor and supporter of those from underrepresented backgrounds will ensure that America’s diplomatic force mirrors the beautiful mosaic of races, religions, and ethnicities in our country. From her service at Howard University, to the President of the Thursday Luncheon Group, an affinity group at the State Department, to her helping found the International Women’s Entrepreneurial Challenge, to her endless support for the Charles B. Rangel Fellowship, she has worked tirelessly to ensure that the Foreign Service is a more inclusive, and thus a more effective institution. I am certain that her efforts in diversifying the American diplomatic corps and mentoring rising diplomats will continue to advance the safety, security, and prosperity of our country for years to come. Mr. Speaker, for this, I ask that you and my distinguished colleagues in Congress join me in applauding this extraordinary public servant, whose service to our country has made the U.S. and the world a better place. 
RECOGNIZING PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS ON OBTAINING CERTIFICATIONS AND RENEWALS FOR THE NATIONAL BOARD FOR PROFESSIONAL TEACHING STANDARDS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Prince William County Public School Division and congratulate the following educators on being certified by the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards. The National Board is an independent nonprofit organization dedicated to supporting excellence in education and is governed by classroom teachers, school administrators, school board leaders, governors and state legislators, higher education officials, teacher union leaders, and business and community leaders. To qualify for certification, each teacher must meet or exceed the demanding standards established by the National Board and must successfully complete a rigorous multicomponent assessment that demonstrates that he or she has mastered the knowledge, skills and practices required of an accomplished educator. A National Board Certification denotes 
the most respected professional certification available in the education field. Obtaining certification and completing the renewal process is a personal and public statement of one’s commitment to the evolution of effective instruction methods. Certified educators support a vision of teaching based on the following five core principles: 1. Teachers are committed to students and their learning; 2. Teachers know the subjects they teach and how to teach those subjects to students; 3. Teachers are responsible for managing and monitoring student learning; 4. Teachers think systematically about their practice and learn from experience; and 5. Teachers are members of learning communities. I extend my personal congratulations and appreciation to the following National Board Certified Teachers for receiving their respective certifications and renewals: Ali M. Allen, Minnieville Elementary School Cassandra Cornwell, Tyler Elementary School Carolyn Doyle, Montclair Elementary School Kimberly Lervold, Vaughan Elementary School Martha Lipscomb, Antietam Elementary School (Renewal) Jessica Mason, Triangle Elementary School Tanya Parrott, Chris Yung Elementary School (Renewal) Laura Provencio, Montclair Elementary School Sheryl Quinlan, Marsteller Middle School (Renewal) Kelly Serrano, West Gate Elementary School Sarah Tracy, Minnieville Elementary School Gerald Vile, Marsteller Middle School (Renewal) Tamara Zimmerman, Saunders Middle School (Renewal) Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending these teachers for their commitment to education, professional development, and the students of Prince William County Public Schools. The worldclass education provided to our students is due to the tireless efforts of teachers who make excellence the standard and I thank them for their invaluable contributions. 
ON THE RETIREMENT OF U.S. ARMY COLONEL CAROLYN CLOSSWALFORD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Colonel Carolyn ClossWalford, the Senior Strategic Advisor to the Director of the Army National Guard, on her retirement. Colonel ClossWalford is a career Army officer who dedicated her life to protecting and supporting our great nation. As a young college student at WinstonSalem State University in WinstonSalem, North Carolina, she discovered her passion for the Army and joined the Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC). Upon graduation, she was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the Signal Corps and accepted a reserve commission in the Army Reserve. While in Washington, D.C., she also completed her graduate studies at National Louis University and later transferred to the Quartermaster Corps to fulfill the Army Reserve’s mission of combat service support. Colonel ClossWalford served as a ‘‘Citizen Soldier’’ and demonstrated continuous commitment throughout her deployment and service in Southwest Asia during Operation Desert Storm. Her impressive leadership skills did not go unnoticed, and Colonel ClossWalford became a fulltime active soldier serving as the Logistics Planner for the European Command with extensive travel to Germany, Bosnia, and Kosovo. Colonel ClossWalford has devoted her life to public service. She has served in senior positions in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense and acted as an interagency liaison to the National Security Council, the United States Congress, and the Departments of Defense and State. She has also had the distinct honor of serving as the Director for Global Outreach in the White House for U.S. Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, fulfilling a variety of roles that provided support to the President, Deputy National Security Advisor, and the Counselor to the President. Additionally, Colonel ClossWalford served members of the U.S. House of Representatives and their staffs in the Army’s House Liaison Division where she tracked and influenced legislation that impacted the Army’s budget and missions. Colonel ClossWalford organized and led 16 congressional delegations to Iraq, more than any other Legislative Liaison during that time. Her most recent assignment was in the Office of the Chief of Staff of the Army (CSA), where she served as a Military Fellow. Handpicked by the CSA, she was responsible for identifying and studying potential obstacles that the Army is projected to face in the year 2025 and beyond. Colonel ClossWalford’s extensive experience in defending and protecting our country demonstrates her true commitment to our great nation, a dedication that deserves the highest recognition and acknowledgement. Colonel ClossWalford embodies the definition of a true patriot, steadfast in her devotion to answer no matter what the call. Mr. Speaker, Colonel ClossWalford has spent her life advancing the mission of the United States of America, on both the domestic and international stage. She has solidified a legacy of patriotism that will live on through each person that has been fortunate enough to work with her. On behalf of a most grateful nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Colonel Carolyn ClossWalford on her retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present in the House chamber for certain roll call votes on Thursday, June 23rd. Had I been present on these days, I would have voted ‘nay’ on roll calls 339, 340, 341 and 342. TRIBUTE TO DESHAUNA BARBER HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Deshauna Barber of Northeast Washington, D.C., a graduate of Virginia State University and the University of Maryland University College, who was crowned Miss USA 2016 this month. Ms. Barber demonstrates the best qualities of District residents, and we believe she will bring out their best qualities as well during her reign. We are particularly proud that Ms. Barber is a lieutenant in the United States Army Reserve, serving as a Logistics Commander for the 988th Quartermaster Detachment Unit at Fort Meade, Maryland. She also works as an IT consultant at the United States Department of Commerce. During her downtime, Ms. Barber enjoys hometown D.C., and has a particular fondness for Gallery Place in Chinatown and our hometown staple Ben’s Chili Bowl. Deshauna is a strong advocate for gender equality, particularly for our nation’s military women. The nation, especially the District of Columbia, takes great pride in the constellation of characteristics and talents Miss District of Columbia brings to her work as Miss USA 2016. A District resident has won Miss USA only three times. Lt. Barber’s victory comes at a watershed moment when District residents will be asked to approve a new D.C. statehood constitution in November. This effort has already significantly increased the visibility of D.C. statehood throughout the country. Our D.C. Miss USA almost surely brings new interest in her hometown and everything about D.C., including its quest for statehood. Today, Miss USA 2016, Deshauna Barber, has earned not only her title, but, like the almost 700,000 other residents of the District, the right to full and equal citizenship. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Miss District of Columbia, Deshauna Barber, the 2016 Miss USA, and to thank her for her service to the country as a lieutenant in the United States Army Reserve and as a representative of the best of the citizens of the District of Columbia as Miss USA 2016. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a dedicated group of men and women in Northern Virginia. Every year, each member of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors selects two people from his or her district who have demonstrated outstanding volunteer service, heroism, or other exceptional commitments and contributions to our community. Since the program’s inception in 1984, approximately 600 individuals have earned the honor of being named a Lord or Lady Fairfax by his or her representative on the Board of 
Supervisors. The Board also traditionally recognizes these individuals during a reception held in conjunction with the annual Celebrate Fairfax! Festival in June. This year, the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors will recognize those individuals who have made tremendous impacts through their support of our public schools, parks, youth sports leagues, arts community, public safety, and human service programs. It is nearly impossible to fully describe the diversity of accomplishments of the honorees. Their efforts contribute greatly to the quality of life for the residents of Fairfax County and are worthy of our praise and sincere appreciation. It is my honor to submit the names of the 2016 Lords and Ladies Fairfax: AtLarge: Lady Shirley Ginwright and Lord Michael J. Hershman Braddock District: Lady Ellen Jean ‘‘Nell’’ Hurley and Lord George C. Klein Dranesville District: Lady Barbara A. Glakas and Lord William Glenn Yarborough, Jr. Hunter Mill District: Lady Michele Hymer Blitz and Lord James G. Lewis, Jr. Lee District: Lady Burnette G. Scarboro and Lord Jack Pitzer Mason District: Lady Deborah ‘‘Debo’’ Burk and Lord Charles de Seve Mount Vernon District: Lady Marcia Hanson and Lord Larry Clark Providence District: Lady Anne Suter Zimmer and Lord Stephen A. McLaughlin Springfield District: Lady Lisa Friedrich Becker and Lord Mark W. Fitzpatrick Sully District: Lady Kelly Lavin and Lord E. Mark McConn, Jr. I also commend the following recipients of the James M. Scott Community Spirit Award and the Celebrate Fairfax! Festival Volunteer of the Year Awards: James M. Scott Community Spirit Award: The Peterson Companies & The Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office Community Labor Force Celebrate Fairfax! Festival Volunteer of the Year Award: The Levy Family. In addition, several students will be recognized as Celebrate Fairfax Community Spirit Scholars and Emerging Artist Scholars. I congratulate the following honorees for receiving these awards: Community Spirit Scholars: Alec Soulders, Bridget Ray, Michelle Ma, Rebecca Jacobi, Revathi Mohan, Layla Fawaz, Lauren Eller, Alek Langford, Joel Galloway, Anastasia Slepukhova, Kayla Blatman Emerging Artist Scholars: Doi Kim, Annie Saavedra, Hee Ra Pyo Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending and expressing our gratitude to these men and women who volunteer their time and energy on behalf of our community. Their efforts provide immeasurable benefits to their fellow residents and serve to strengthen and enrich the Fairfax County community. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to an unforeseen conflict, I unavoidably missed the following votes June 22–23, 2016. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: On roll call No. 337, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (June 22) (On Ordering the Previous Question for H.J. Res. 88, ‘‘Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘Fiduciary.’ ’’) On roll call No. 338, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (June 22) (On passage, objections of the President to the contrary notwithstanding for H.J. Res. 88, ‘‘Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘Fiduciary.’ ’’) On roll call No. 339, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (June 23) (On Motion to Fix Next Convening Time.) On roll call No. 340, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (June 23) (On Motion to Adjourn.) On roll call No. 341, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (June 23) (On Agreeing to the Resolution ‘‘Providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from June 23, 2016, through July 4, 2016; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules.’’) On roll call No. 342, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (June 23) (On Agreeing to the Conference Report H.R. 2577, ‘‘Making appropriations for the Department of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.’’) f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 339 I was not present. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jan Sabo, the Assistant Superintendent of the Napa County Office of Education, upon her retirement from an impressive career in education that spanned 42 years. A New Jersey native, Ms. Sabo completed her B.S. in Education at Boston University and her Master in Education at Lesley University before attending the University of Massachusetts and the University of California, Davis for her postgraduate work. Ms. Sabo has held a number of positions during her 19 years with the Napa County Office of Education. She joined the office as a Resource Specialist and served as the Coordinator of Curriculum and Instruction and as Director of Curriculum and Instruction before assuming her current position as Assistant Superintendent of Academic Services. Throughout her time with the Napa County Office of Education, Ms. Sabo has overseen early childhood education and summer programs, and has dedicated particular attention to the development of academic services for special education and lowincome students. In addition to her work in education, Ms. Sabo is a leader in our community. She spearheaded the creation of the Education Support Team serving Napa, Solano, and Contra Costa, which raises funds to support education across three counties in Northern California. Ms. Sabo belongs to the Association of California School Administrators, is a board member of Congregation Beth Shalom, and cochairs the Every Student Succeeding Committee. She also volunteers time as a mentor for atrisk youth, to support the Humane Society, and with political organizations including the League of Conservation Voters. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Sabo has dedicated her career to ensuring every student in our community receives a topnotch education from the day they first step foot in a classroom. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement and many happy memories to come with her husband, Tom, and children Sam, Emma, and Mary. f 
HONORING THE AWARDEES OF THE LITERACY COUNCIL OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA RECOGNITION CELEBRATION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Literacy Council of Northern Virginia (LCNV) and to congratulate the volunteers, instructors, students, community partners, and others who will be recognized at the 2016 LCNV Recognition Celebration. The mission of LCNV is to teach adults the basic skills of reading, writing, speaking, and understanding English in order to empower them to participate more fully and confidently in their communities. LCNV serves lowliteracy and limited English language proficient adults with a selection of lowcost, moderately intensive courses to help them transition into the workforce or other educational opportunities. LCNV provides the crucial first steps of language and literacy learning for workplace, citizenship, and community integration to help adults make measurable improvements in their lives. Each year LCNV gathers at its Annandale headquarters to recognize students and members of the community who have achieved exceptional milestones. I am proud to submit the following LCNV honorees: Community Partnership Awards: Catalogue for Philanthropy, John Edward Fowler Memorial Foundation, Fairfax County Department of Neighborhood and Community Services Outstanding Student Achievement: Sofia Abdulkadir, Medina Ahmed, Nolberto Ballestero, Melida Nohemy Banegas, John Banks, Insaf Bekkaoui, David Beltz, Mustapha Boujadi, Evelin Campos, Haiping Chu, Albert Costanzo, Dukjun Ha, Jihyun Han, Su Chu Ho, Bai Hui Lin, Julio Marquez, Nargis Monny, Armida Montoya, Heydy Nunez, Mulki Omar, Toyin Owolabi, Shahnaz Parvin, Nisa Rasheed, Roqiya Rasooli, Rosa Recinos, 
Nelly Rojas, Miriam Rosas, Karla Ruiz, Saraya Saadat, Marliya Sabur, Alejandrina Tejada Gutierrez, Ligia Varela, Natividad Vicante Romero, Eddie Williams, Tidar Zirari, Maria Alvarado, Ana Argueta, Rosa Argueta, Sanam Azhar, Siedi Brhan, Lizbeth Caro, Lenin Foresca, Kit Ho, Leanne Lee, Maria Lujan, Juana Mata, Shaheen Mohammed, Tatiana Parras, Liliana Reyes, Huy To, Phuong Vuu Outstanding Instructor Achievement: Susan Akroyd, Karen AlKinani, Barbara Callen, Kathryn Contreras, Deborah Dakin, Diane DePallo, Pam DiRamio, Ruth Drees, Nancy Flores, Doris Garlock, Mimi Gronlund, Nastasya Kovalev, Beth Kramer, Janet Mackey, Rebecca McCary, Gordon McFarland, Norman Mesewicz, Betty Murphy, Michele Norris, Soo Park, Alexandra Roncal, Dennis Shannon, Mirna Solis, Stephanie Starrett, Pam Taylor, Michael Wesbecher, Susan Whitney, Loren Zander, Jody Sweet Volunteers of the Year: Anne Jillson, Rosemary Hofford, Doris Garlock, Nina Azuola, Claire Brown, William Knowlton, Patricia Matheson, Pat May, Karen Singer Americorps Recognition: Alexander Abdelwahed, Kathryn Contreras, Verro Ejiba, Rachel Lipscomb, Felisa Macaspac, Soo Park, Loren Zander In addition, the following LCNV volunteers are being recognized on their service anniversaries: 30 Years: Marykate Dougherty 20 Years: Susan Clayman, Anne Jillson, Nancy Treer 15 Years: Jan Auerbach, Michael Coogan, RoseMary Hayden, Ann Kurzius 10 Years: Claire Brown, Deborah Droller, Patricia Grajewski, Brendan Grajewski, Ryan Grajewski, Stephen Isaacson, Richard Morton, Debbie Pearce 5 Years: Karen AlKinani, Cynthia Baskin, Connie Bernhardt, Katherine Beyer, Maria Bolin, Alicia Brooks, Rhonda Buckner, Deborah Dakin, Molly Dias, Judy Fisher, Barbara Glotfelty, Lisbeth Goldberg, Terry Herrmann, Amy Jackson, Marshall Katz, Kim Kelley, Beth Kramer, Janet Mackey, Raymond Maier, John McElfresh, Christie Phillips, Alexandra Roncal, Sandy Tiemann, Janna Unterzuber, Stephen Weber, Susan Whitney Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating each of the honorees of the 2016 LCNV Recognition Celebration and in thanking them for their contributions to our community. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Protect America Act. On June 12, 2016 we watched in horror as a lone terrorist, pledging allegiance to ISIS, carried out the nation’s worst terror attack since September 11, 2001. As we continue to grieve and pray for those devastated by this attack, we must redouble our efforts and be clear in our resolve to protect our nation and her citizens from the radical Islamic terrorism that continues to target us. Part of the effort to protect our homeland must be to ensure the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other law enforcement officials have the tools they need to block terrorists from purchasing a gun. That’s why I support the Protect America Act which would establish a process to deny firearms and explosives to individuals suspected of terrorism. This common sense bill is carefully crafted to only target terrorists, and to protect the Constitutional principle of due process for lawabiding Americans who seek to exercise their Second Amendment rights. We must absolutely deny terrorists the means to attack us, but we must not undermine our freedom in the process. Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker, the threat of radical Islamic terrorism is real. And it is once again threatening us on our own soil. From Fort Hood, to Boston, to San Bernardino, and now to Orlando, we have been tragically reminded that there are radical Islamists who seek to kill us simply for who we are as a people. Blocking terrorists’ ability to purchase weapons that can be used to wage war on innocent Americans is an important step. But we must have clear eyes about what it will take to defeat this enemy. Our efforts to combat this radicalism must be carried out on multiple fronts: through diplomatic action, military force, and countering the finances used to carry out these attacks. We cannot back down in fear. We must fight back. We must win. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a wonderful friend and an accomplished leader in American Theater, Mr. Miles Wilkin. Mr. Wilkin was recently recognized with a National Special Tony Award for his innovation in bringing Broadway to communities across America. A sixtime Tony Winner, Miles Wilkin is the COO and Executive Vice President of Key Brand Entertainment and responsible for the vision and development of ‘‘Broadway Across America’s’’ significant touring network, which has expanded significantly over the years. Based on the simple principle that everyone cannot get to New York’s Broadway, those productions have been taken to cities across the United States, providing millions with great Broadway theater in their communities. Wilkin was one of the founders of North America Touring Theater, which initially brought these shows to people in every corner of our country. He was a past executive with Clear Channel Entertainment, PACE Entertainment and PACE Theatrical. Charlotte St. Martin, President of the Broadway League said, ‘‘Miles paved the road for the modem theater touring system.’’ At the June 12th American Theatre Wing’s 70th Annual Tony Awards in New York City, Miles Wilkin received a Special Tony Award for distinguished achievement and for his substantial work in promoting American Theatre and Broadway productions. It has been my great honor to know Miles Wilkin for nearly fifty years. He was a fellow student, friend and leader of Tau Kappa Epsilon at the University of Florida campus, where he launched his theater production career. Later on in Orlando, Florida, Miles successfully managed theater productions at the Bob Carr Auditorium in the community where we both resided. It has been wonderful to watch Miles advance his career over the years and bring America’s finest Broadway production to all of our doorsteps. It is fitting that my friend and promoter of the arts is the recipient of such a special and prestigious award and recognition. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Miles Wilkin on his accomplishments and contributions to American culture and theatre. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the AutoOwners Insurance Company’s onehundred years of serving citizens in Michigan and across the country. Founded in one room of a bank building in 1916, AutoOwners is now the largest property and casualty insurance company based in Michigan. AutoOwners maintains its headquarters in Lansing, Michigan, where it serves its policyholders with a team of more than 43,000 agents. Today, the company offers auto and life insurance claims to Americans in more than half the country. Over the last onehundred years, AutoOwners has consistently demonstrated its strength and commitment to its policyholders. During the Great Depression, the company paid all claims in cash, writing more than $2.5 million in insurance premiums, despite drastic deflation and widespread instability throughout the country. AutoOwners now issues over 5.1 million personal, commercial, and life policies with the same values of financial accountability and loyal service. As demonstrated by its A++ rating from A.M. Best, AutoOwners has continued to put its policyholders first. AutoOwners’ stated mission is to provide the best claim service in the industry. It is a mission they have fulfilled for the last century, and this centennial milestone is an important achievement. For onehundred years, Auto Owners has maintained its dedication to its policyholders to be there when people need them most. Their unwavering commitment is worthy of recognition and applause. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring AutoOwners Insurance, its employees, and its loyal agents for their efforts to live the values that define them and deliver on the promise found in their products. 
RECOGNIZING THE 25TH ANNUAL BEST OF RESTON AWARDS FOR COMMUNITY SERVICE RECIPIENTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the recipients of the 25th Annual Best 
of Reston Awards for Community Service. These awards are the result of collaboration between Cornerstones and the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce and are presented to individuals, organizations, and businesses whose extraordinary efforts make our community a better place. I am pleased to submit the names of the following recipients of the 2016 Best of Reston Awards: Individual Community Leader: Leila Gordon—Putting Community at the Center of the Reston Experience: Inviting all who live, work, and play in Reston to participate in the Reston way of living with compassion and creativity. Civic/Community Organization: Friends of Reston for Community Projects (Katie Shaw)—The Nature of Reston Has Giving at Its Heart: Harnessing the resources of volunteers and friends to generate $2 million in community investment so all may enjoy Reston’s numerous natural assets. Vade BoltonAnn Rodriguez Legacy Award: Amy’s Amigos (Olivia Wolfe, Kacey Hirshfeld and Hannah Becker)—Friends Striving to Create a Healthy, Caring Community: Channeling grief into ongoing action, modeling wellness for our youth and throughout the community, sharing the tools of action, and passing the torch to the next generation of Reston’s leaders. Small Business Leader: Beloved Yoga—Inspiring Community Wellbeing: Providing the tools for selfempowerment, selfhealing and selfrealization coupled with the belief that giving back to the community is powerful when we thrive together. Corporate Business Leader: Bechtel—Engineering the Future with Service to Others: Giving employees opportunities to create positive impacts throughout Reston, the Dulles Corridor, and the world by encouraging them to follow through on their own purposedriven interests and passions. Individual Community Leader: Jim Elder—A Champion of Sportsmanship for All Seasons: Teaching Reston youth that good sportsmanship and fair play are as essential to playing the games they love as skills, stats, and strategy. Corporate Business Leader: Google— Search for ‘‘Positive Impact’’: Find Google in our Community: Bringing its signature culture of innovation to tackle local and worldwide challenges in education and poverty relief; and the support of returning service men and women and our K9 heroes. Small Business Leader: Wiygul Automotive Clinic—JumpStarting Hope for Families and Children: Making a profound difference in the lives of others by quietly and humbly delivering dependable transportation to help people secure and maintain solid employment. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the 2016 Best of Reston honorees for their tremendous contributions to our community. I want to thank Cornerstones and the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce for continuing this wonderful tradition, and I express my sincere gratitude to these individuals, businesses, and organizations for lending their time and energy to the betterment of our community. CONGRATULATING THE COLLEGE OF DUPAGE ENGINEERING CLUB 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to recognize the College of DuPage Engineering Club. For the second year in a row, the College of DuPage is one of only two community colleges invited to participate in the 2016 NASA Robotic Mining Competition held at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. This year’s NASA Robotic Mining competition features participants from 40 different colleges from across the country. The competition consists of undergraduate and graduate students who are required to design and construct a mining robot that could traverse the simulated Martian surface, collect samples of gravel, and place the samples into a bin. The members of the Engineering Club who participated in the recent NASA competition come from all corners of DuPage County and each member has a strong passion for engineering. It was necessary that the members to work together and rely on one another as they repeatedly tested their robot design to ensure the best possible strategy for the competition. The participant’s hard work and long hours will prepare them for the rigors of engineering school and the lessons learned from the competition will serve them greatly in their future careers. Mr. Speaker and my distinguished colleagues in the House please join me in congratulating College of DuPage Engineering Club and wishing them the best of luck in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate an organization from Florida’s 7th Congressional District, located in Altamonte Springs. This July, The Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) celebrates its 75th anniversary. As many of my colleagues know, internal auditors play a vital role in maintaining public trust in our institutions. Whether it is protecting shareholder value at large publicly traded companies or ensuring appropriate use of taxpayer dollars in federal, state or local government, the internal auditor is evervigilant in ensuring that our institutions operate effectively. For 75 years, The IIA has helped inspire and educate generations of internal auditors who play a crucial role in our nation’s success. The IIA was founded in 1941 in New York City by a core group of 24 internal auditors with the intention of bringing the practice of internal auditing to the forefront of American business. These initial members of The IIA created many of the core principles and best practices we see in internal audit functions across the United States and world today. While the organization began with only two dozen members, it now includes more than 185,000 worldwide, with 63,000 in the United States. In effective risk management and control, there are three lines of defense for shareholders and taxpayers who want to see our institutions play by the rules. The first line of defense is management. The second line of defense is compliance and oversight functions established by management. The final line of defense is independent assurance of compliance and control through an internal audit. The IIA is the internal audit profession’s global voice, recognized authority, acknowledged leader, chief advocate and principle educator. The IIA is a trusted resource, providing key standards, guidance and certifications for the internal audit profession. Further, The IIA’s certification programs ensure that internal auditors are recognized as employing the highest standards to protect shareholder value and to ensure proper compliance and risk management procedures are followed. The IIA and its members are truly the leaders of the internal audit profession and are consistently recognized internationally as an organization setting industry standards. I have personally had the opportunity to meet with and discuss today’s challenges with The IIA over the years. I am proud of the work its members do and how their organization is run. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding The IIA and its more than 63,000 members in the United States for their hard work over the past 75 years, all they have accomplished, and all they will accomplish in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2016 BLACK AND GOLD SCHOLARSHIP BALL AWARD RECIPIENTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the JoyceGillespieHarrington Charitable and Educational Foundation and the Zeta Upsilon Lambda Chapter of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity on the occasion of their 36th annual Black and Gold Scholarship Ball. Since 1980, these two organizations have made tremendous contributions to promoting academic opportunities for youth in Northern Virginia and in the greater Washington, D.C., metropolitan region. The programs offered by the foundation are vital to the success of our students. This year’s Black and Gold Scholarship Ball will support scholarships for ten collegebound high school students. During the last eighteen years, ninety students have received scholarships awarded by the foundation and have attended some of the top colleges and universities in the country. With the typical college graduate’s debt averaging about $30,000, the foundation’s continued support of these students is absolutely crucial. I am pleased to enter the following names of the 2016 scholarship winners: Alisha Harris (Robinson Secondary School), Charles Sterling (Stone Bridge HS), Cory Pringle (Annandale HS), Diego Flores (Herndon HS), Evan Belcher (AOS Stone Bridge HS), 
Gene Jones (Washington and Lee HS), Jordan Randle (St. Stephens/St. Agnes School), Madalyn Peyton (Loudoun County HS), Simone Smith (South Lakes HS), Stefan Carter (Potomac Falls HS). Mr. Speaker, these students represent our country’s next generation of gifted leaders who will have great impact on our society and future. I thank the JoyceGillespieHarrington Charitable and Education Foundation and the Zeta Upsilon Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity for their dedicated commitment to fostering success in our youth and commend all of the scholarship winners for their academic excellence. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating these talented students and in wishing them great success in all their future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on June 21, 2016, my flight was delayed and I was unable to vote on H.R. 5525, H.R. 5388 and H.R. 5389. If present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on H.R. 5525, and ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 5388 and H.R. 5389. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure I rise to pay tribute to Major Marisa Pace for her exemplary dedication to duty and service as an Army Congressional Liaison for the Chief of Army Reserve. In that role, she managed the Appropriations Portfolio for the Army Reserve. I am grateful that she will continue to serve the Army and Congress in her new assignment as Plans Officer for the 1179th Surface Deployment and Distribution Command in Fort Hamilton, New York. I know we all wish her well in her new position. A native of Woodside, New York, Major Pace graduated from West Point in June of 2001 and was commissioned into the Transportation Corps as a 2nd Lieutenant. In the course of her career, she also earned a Master’s degree in Legislative Affairs from The George Washington University. Major Pace has served in a broad range of assignments during her 15 years of service as an officer in the United States Army. Prior to moving to the Army Congressional Liaison Office in 2011, she was assigned to Headquarters Army, G–4 (Logistics) as the Executive Officer for the Director of the Transportation and Distribution Directorate. She deployed in 2003 as a Platoon Leader with 68th Transportation Company, 28th Transportation Battalion, Mannheim, Germany and again in 2005 as the Plans and Training Officer for 37th Transportation Brigade out of Kaiserslautern, Germany. Major Pace’s other assignments include Osan Airbase, Korea, where she served as the Officer In Charge of the Movement Control Team from 2001–2002 and Germany, where she served as a Platoon Leader in 28th Transportation Battalion and the Headquarters and Headquarters Company Executive Officer and Training Officer for 37th Transportation Brigade. Her service in the Army Reserve is highlighted by her selection in 2012 to serve as an Army Congressional Fellow. While assigned to the Office of the Chief of Army Reserve from 2012 to 2016, Major Pace spent a year representing the Army to the Congress by working in the office of Senator Mary Landrieu (D– LA). In this role, Major Pace served as policy advisor on all matters relating to defense and national security. After this, she served as a legislative liaison in the Office of the Chief of Army Reserve. In this capacity, Major Pace directly represented the Chief of Army Reserve to the Senate and House appropriations committees to educate and inform Senators, Representatives, and staff on critical Army Reserve funding issues. Major Pace grew accustomed to living so far from family during her time in the Army. So let me also acknowledge her parents, Paul and Renee Pace, her sisters Megan Pace and Michele PaceHolthusen, her brother Paul Pace Jr. and her inlaws John Holthusen, Micky Harris and Janine Accardi for their unwavering love and support. I thank them for their sacrifices as well and wish them all the best for continued success in the future. Throughout her 15 year career, Major Marisa Pace has made positive impacts on the careers and lives of her soldiers, peers, and superiors, and I am grateful that she has chosen to continue to serve back in our home state of New York. I join my colleagues today in honoring her dedication to our Nation and invaluable service to the United States Congress as an Army congressional liaison. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a very significant event in our nation’s history during which 1.8 million American men and women courageously served to defend freedom and liberty. June 25th of this year marks the 66th anniversary of the outbreak of the Korean War. As a veteran who almost died fighting in Korea, I would like to pay tribute to my comradesinarms and all those who never made it home. I thank Ambassador Ahn HoYoung of the Republic of Korea and his Government for continually expressing gratitude to the Korean War veterans. He and his predecessors have annually honored the sacrifices through the wreathlaying ceremony at the National Korean War Veterans Memorial. Through this commemoration, they have paid respect to our service members who went to a country they never knew, for people they never met, for the pursuit of democracy on the Korean peninsula and around the world. I also applaud over two million Korean Americans who are flourishing across the nation and have never ceased to express their appreciation to the Korean War veterans community. I am proud to have worked with my colleagues Representatives SAMJOHNSON and JOHN CONYERS , two other remaining veterans of the Korean War in Congress, to champion many bills that will cement the legacy of the Korean War veterans. Most recently, we sponsored H.R. 1475, the Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2015, which passed in the House. The Wall pays tribute to those who were killed in action, wounded, or listed as missing from the Korean War. The Wall serves as a reminder that America will never forget those who serve to promote and defend international security, economic prosperity, and peace. Mr. Speaker, our nation has a responsibility to make sure that we honor the members of the United States Armed Forces who served alongside the Republic of Korea and twenty other Allied nations. We have a responsibility to remember the 36,573 American lives and the 103,000 wounded to preserve the legacy of our Forgotten Victory. We have a responsibility to make sure we do not forget our men and women who sacrificed to defend the freedoms we enjoy. Since the Korean War, the United States and the Republic of Korea have established an enduring friendship with shared interests, such as denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula, combatting aggression abroad, and strengthening our economies. It is with great pride that I have witnessed Korea rise to become an influential, international leader out of ashes of war. Its rapid and successful transformation testifies to the victorious efforts of our veterans. The Korean War must never again be called the Forgotten War and the American people must never forget our heroes. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Marina Torres who is being honored by the Calistoga Associated Teachers upon her retirement after 35 years of service to Calistoga Elementary School and our Calistoga community. Ms. Torres, a native of Monterey Park, California, earned two Bachelor of Arts degrees. One from the University of California at Santa Barbara for Combined Social Sciences in 1979 and one from Sonoma State University for Latino Studies with a minor in Children’s Literature in 1981. Throughout her long tenure as a teacher at Calistoga Elementary, Ms. Torres has been a dedicated mentor to her students and a pioneer in bilingual education for young children. In fact, Ms. Torres was the first Latina teacher hired by the Calistoga Joint Unified School District in 1981. She translated her academic and personal background into a passion for educating students about living in a culturally diverse community. Ms. Torres launched the Student Advocate Program in 1987 to address the needs of students in crisis and was inducted into the ‘‘Who’s Who of American Teachers’’ in 1995 for her innovative teaching and dedication to her students’ needs. Ms. Torres shares her 
experience with new teachers starting their careers as a beginning teacher support and assessment provider in Napa County. A resilient fighter, Ms. Torres has overcome two different forms of cancer. Now in remission, she is an outspoken advocate for early cancer screening and expanding access to health care. During retirement, she plans to continue her support for atrisk children and for expanding education in the Calistoga community. Mr. Speaker, Marina Torres has devoted 35 years to serving her students and our community as both a teacher and an advocate for others’ needs. She is a friend of Calistoga and a friend of mine. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement and many happy memories to come with her husband Michael and her children Frank, Rafael and Liliana. TRIBUTE TO DR. T. WAYNE BAILEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 24, 2016 Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dr. T. Wayne Bailey of Stetson University who will be retiring this year. After more than halfacentury of faculty tenure and teaching thousands of students who pursued careers in public service, he announced his retirement at the end of this semester. Few individuals in Florida history have had a more significant impact on political policy or in advancing the careers of those dedicated to public service. In 1963, he founded Stetson University’s Department of Political Science and was a cofounder of the Stetson University Model Student Senate, which has hosted thousands of students for both memorable and valuable learning experiences. Generations of Stetson students studied civics, political science and public policy under his tutelage. His positive influence has advanced the careers of federal leaders, including Members of Congress, many federal and state office holders and public servants in Florida and throughout our Nation. Dr. Bailey has also been an active leader in the local, State and National Democratic Party. He has been the State of Florida Democratic Party Chair, National Committeeman and a delegate to numerous Democratic National Conventions. He has been a leader and active in the American Lung Association, Tiger Bay, Florida Hospital DeLand Foundation and numerous other local, community and state organizations. The Discovery Channel presented Dr. Bailey with their Discovery Health Channel Medical Honors award. It was my pleasure to first meet with Dr. Bailey and Dr. Bud Fleuchaus as they led the Volusia County Charter Review Commission. His knowledge and insight helped develop and enact that County’s first Charter and local government Constitution. Mr. Speaker, today I ask you and our colleagues to join me in recognizing a great Floridian and a dedicated American, my friend, Dr. T. Wayne Bailey. His life and work significantly impacted thousands. I congratulate him on the occasion of his retirement and for his years of dedication and service to Stetson University of DeLand, Florida. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, June 27, 2016. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 public bills, H.R. 5574–5586; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 798–801 were introduced.
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Vernon G. Buchanan (H. Rept. 114–643).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Pompeo to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Representative Fattah, wherein he resigned as Representative for the Second Congressional District of Pennsylvania, effective immediately.
                                                              Page H4178 Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 9:05 a.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, June 27 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., of Nebraska, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 5 p.m., Tuesday, June 28 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 5 p.m. 
HOUSE Barr, Andy, Ky., E987 Bost, Mike, Ill., E993 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E992 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E990 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E990, E996 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E988 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E987, E987, E988, E989, E990, E991, E992, E993, E994, E995 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E991, E996 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E988 Delaney, John K., Md., E989 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E994 Hinojosa, Rube´n, Tex., E992 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E994 Mica, John L., Fla., E994, E995, E997 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E992 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E991, E996 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E995 Schrader, Kurt, Ore., E990 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E993 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E990 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E993, E996 Titus, Dina, Nev., E988 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E989 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E987 Young, Don, Alaska, E989 