Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, in a few moments this morning, I will be introducing a House resolution, a bipartisan House resolution, with Congressman DONYOUNG from the State of Alaska calling on the Senate to, once and for all, ratify the U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea Treaty. Mr. Speaker, this is a treaty which was negotiated by the Reagan administration back in the late 1980s. It is a treaty which has been endorsed by Democratic Presidents, Republican Presidents, Condoleeza Rice, and military leadership of all stripes, to create a system of rules of the road in terms of maritime disputes. As I said, the military leadership of this country has been adamant and consistent year in and year out about the need for our country to join 166 other countries in the world in terms of ratifying this treaty. As Marine General Joe Dunford said a short time ago, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff: ‘‘We undermine our leverage by not signing up to the same rule book by which we are asking other countries to accept.’’ Today, as this map shows, all the purple countries are those that have ratified the treaty, and the blue countries are those that have not. The United States joins the following company in terms of refusing to ratify this treaty: North Korea, Iran, Syria, Libya, and Venezuela. Now, again, this is a measure which has been debated over the years, and it has been, I would argue, sort of a Washington, D.C., parlor game in terms of the theoretical impact that it may or may not have; but in recent months, the need to do this has become much sharper and clearer. This past week at the House Committee on Armed Services, which I serve on, and I am the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, Admiral Harry Harris testified. He is our commander of PACOM. He has all of AsiaPacific, the region of the world where China today is blatantly violating maritime law by creating islands out of nothing, creating landing strips and militarizing those new land masses in a clear attempt to, again, violate the U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea Treaty by creating an economic zone that is going to interfere with the free passage of commercial traffic. Ninetyfive percent of the world’s commodities go by sea. Their intentions are crystal clear. Admiral Harris, when he testified the other day, made it also very clear that ‘‘acceding to the convention’’—the Law of the Sea Treaty—‘‘gives us the moral high ground to criticize those countries that would seek to inhibit freedom of maneuver in the oceans and airspace around the world, including the Asia Pacific region.’’ Interestingly, the following day, General Philip Breedlove, the commander of NATO, European Command for the U.S., came in and without any prompting testified to exactly the same policy position because what he is seeing in his region of the world is that a resurgent Russia is militarizing the Arctic Circle, that they are using this, again, melting of the ice cap as an opportunity to militarize that region of the world and try and control what is going to be a maritime passage, where both military assets and commercial traffic are going to move back and forth. General Breedlove, again, made exactly the same point: we need to get into the game. This was made crystal clear just a few months ago. The Government of the Philippines, to its credit, has challenged China. They filed an application before The Hague, citing the Law of the Sea Treaty, that what they are doing in the South China Sea blatantly violates international law. The United States asked not to participate directly as a party, because we haven’t ratified the treaty, but simply to be an observer, to be a friend of the court to be able to contribute ideas and data—which our Navy has more than any other Navy in the world—and we were denied observer status because we have not ratified this treaty. So right now people are hard at work in The Hague writing the rules of the road in terms of maritime issues that are going to determine budgets. And, again, I am the ranking member of the 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, so this is driving a lot of decisions about building submarines and surface ships and stronger munitions because of what is happening in the South China Sea. It is also going to be driving the outcomes of what is happening with resurgent Russia. Putin is not kidding around in terms of what he is doing in the Arctic Circle or in the North Atlantic. General Breedlove made that very clear. We are playing, right now, zone defense in terms of what is happening in that region of the world. It is time for the Congress to listen, if nothing else, to our military leadership and recognize the international Law of the Sea Treaty, which 166 nations in the world have ratified. It is time for the U.S. to get in the game, get off the bleachers, and be able to set those rules because it is going to determine, for decades to come, decisions that this body is going to be stuck with if we are not part of that process. Again, our military leadership, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, our CNO of the Navy, the head of the Coast Guard, they have all been very clear and public about the fact that it is time for this Nation to get into the game and endorse the international Law of the Sea Treaty. I am very pleased that Congressman YOUNG is joining me in this effort. I urge all Members to support this resolution which will be filed this morning. 
RESTORING AMERICA’S GIANTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to talk about a blight that nearly rendered the American chestnut extinct and recognize a teacher in Alexander County, North Carolina, who is helping to lead in the rebirth of these great trees. The American chestnut was once the dominant hardwood species in the Eastern United States. Prior to the European colonization of North America, American chestnut trees were found in vast stands from Maine to Florida, with the largest trees occurring in the southern Appalachians. When early European settlers arrived, the species was used in many different ways, including providing timber and tools. The edible nut was also a significant contributor to the rural economy. Families would collect the nuts to sell and eat, and they were also used as feed for livestock. Domesticated hogs and cattle were often fattened for market by allowing the animals to gorge themselves on these highly nutritious nuts. Chestnut ripening coincided with the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays, and turnofthecentury newspaper clippings show traincars rolling into major cities that were overflowing with chestnuts to be sold fresh or roasted. The American chestnut was truly a heritage tree. However, the booming trade industry introduced fungal diseases that would change the species composition of eastern North American forests. A root rot disease, thought to have caused mortality of chestnuts in low, moist areas infested southern populations of the American chestnut and constricted its natural range. This fungal disease was followed by the more commonly known chestnut blight, which spread throughout eastern hardwood forests at a rate of up to 50 miles per year. By the 1950s, virtually all mature American chestnut trees had succumbed to the disease, and this catastrophe became known as one of the worst ecological disasters in the United States. The American chestnut has been relegated to a minor understory component, existing as sprouts from old stumps and root systems. Today modern techniques are being used to bring the species back from near extinction, but the success of these efforts will be the result of decades of genetic hybridization. The American Chestnut Foundation has embarked on an elaborate and time consuming breeding program to develop a tree that can withstand blight and exhibit virtually every characteristic of the American chestnut of the past. By backcrossing the American chestnut with the blightresistant Chinese chestnut, the foundation has produced the Restoration chestnut. Last December The American Chestnut Foundation planted four Restoration chestnuts on the campus of Alexander Central High School in Taylorsville. Becky Dupuis, a biotech and biology teacher with Alexander County Schools, has partnered with the foundation to gather information about the health, diversity, and blight resistance of these trees. Her students will actively participate in collecting data, documenting growth rates, and transplanting American chestnut sprouts in Alexander County. Ms. Dupuis should be commended for raising awareness about the American chestnut and for her work to reintroduce these giants to their rightful place in Alexander County and America’s ecosystem. 
SUPREME COURT VACANCIES IN ELECTION YEARS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) for 5 minutes. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, as you know, it has been the custom of the last couple of Congresses to open the Congress with a reading of the entire United States Constitution. I have generally not participated in that because I am not all that comfortable with public displays of piety, and I am a big believer in the notion that what really matters is what you do, not what you say. Never has the spread between what we say and what we do been quite as wide as it is when we consider the approach that my friends on the Republican side have taken with respect to the absolutely essential constitutional duty of appointing a Supreme Court Justice. So I am going to break with my past pattern and read briefly from the Constitution, Article II, section 2, which reads: ‘‘He shall have power’’—that is referring to the President—‘‘by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided twothirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, Judges of the Supreme Court.’’ And there it ends. He shall appoint Justices of the Supreme Court. There it ends. There is nothing there about he won’t do that in an election year. There is nothing there saying that if there is not enough time, he won’t exercise his constitutional authority. There is nothing there that, maybe because thenSenator BIDEN said something 25 years ago, he won’t appoint a Supreme Court Justice. And yet my colleagues on the other side of the Capitol have said they won’t even offer the President’s nomination the courtesy of a meeting. And let’s be very clear. That is a profound abrogation of the constitutional duty that is set out in black and white in the Constitution of the United States. So let’s just spend a minute on the three objections that we are hearing from the Republicans on why the President shouldn’t appoint and why they shouldn’t even extend the courtesy of a meeting to the President’s proposed appointment to the Supreme Court. First and foremost, they say that it is an election year. The precedent would dictate that the President not nominate in an election year. Well, that is exactly wrong, and you can look it up. These are historical facts. I will just read quickly from SCOTUSblog, which a lot of people look at, in which Amy Howe, the editor, says: ‘‘The historical record does not reveal any instances since at least 1900 of the President failing to nominate and/or the Senate failing to confirm a nominee in a Presidential election year because of the impending election.’’ The historical record does not reveal any instances. And then it goes on to list those that have occurred: President William Taft nominated Mahlon Pitney. Woodrow Wilson made two nominations in 1916—Louis Brandeis and John Clarke. President Herbert Hoover nominated Benjamin Cardozo. President Franklin Roosevelt nominated Frank Murphy. President Ronald Reagan, patron saint of my friends on the other side of the aisle, nominated Justice Anthony Kennedy. So the idea that there is no precedent is exactly wrong. 
This brings us to the other argument, the second argument, which is that there is not time. I brought this graphic here to show that, for the last several Presidents, the average approval time was something like 2 months. The current President has some 300 days left in his term. Take a look at this one: approval time for Justices Alito, Roberts, Breyer, Ginsburg, and Thomas. If you add all of those individual periods of time together, you still don’t get the amount of time that the current President has left in his term. This, of course, brings us to the arguably most laughable argument that we hear lately, which is that some 20plus years ago, thenSenate Committee on the Judiciary Chairman JOEBIDEN said something along the lines of perhaps then the President shouldn’t make an appointment because it was an election year. b1015 I don’t need to point out that, as much as I like and respect the Vice President, his words of 25 years ago do not carry constitutional force or the force of law. We shouldn’t spend a lot of time on that argument. So what is really going on here? If those are the best arguments against even extending the courtesy of a senatorial meeting to the President’s nominee, an unprecedented action, what is really going on? Here is what is really going on. It is a government shutdown. We have seen this before. When the rules we read at the opening of every Congress result in an outcome my friends on the other side of the aisle don’t like, they simply shut it down. They did that in October 2013. Between the days of October 1 and October 16, they shut down the Federal Government, an action that Standard & Poor’s estimated cost the U.S. economy $24 billion, or fully 0.6 percent of our economic growth is gone because the Republicans wouldn’t accept the Affordable Care Act. Look, I get that. They don’t like it. But it has been passed in due course in this House, shown to be constitutional by the Supreme Court, and the answer was: No. We don’t like it. We are shutting down the government. Let’s not shut down the government over the Supreme Court. 
COLOMBIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to bring to the attention of this body the current negotiations taking place in Cuba between the Colombian Government and the FARC, which is a U.S.designated terrorist organization. That deal is dangerous for Colombia and for our U.S. national security. Let me explain. As a friend of the Colombian people, I have been a proponent of widening and strengthening our bilateral ties with Colombia by supporting the United StatesColombia Trade Promotion Agreement. This agreement has helped many companies in my congressional district of south Florida strengthen their trade capabilities with Colombia. I have also supported Plan Colombia, a collaborative effort alongside the Colombian Armed Forces and security forces aimed at improving the security environment. Plan Colombia enjoys wide bipartisan support, resulting in a significant reduction in the cultivation of coca in years past, record dismantling of labs, and drastically reducing kidnappings, which are an important source of revenue for the FARC. Despite great advances in the conflict during the Uribe administration prior to President Santos, I have expressed serious misgivings about the negotiation initiated by the Colombian Government with the murderous Castro regime as a supposedly impartial mediator. Mr. Speaker, the Castro brothers run an impressive communist state, with complete disregard for human rights, due process, and a notorious history of supporting nefarious actors throughout the region. Using Cuba as a mediator in the negotiation is misguided, at best. It is widely known that the Castro brothers have been great supporters of the terrorist group FARC, have allowed the FARC to use Cuba as a safe haven, and have even trained some FARC terrorists in guerilla warfare tactics. Yet, despite knowing that the Castro regime has internationally voiced strong support for the FARC, even lending materiel and monetary aid to the rebels, we expect the Castros now to be acting as impartial mediators? Absolutely not, Mr. Speaker. With the Colombian Government negotiating with the FARC and with Cuba as a mediator that is supposedly impartial, the pending agreement includes no jail time for any of the FARC criminals. These criminals have kidnapped and tortured scores of Colombian citizens and have even held American citizens hostage. No jail time. According to the agreement, if the FARC members admit to their crimes, they would be put in what is the equivalent of house arrest from 2 to 8 years—8 years is the maximum—and they would not serve any jail time and they will not be extradited to the United States to face any charges they have pending here. You heard that right, Mr. Speaker. This agreement could include a request to drop any arrest warrant and drop any extradition process from the United States that we have filed to prosecute members of the FARC. This is completely unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. I am also concerned about provisions in the agreement that would allow members of the FARC to run for political office, as they would likely use the massive funds that they have from their illegal narcotics trade to finance their campaigns and further undermine what the Colombian people are trying to achieve by having a safe, secure Colombia again. Evidence has shown that, since the negotiations began with the FARC in Havana, coca cultivation numbers in Colombia have increased. From 2014 and 2015, we have seen an increase of drugs flowing from Colombia. Who do we think is responsible for that? The FARC. Who is making more money from narcotrafficking? The FARC. What I find most disturbing, Mr. Speaker, was the call by the Colombian Government to remove the FARC, an organization with American blood on its hands, from the U.S. State Department’s Foreign Terrorist Organizations List. Lastly, there are several unanswered questions about the implementation of this misguided deal. How will the FARC disarm? How will they surrender their weapons? What role will the United Nations play as it oversees the implementation of the process? Will the Obama administration continue its pattern of granting concessions and end up releasing FARC leader Simon Trinidad, who is serving time in our prison? Mr. Speaker, the United States must reexamine this agreement and urge the Colombian Government to address some of these grave concerns. We have a responsibility to our taxpayers to be good stewards of their funds as well as a moral imperative to support and seek justice for the victims of the FARC, not their perpetrators. f 
AIRCRAFT NOISE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Phoenix, I rise to demand an end to business as usual at the Federal Aviation Administration. In 2014, the FAA decided, without any input from civic leaders or members of our community, to implement new flight paths for aircraft from Sky Harbor International Airport. The impact of this decision on local residents was swift and severe. Without warning, our communities were suddenly exposed to constant, deafening aircraft noise. As they run businesses, raise families, and struggle to sleep at night, Phoenix residents must now contend with the incessant roar of planes passing overhead. Simply put, the new flight paths have deprived the Arizonans I represent of the peace and quiet they enjoyed before the FAA intervened. Unfortunately, the agency has only exacerbated this difficult situation by overlooking the objections of local residents and ignoring clear direction from Congress to reconsider these routes. 
When urged by the House in the 2015 omnibus to ‘‘identify appropriate mitigation measures’’ to address the problem of aircraft noise in Phoenix, the agency disregarded the will of this body and took no meaningful action. That is simply unacceptable. The American people deserve a government that is responsive to their needs and accountable to their elected officials. We have seen the same pattern of indifference repeated in cities across the country. But now, finally, leaders from both parties are demanding real reform at the FAA. Democrats and Republicans came together to include the language in the fiscal year 2016 spending bill that will require the FAA to develop a plan to proactively address the concerns of Americans, including Phoenix residents, exposed to high levels of aviation noise. In addition, legislation introduced earlier this month to reauthorize the FAA contains several key provisions that could help provide relief to Phoenix residents plagued by noise from passing aircraft. The bill will require the agency to review flight path changes if the FAA administrator determines that they have harmed communities in the vicinity of the airport. The measure will also compel the FAA to consider steps to mitigate aircraft noiserelated concerns if requested to do so by a local community or airport operator. Finally, the FAA will be required to submit a report to Congress on how the agency intends to improve its woeful community outreach and engagement efforts. Collectively, these provisions represent an important step forward, but they aren’t enough. Together with other members of the Quiet Skies Caucus, I am committed to strengthening this legislation as the process moves forward. Mr. Speaker, civic leaders, businessowners, and families in Phoenix have been ignored for too long. The flight paths over our city must change and so must the course of an agency that for too long has disrespected Congress and disregarded the needs of my constituents. Now is the time to pass legislation to ensure that local communities have a seat at the table when new flight paths are plotted. Let’s give local residents the ability to appeal routes that are undermining their quality of life. Mr. Speaker, on the issue of aircraft noise, the people of Phoenix are speaking loudly. They deserve to be heard. 
HONORING CALVARY BAPTIST CHURCH ON ITS 150TH ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an institution that has served the people of Pinellas County, the people of Florida, and people in all corners of the world for 150 years. It is an institution that continues each day to serve our loving God. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Calvary Baptist Church in Clearwater, Florida, as it celebrates its 150th anniversary. In 1866, Reverend C.S. Reynolds and his wife Judith, along with a handful of Christ followers, founded the Midway Baptist Church in Clearwater Harbor, Florida. The church is considered to be the first organized church of any kind in what later became the city of Clearwater, and it was the very first Baptist Church in Pinellas County. During the 1920s, under the leadership of Pastor A.J. Kroelinger, the church undertook a major building project in the heart of Clearwater. The ornate rotunda was completed in 1926 and became known as one of the most magnificent buildings in the Southland. It stood as the home for Calvary Baptist Church and was recognized as a Clearwater landmark for nearly 80 years. Calvary’s history is a story of God’s grace and providence. It endured the effects of both World Wars and the Great Depression. It continued to experience eras of significant growth under the leadership of Pastor O.E. Burton throughout the 1950s and 1960s and Pastor Bill Anderson, who led the church from 1975 to 2002. Since 2004, Pastor Willie Rice has led this vibrant church and its expanding outreach. The church is distinguished by its faithful adherence to the message of God’s love and the redemptive purposes in and through Jesus Christ. The church has served its local community and partnered with others through its historic affiliation with the Southern Baptist Convention, extending its influence of compassionbased ministries around the world. Throughout its history, the body of believers who make up the church have been instrumental in founding and supporting many local ministries in the Tampa Bay area. These ministries reach into every facet of human experience. Through partnerships with several communitybased pregnancy centers, members of the church provide resources and support to struggling pregnant mothers and their unborn children, honoring the sanctity of life. They provide clothing, food, and shelter to the homeless. The church is faithful each day to honoring our veterans. Calvary expresses the redemptive grace of our loving God by directly supporting individuals transitioning out of prison as well as recovering addicts. The support they provide to these individuals helps restore dignity and purpose of life. The church ministers in many ways to the young people of the community through a vibrant inhouse youth program as well as numerous community outreach programs. Calvary Christian High School opened its doors in the fall of 2000 with the goal of challenging all students to achieve academically to the highest levels of their Godgiven abilities. Another community outreach program provides school materials to disadvantaged elementary students through the Adopt a Classroom project. Supporting children and families is a central element of a Christian lifestyle. It is central to the mission of Calvary Baptist Church. Internationally, Calvary provides financial and material resources and hundreds of volunteers to support disaster relief and recovery efforts worldwide. Through medical mission trips, the church provides muchneeded care to communities in far reaches of the globe. With direct support and through global partnerships, Calvary assists in community development efforts throughout the world. In short, Mr. Speaker, Calvary Baptist Church in Clearwater, Florida, has become a part of the fabric of our Pinellas County community, enriching the lives of its members and neighborhoods. But far more important, Calvary continues each day to share the message of the saving grace of the Christ in whom we put our faith and in whom we put our trust. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me today in recognizing Calvary Baptist Church of Clearwater, Florida, as it celebrates 150 magnificent years of ministry and service. f 
b1030 RECOGNIZING GRACE PRESTON, AWARDWINNING BROCKWAY VOLUNTEER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Grace Preston, a sixthgrader from the Brockway Area Elementary School, which I am proud to say is located in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District. Grace was recently among two students in Pennsylvania to be honored with a Prudential Spirit of Community Award. This award is given to young people for outstanding acts of volunteerism. Grace has raised more than $4,000 in the past 3 years to improve the lives of animals in her community. She has done this through the sale of homemade dog treats, cat toys, and flea and tick repellent. She became interested in helping animals after her family adopted a dog from a local shelter. Now, through her efforts, Grace has raised enough money to enable the local Humane Society to purchase a storage shed, as well as other supplies such as rabies gloves. 
She has also provided animal oxygen mask kits to a local fire department for pets that are caught in fires, helped pay for a shelter dog’s recent surgery, and collected animal food for the pets of needy families. Mr. Speaker, it is wonderful to see such dedication to community from someone so young. Great work, Grace. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We hunger for Your wisdom and pray that there might be an end to all hunger in our world. You know the Members of this assembly through and through. You know each personally. You know how they all relate with one another. You know them, as the American people do, as the 114th Congress of the United States. Lord, help them to know You. Allow them to come to know You, even as they are known by You. As ultimate truth, enter in and make them suitable for Your dwelling within so that their constituents might place trust in them as their Representatives. May their service continue faithfully, for they were elected by their voters back home and called by You to selfless service. Bless them and us all this day, and may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. CAPPS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the career of an esteemed public servant, the Honorable Thomas J. McAvoy. Judge McAvoy has now served as a Federal District Court judge in the Northern District of New York for the past 30 years. During my time as a Federal prosecutor from the Northern District of New York, I had the high honor of regularly appearing before Judge McAvoy. A native of New York’s southern tier, Judge McAvoy completed his undergraduate education at Villanova University and continued on to graduate third in his class from Albany Law School. He continues to be a very valuable member of the local legal community, mentoring young lawyers through continuing education programs and meeting regularly with young people through the Open Doors to Justice and Court Outreach programs. Throughout his 30 years on the bench, Judge McAvoy has tried over 900 cases and recently received the longevity award for 50 years of service to the bar by the Broome County Bar Association. Judge McAvoy has dedicated his life and career to making our community a better place to live. Thank you, Judge McAvoy, for your outstanding public service to our community and to our Nation. I look forward to your next 30 years on the bench. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women’s History Month, I want to recognize a remarkable woman from south Florida, my friend, Rosemary Barkett. Rosemary is an inspiring, humble woman with a joyous spirit and passion for justice who has devoted her life to service. Her story reflects the greatness of diversity in our country. She was born in Mexico to Syrian immigrants. At age 6, her family moved to Miami, where she started school knowing no English. As a teen, Rosemary joined the Sisters of St. Joseph, becoming a nun and teacher. Eight years later she left the convent to pursue her own education and eventually went on to law school, private practice, and a brilliant judicial career as a trial court judge, appellate judge, first woman on the Florida Supreme Court, and first woman to be Chief Justice of that court. Today Justice Barkett sits on the prestigious IranUnited States Claims Tribunal in The Hague. My friend has broken down many barriers to achieve big dreams. This March we honor women like Rosemary Barkett, women of our past, present, and future who are making history. f 
KEEP TERRORISTS AT GUANTANAMO (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last Wednesday The Post and Courier, under the leadership of publisher Pamela Browning and editorial page editor Charles Rowe, editorialized: 
President Barack Obama has asked Congress to agree to close the prison at Guantanamo . . . Governor Nikki Haley, Senator Tim Scott, and Republicans on the South Carolina delegation are right to reject his call . . . Even the President has to follow the law. In a world that has given rise to the Islamic State, it is hard to credit the argument that the existence of Guantanamo incites terror. In a recent oped column for the Washington Post, Gordon England, a former Deputy Secretary of Defense, observed that some of the terrorists who have been released from Guantanamo have returned to the same nefarious activities for which they have been jailed. Those who remain had a record of participating in terrorism, financing terrorism, or outright leadership of terrorism activity, Mr. England wrote. In a little over 4 weeks, Mr. Obama is headed to Cuba for a state visit with the Castro brothers, who may be considered experts in the use of political prisons. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
TIGER GRANTS (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Transportation has announced its eighth round of grants will be awarded under the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery, or TIGER, program. TIGER grants are awarded on a competitive basis to surface transportation capital projects. Weight is given to proposals that will have a significant local or national impact, generate economic development, and increase access to affordable transportation. Western New York has received TIGER grants totaling more than $39 million to restore access to Main 
Street in Buffalo and construct a new international train station in Niagara Falls. As a result, businesses are returning to the theater district and tourism is growing in Niagara Falls, New York. The TIGER program sends the message during this period of tragic underinvestment in our infrastructure that America can still tackle the big projects that historically have grown our economy. I urge support of the TIGER program. 
RETIREMENT OF TITUSVILLE POLICE CHIEF GARY THOMAS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I have the deepest respect for the law enforcement men and women who are tasked with protecting the communities of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. It is with deep respect that I congratulate Titusville Police Chief Gary Thomas on his upcoming retirement. Chief Thomas has served his community for nearly 26 years, after being hired as a patrolman in 1990. He is credited with helping fight back against a rise in methamphetamine production in Titusville, which spread through northeastern Pennsylvania, starting in the late 1990s. He worked together with State police and the State Attorney General’s Office to crack down on this plague. More importantly, he enlisted the help of the Titusville community to fight back. After being promoted to police chief in 2009, he continued the battle against drugs—this time, against bath salts and synthetic marijuana—educating the public on what to look for. The effort got results in the form of tips from the community, which helped cut down on abuse. Chief Thomas’ last day on the job is March 4. I wish him the best of luck in retirement, and I commend him for a job well done. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH: SALLY RIDE (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to celebrate the beginning of Women’s History Month by recognizing a woman from my home State of California, Sally Ride. Sally Ride personifies the Californian and American spirit of exploration and discovery. In 1983, she became both the first woman and the youngest astronaut NASA has ever sent into space. Over the course of her distinguished career, Ride logged a total of nearly 350 hours in space, and she went on to serve on the committees that investigated the Challenger and the Columbia shuttle disasters. After leaving NASA, she cofounded Sally Ride Science at UC San Diego, which develops educational programs to inspire middle and high school students, especially girls, about science. Sally Ride had a passion for science and space exploration that inspired generations of girls to pursue STEM. I had a chance to meet her and see how everyone reacted to her. She is exactly the kind of woman we should honor this month, one who achieved her own dreams and paved the way for others to do the same. f 
TERESA HAYWOOD’S STORY (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the war on coal hurts every family in West Virginia. A local smallbusiness owner affected by the war on coal is Teresa Haywood, who owns a floral shop in McDowell County. She is a true West Virginia coal voice. She writes to me: 
Our business has dropped majorly, and I am struggling day to day to just try to decide to pay the bills or to restock. People keep asking if I am going to keep my business open. It has gotten hard to survive, much less stay in business, when we have to cut on groceries just to make the bills so we can have a home to live in. And then us losing our only Walmart in the county has just been another kick in the teeth. I have a teenage son who worries about finding a job every day because he doesn’t want to move from home and a college senior who won’t come back here because he knows there is nothing for him here. 
Mr. Speaker, these are the true West Virginia coal voices. The war on coal must stop. 
ABORTION ACCESS AND WOMEN’S RIGHTS (Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, as has been mentioned, today, March 1, marks the beginning of Women’s History Month. While there is much to celebrate, we must use this time to continue the fight toward full equality. That is why I rise today to reaffirm my support for a woman’s right to make her own decisions about her health and her family. This week the Supreme Court will hear arguments on yet another effort to undercut this freedom. By imposing unnecessary requirements whose sole purpose is to close reproductive health clinics, lawmakers continue to play politics with women’s health. Some of us remember the time before women had safe access to abortion care. Countless women made desperate decisions that put their health at risk. We cannot go back to that day. No one can fully know the circumstances that a woman who faces a decision to end a pregnancy is challenged by. We need to trust women and let them make their own decisions along with their healthcare providers, family, and faith, not politicians. f 
HONORING ISAAC OLEMBERG (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this weekend I had the pleasure of being at Temple Menorah in Miami Beach at the Hadassah InterAmerican Chapter Gala in honor of an old and close friend, Isaac Olemberg. Isaac is a pillar of the Jewish and south Florida communities and has greatly enriched our area as well as helped to strengthen the unbreakable bond between the U.S. and Israel. But I know that the work that Isaac was most proud of was working side by side with his wife, Nieves. Sadly, she passed away in 2014, but Sunday’s luncheon was an opportunity to honor her memory as well. Together with Isaac, Nieves helped found the Hadassah InterAmerican Chapter in Miami. This couple truly embodied grace, kindness, and humility. Nieves is missed, but her memory and legacy are carried on by Isaac; their children, Roberto, Lilly, Hannah, and Lisette; and their many grandchildren. I am proud and humbled to call the Olembergs my friends. 
b1215 WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. MATSUI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, today we mark the beginning of Women’s History Month. For centuries, women have broken through barriers to move our country forward. The progress that women have made has taken the courage of countless trailblazers. In Sacramento, Eleanor McClatchy took over the family newspaper business at a young age. Eleanor had a background in theatre, but a lack of experience in the publishing business did not stop her from stepping up to the plate in 1936 to become president of the McClatchy newspapers. She led the company for 42 years, and under her leadership, the business grew significantly through the acquisition of additional newspapers, radio, and television platforms. Eleanor’s story may be unique, yet it embodies the spirit of all women. In the face of challenges, we find a path forward. Let us honor women like Eleanor by opening up opportunity to future generations of women because we all know when women succeed, America succeeds. 
RARE DISEASE DAY (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, yesterday was Rare Disease Day, Leap Year, and researchers around the world have identified more than 6,000 rare diseases, half of which impact children. Last year, the House took a major step toward advancing rare disease research. I was proud not only to cosponsor, but to help pass 21st Century Cures. 21st Century Cures is a bill designed to help the world’s best scientists find cures for the most deadly diseases that we face. But it is not just the researchers, it is folks like Pat Livney, who is a friend and an advocate working to help cure CharcotMarieTooth disorder, and folks like Jeff Aronin and his team working to solve Duchenne’s disease. Mr. Speaker, every day, scientists across the country are using NIH grants to discover the causes, the symptoms, the treatments, and ultimately search for the cures for rare diseases. In honor of Rare Disease Day, I encourage my colleagues to join me in calling for more funding for the NIH this year and every year so that NIH can cure many of these diseases and ultimately save lives. And that is just the way it is. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Women’s History Month and the bold women pioneers who shattered glass ceilings and paved the way for women across this country to succeed. From the courageous women at the 1848 Seneca Falls Convention who came up with the audacious new idea of women’s rights, to the suffragettes who won the right to vote in 1920, we stand on the shoulders of the giants that came before us. But women’s history does not end there. From the first woman Speaker of the House, NANCY PELOSI , to the three women on the Supreme Court, to women candidates for President, bold women continue to break barriers. But there is work to be done. Women are still paid less for the same work as their male counterparts. We are more than half the population, but just 20 percent of Congress. The United States continues to be one of just three nations in the world with no paid maternity leave law. I know my daughter and my granddaughters deserve the same opportunities as my sons and grandsons. I am going to fight on behalf of the women across this country until that is a reality. HONORING OUR FALLEN POLICE OFFICERS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Ashley Guindon was 28 years old when she reported for duty after being sworn in to the Prince William County Police Department the day before. On her first call, she responded to a domestic violence disturbance. She and her fellow officers rushed to the scene and, upon arrival, multiple gunshots came from the house. Officer Guindon was shot and murdered. Yet another one of America’s finest killed in the line of duty. Here she is, a photograph of her, taken the day she was sworn in. The next day, she was murdered. Officers David McKeown, 33, and Jesse Hempen, 31, were also shot, but did survive. Inside the house, the shooter’s wife had also been murdered by the outlaw. Before having her life coldly ripped from her, Guindon served in United States Marine Corps for 6 years. Officers who answer and respond to domestic violence calls respond to some of the most dangerous situations in America. Those who wear the badge protect the rest of us from the evil that lives among us. In the first 2 months of 2016, 14 police officers have been killed in the United States. Mr. Speaker, as her body was transported, over a hundred of Guindon’s fellow officers somberly lined the streets to pay tribute to one of their own. Death is the harsh reality that these remarkable men and women face every day. Officer Guindon risked her life responding to a domestic violence call. Her life was stolen from her while on duty, her 1 day of service and career as a police officer. Officers like her are a cut above the rest of us, Mr. Speaker. They are a rare and remarkable breed of Americans. And that is just the way it is. f 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. CASTOR of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join the millions of Americans who will mark the annual celebration of March as Women’s History Month. During Women’s History Month, we celebrate the successes of America’s women throughout our history and the sacrifice of the bold women who broke down so many barriers. This year I would like to devote Women’s History Month to saluting our female veterans and military members who work to keep us safe. And even though the Department of Defense 3 months ago announced that females will now be able to serve in military combat roles, women actually have been serving in combat since the Civil War; like Army Specialist Brittany Gordon of St. Petersburg, Florida, who was the first woman from the Tampa Bay area killed in action in Iraq and Afghanistan in 2012 at the young age of 24. And like the many women who serve at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, whether it is at Air Mobility Command, Special Operations Command or Central Command, you women are making history, and you are doing so while you are working to keep us safe. We are grateful for your service to this country during Women’s History Month and every year. f 
CLIMATE CHANGE (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, as a lifelong resident of Northern Michigan, I know how important it is to protect and conserve our precious natural resources. Northern Michigan’s economy depends on our Great Lakes and outdoor spaces for tourism, agriculture, and sporting activities. Generations of people in my district have grown up experiencing the outdoors, from the shores of Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore, to Isle Royale National Park. However, we need to make sure that there is a balance and that we do not undertake rash and unproven regulatory policies that are almost guaranteed to negatively impact our economy in the hope of some potential, and often unquantifiable, environmental gain. All too often, the consequence of overly burdensome regulations here in America is the flight of manufacturing and industry to nations such as China and India. Mr. Speaker, these nations simply do not have the same level of protections or respect for the environment that we have here in America. I fail to see how this benefits our planet’s environment. I know that far too often the result is American citizens losing their jobs. I hope we can join together to find commonsense and bipartisan ways to continue to protect our environment. 
DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY, INC. (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., established January 13, 1913, by 22 collegiate women at Howard University. From those humble beginnings 103 years ago, to today, there are more than 200,000 Deltas and 1,000 college and alumni chapters worldwide. Mr. Speaker, today is the first day of Women’s History Month. Thousands of 
Deltas flood Capitol Hill to meet with Members of Congress to discuss some of our most pressing issues. I thank you, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, for standing up for Attorney General Loretta Lynch of the United States and for coming today with a national agenda: equal pay for equal work, sustaining the Affordable Care Act, educational reform for college school funding, and yes, opposing the Voting Rights Act. Mr. Speaker, please join me and the three other Members of Congress of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, for saluting them for being on the Hill today, and to my Columbus Alumni Chapter, and Delta Kappa, where I was made. 
THE TRAGIC SHOOTING IN HESSTON, KANSAS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay my respects to the victims of the tragic shooting last week in Hesston, Kansas. Renee Benjamin, Joshua Higbee, and Brian Sadowsky each saw their lives lost too early at the hands of a coldblooded killer. Another 14 people were wounded, and some critically, before authorities arrived on the scene at Excel Industries and brought the violence to an end. As someone who grew up just a few short miles away from there, near Yoder, Kansas, and whose father went to school in Hesston, Thursday’s shooting, sadly, hit close to home for me. My wife, Brooke, and I want to send our condolences to the victims of this terrible tragedy and their families. We also want to thank the first responders, police officers, EMTs, doctors, and nurses, who are all serving the Hesston community with skill and effectiveness in this time of need. Mr. Speaker, nothing that we do or say will ever be able to bring back the lives lost, but our prayers and support will hopefully be able to help the Hesston community recover and heal from this horrible tragedy. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of National Women’s History Month, the roots of which are in my district. It was in Santa Rosa, California, that the National Women’s History Project was founded, and I am proud to continue the legacy of recognizing the many contributions women have made to our country by introducing the National Women’s History Month Resolution. The theme of this year’s bipartisan Women’s History Month is honoring women in public service and government. And this year I am recognizing five extraordinary women in my district: Josephine Orozco, Maria Guevara, Evelyn Cheatham, Linda Parks, and Monica Rosenthal. Honoring women should not be limited to 1 month out of the year. We need to work every day to make sure women have the same opportunities as men have to succeed because when women succeed, America succeeds. f 
RECOGNIZING VINNIE VAN GO GO’S (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Vinnie Van Go Go’s. For over 25 years, Vinnie’s has served quality food at affordable prices in Savannah’s downtown City Market area. Since its founding on February 16, 1991, Vinnie’s has continued to serve excellent ‘‘thin hearty crust Neapolitan pizza’’ to Savannahians and tourists from all over the world. Just like other Savannah mysteries, its founder and owner notoriously remains nameless as numerous Savannah myths revolve around his or her true identity and eccentricities. As a cashonly establishment, Vinnie’s has won multiple awards for its food, including best pizza in the State of Georgia by the Food Network in 2012. It also delivers by professional bicyclists to customers in Savannah’s downtown area. I am proud to recognize Vinnie Van Go Go’s achievement for 25 years as a successful, local and nationally recognized business. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Women’s History Month. This month is our chance to recommit ourselves to the principle that, when women succeed, America succeeds. Women make up almost half of all workers in America, and working mothers are the primary breadwinners in 40 percent of families. More than ever, women’s success is essential to our Nation’s economy. As we begin Women’s History Month in 2016, I encourage this body to meaningfully address the challenges that still exist for women and our families. I am pleased that the National Women’s History Month Project is highlighting two incredible Floridians as they honor women in public service and government: Nadine Smith, an LGBT civil rights activist and the executive director of Equality Florida; and my good friend, Betty Mae Tiger Jumper, the first woman to chair of the Seminole Tribe of Florida and a Presidential adviser. I am so grateful for the contributions these extraordinary women have made to our country, and I am thrilled that they are being recognized in this year’s celebration. f 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE FOR CAPITOL POLICE OFFICERS (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, 62 years ago today, in 1954, four gunmen entered the House Chamber and they opened fire. They wounded five Members of our body. As you know, you can still see a bullet hole in the desk on the floor and where they hit the ceiling of our Chamber. And on this day in 1971, a bomb exploded in the Capitol in a Senate bathroom. No one was hurt, but it was a shock that another act of such violence could happen here. In both instances and every day since, our Capitol Police sacrifice and put their lives on the line to protect our visitors, Members, and staff here in the people’s House. It can be easy to forget the importance and the quiet vigilance from those who keep us safe. Our Capitol Police officers go unappreciated too often. Every day, but especially today, we should take some time and thank them for protecting the safety of everyone who visits and works in the Capitol. 
RECOGNIZING CHARLOTTE CITY COUNCILMAN MALACHI GREENE (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to recognize former Charlotte City Councilman Malachi Greene, who departed this life on February 25. Although he was born in South Carolina, North Carolina was indeed his home. A graduate of Livingstone College, an HBCU in Salisbury, North Carolina, Malachi was a businessman, a teacher, public servant, and overall model citizen. I had known Malachi for many decades and had the pleasure of working with him on numerous occasions. I admired his steadfast dedication to improving the lives of others throughout his work at Bennett College and in the community. In later years, Malachi served two terms on the Charlotte City Council. Throughout his political endeavors, he maintained the ability to appeal to diverse audiences and work with both parties to ensure that good policies rose above politics. Malachi Greene put his all into public service and was a voice for the voiceless. He truly loved his community and his people, and we loved him. North Carolinians across our State will remember his life and his legacy for 
years to come and are grateful for his service. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the start of Women’s History Month and to honor all of the women who have shaped our country’s history. So many women have shattered glass ceilings along the way, like my friend Dolores Watkins Ennis, one of the first African American secondary schoolteachers in my hometown of Flint, Michigan. While this month we celebrate all of the great achievements of women like Dolores, let us not lose sight of the barriers that women still face in this country. Women make up almost half of all workers. Working mothers are the primary breadwinners for many American families, yet the fight for justice, for equal rights and greater opportunity is far, far from over. We need to promote policies that mean greater opportunity for women and their families, like commonsense sick leave and making child care more affordable. As a Nation, we have to make sure that women who are doing the same work as men get equal pay for that work. This country is a place where we should be building an economy that works for everyone, meaning all families. We owe it to our mothers, to our daughters, and to our granddaughters. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Women’s History Month by highlighting the exemplary life of Frances E. Willard. Frances Willard earned her place in history by pioneering the temperance movement, breaking barriers in the field of education and leading the movement to obtain women’s right to vote. Her suffrage arguments hinged on her feminist interpretation of Scripture. She said: ‘‘God sets male and female side by side throughout His realm.’’ Although Frances was born in Churchville, New York, in 1839, she quickly made her way to my hometown of Evanston, Illinois, where, among other things, she was the first woman college president in the country to confer degrees, the second president of the national Woman’s Christian Temperance Union, and a founder of the National Council of Women. In 1905, the great State of Illinois chose to honor her memory by making her the first woman whose statue appears in the National Statuary Hall Collection. That statue still stands today—just a few feet from us—where she is now a constant reminder of the powerful role of women in American history. This Women’s History Month, let us honor the lives of women like Frances Willard who came before us to create equality for women by helping to give us the right to vote, and let’s do it by expanding that role. When women succeed, America succeeds. f 
LYDIA MARIA CHILD (Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, the district I serve, the Fifth District of Massachusetts, is home to women who have shaped our Nation’s history. I would like to celebrate one of those extraordinary women in celebration of Women’s History Month. When you hear the song, ‘‘Over the River and Through the Woods,’’ you are hearing the words of Medford native Lydia Maria Child, a 19th century novelist, poet, abolitionist, Native American rights activist, and women’s rights advocate who pioneered early progressive activism with her groundbreaking work. In her fight for justice and equality, she wrote one of the earliest American historical novels, the first comprehensive history of American slavery, and the first comparative history of women. As we celebrate Women’s History Month and continue to strive for equality and justice for all women, we take great pride in celebrating the contributions of Lydia Maria Child and the other women leaders who have shaped our great country. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 136) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 136 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CAMP PENDLETON MEDAL OF HONOR POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA), a fellow Army veteran. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, of the several postal namings that we will be voting on today, in my humble opinion, none can recognize a more significant contribution than this one. Many will pay honor to those who have served their country, particularly those in the military. But this post office, located at the Mainside of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, is being named not on behalf of one or two or five, but for the many, many, many marines who have deployed from Camp Pendleton since 1942. With over 42,000 marines and sailors currently stationed there and with its history in World War II, the Medal of Honor recipients whose names will appear on the plaque at what is now a numbered Mainside post office will remind all of those who come to that base and come to that facility that people like Colonel William Barber, who received the Medal of Honor for actions at the Chosin Reservoir in Korea, and over 250 Medal of Honor recipients, more than any other base I know of in the world—it will represent those who gave their last measure, those who did for their colleagues and their comrades far more than any of us could imagine ever finding the courage to do. I hope the naming of this will finally allow us to name what we do not have enough roads for, we do not have enough signs for, we do not have enough post offices for, and that is to recognize that the base at Camp Pendleton and its post office, as a result of the authority of this committee, has put out corpsmen and marines for decades who have served our country in a way that no other base could take such pride in. I hope that all who hear this will recognize that we have named many post offices after an individual, but never after an act. And the act of heroism that earns the Medal of Honor is unparalleled to any American. I thank the chairman for his assistance, and I thank the ranking member for bringing this bill in a timely fashion. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I, too, am pleased to join my colleagues—in particular, my friend from California (Mr. ISSA)—in the consideration of H.R. 136. Camp Pendleton, located in southern California, is the West Coast’s largest expeditionary training facility for the U.S. Marine Corps. In the over 230 years of Camp Pendleton’s existence, hundreds of thousands of brave men and women have made great sacrifices there to protect our country. Many of these courageous marines and Navy corpsmen have posthumously received the Medal of Honor, our Nation’s highest award for valor, in recognition of their extreme heroism and selflessness. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the heroic actions members of our military take every day to defend our freedom. The Medal of Honor recipients who have passed through Camp Pendleton have earned our eternal gratitude. By naming this post office in their honor, we show them the respect they deserve. I urge passage of H.R. 136. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of this measure introduced by Congressman ISSAof California. Mr. Speaker, Camp Pendleton, in addition to being a United States Marine Corps base in southern California that is home to 42,000 active marines and sailors, also has a distinguished history. Many of our Nation’s servicemen and women have been based out of Camp Pendleton since it was first opened during World War II. H.R. 136 designates the main post office on base in honor of all of the brave warriors from Camp Pendleton units that have received the Medal of Honor. I urge Members to support this bill to name a post office for these distinguished warriors. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 136. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2016 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2347) to amend the Federal Advisory Committee Act to increase the transparency of Federal advisory committees, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2347 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
INDEPENDENT ADVICE AND RECOMMENDA TIONS ;’’ after ‘‘ RESPONSIBILITIES OF AGENCY  
This Act shall take effect 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2347, introduced by Congressman WILLIAM  ‘‘LACY’’ CLAY. H.R. 2347 was introduced by Representative CLAY to help improve the governance and transparency of the Federal advisory committees. Congress acknowledged the merits of using advisory committees to acquire viewpoints from business, academic, and other interests when it passed the Federal Advisory Committee Act in 1972. While not necessarily well known, Federal advisory committees are small bodies of people who provide advice, guidance, or recommendations to Federal policymakers on a wide range of topics. All told, in fiscal year 2014, 825 Federal advisory committees held 7,173 meetings at a cost to the American taxpayer of more than $334 million. While these committees undoubtedly provided a number of valuable insights, it is important that we continue to work to ensure that these committees produce the best value for the taxpayer. Unfortunately, some agencies note that the FACA requirements are cumbersome and resource intensive, thus reducing the ability of the committees to focus on substantive issues in a timely fashion. Both governmental agencies and private groups say that the 1972 act does not do enough to require agencies to promote openness and transparency. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2347 works to address these problems and bring transparency to Federal advisory committees and the Federal agency decisionmaking process. It also clarifies transparency of committee membership by requiring members to be selected without political affiliation, giving agency heads authorization to require members to fully disclose conflicts of interest and treating those individuals who regularly attend and participate in committee meetings to be considered as a member, even if they are not allowed to vote. H.R. 2347 classifies transparency of committee activities further by ensuring the committee’s advice, information, and recommendations are judgments of the committee and not the agency and, also, by requiring each agency to make available on their Web site the committee and its activities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, December 10, 2015. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : On October 9, 2015, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported without amendment H.R. 2347, the Federal Advisory Committee Act Amendments of 2015, by unanimous consent. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with an additional referral to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that you allow the Ways and Means Committee to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, December 10, 2015. Hon. JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding the Committee on Ways and Means’ jurisdictional interest in H.R. 2347, the ‘‘Federal Advisory Committee Act Amendments of 2015.’’ I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Ways and Means will forgo action on H.R. 2347 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is conditional on our mutual understanding and agreement that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means. In addition, the Committee reserves that right to seek conferees and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2347, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 2347. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me first thank my colleague, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL), as well as the majority party for working with us to get this bill to this forum and to get it ready for passage. I rise in strong support of the Federal Advisory Committee Act Amendments. I have introduced this bill in each of the last four Congresses, and I am hopeful that this time the bill will make it to enactment. b1300 The Federal Advisory Committee Act is one of our core open government laws. FACA is intended to ensure that advisory committees provide objective advice and operate with transparency. Over time, however, agencies have implemented FACA inconsistently and judges have created loopholes in the law. This bill closes the loopholes that allow agencies to get around the Act. Currently, agencies can avoid FACA’s requirements by conducting committee business through subcommittees. This bill makes it clear that FACA applies to subcommittees as well as to the parent committees. The bill also clarifies that a committee that is set up by a contractor is subject to FACA if it is formed under the direction of the President or an agency. Under FACA, agencies would be required to disclose how advisory members are chosen, whether they have financial conflicts of interest if they are appointed to provide their own expertise, and who they work for if they are representing a specific interest. This bill includes changes to lower the cost of implementation based on discussions with the Congressional Budget Office. Specifically, the bill would include a more streamlined definition of what would be considered a committee under the bill. This bill will make the government more accountable by shedding light on who is advising the government and on how one is advising the government. I thank my colleagues for their cooperation in this effort. This is a good government bill, and I urge its passage. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2347, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MAYA ANGELOU MEMORIAL POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3735) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3735 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. MAYA ANGELOU MEMORIAL POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3735, which was introduced by Congresswoman ALMA ADAMS of North Carolina and is supported by the entire North Carolina delegation. The bill designates the post office located at 200 Town Run Lane in WinstonSalem, North Carolina, as the Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office. Madam Speaker, Dr. Maya Angelou held a distinguished career that earned her over 80 honorary degrees. She was an American author, poet, and civil rights activist. Dr. Angelou was born on April 4, 1928, in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1981, she moved to WinstonSalem, North Carolina, where she accepted the Lifetime William Neal Reynolds Professorship of American Studies at Wake Forest University. For over 30 years, she served as a professor at Wake Forest University and became a community leader. Dr. Angelou made literary history with her 1969 acclaimed memoir, ‘‘I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings,’’ when she became the first African American woman to make the nonfiction bestseller list. She served on two Presidential committees: the American Revolution Bicentennial Council, under President Ford, and the National Commission on the Observance of International Women’s Year, under President Carter. In 1993, upon the request of President Clinton, Dr. Angelou composed a poem to read at his inauguration. That poem, entitled ‘‘On the Pulse of Morning,’’ was broadcast live around the world. In 2000, President Clinton awarded Dr. Angelou the National Medal of Arts. She received recognition from the White House under the following Presidents as well. In 2005, Dr. Angelou 
Maya Angelou went on to win a Grammy Award (best spoken word album) for the audio version of the poem. In 1995, Maya Angelou again made history, this time for remaining on The New York Times’ paperback nonfiction bestseller list for two years—the longestrunning record in the chart’s history. Seeking new creative challenges, Maya Angelou made her directorial debut in 1998 with Down in the Delta, starring Alfre Woodard. She also wrote a number of inspirational works, from the essay collection Wouldn’t Take Nothing for My Journey Now, to her advice for young women in Letter to My Daughter. Interested in health, Angelou has even published cookbooks, including Hallelujah! The Welcome Table: A Lifetime of Memories With Recipes and Great Food, All Day Long. Among her numerous accolades are the Chicago International Film Festival’s 1998 Audience Choice Award, Acapulco Black Film Festival in 1999 for Down in the Delta; and two NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Literary Work The Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., a close friend, was assassinated on Maya Angelou’s 40th birthday, April 4, 1968, and from that year forward Maya Angelou refused to celebrate her birthday; instead, she would send flowers to Dr. King’s widow, Coretta Scott King, for more than 30 years, until her death in 2006. President Barack Obama has called Maya Angelou ‘‘a brilliant writer, a fierce friend, and a truly phenomenal woman,’’ who ‘‘had the ability to remind us that we are all God’s children; that we all have something to offer.’’ Madam Speaker, I can think of so many other reasons why Dr. Maya Angelou’s illustrious legacy deserves this profound recognition, but I leave you with these words from Dr. Angelou’s poem, Still I Rise: 
Leaving behind nights of terror and fear. I rise. Into a daybreak that’s wondrously clear. I rise. Bringing the gifts that my ancestors gave. I am the dream and the hope of the slave. I rise. I rise. I rise! 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3735. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
W. RONALD COALE MEMORIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1132) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ’’W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1132 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. W. RONALD COALE MEMORIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. b1315 
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1132, introduced by Congressman JERRY  MCNERNEY of California. The bill designates the post office located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building. Madam Speaker, Mr. Coale spent much of his life in public service and was incredibly involved in his community in Stockton, California. Born in Stockton, he attended the local schools there and graduated from Stockton College. He also earned his teaching certificate in the field of transportation and distribution from the University of California at Berkeley. A veteran of the Korean war, he served in the United States Army from 1952 to 1954 and was honorably discharged. Mr. Coale went on to serve in numerous capacities, supporting local government and public transportation. In fact, he served as a member of the Stockton Port Commission for 22 years. Madam Speaker, Mr. Coale was elected to the Stockton City Council in 1983 and was subsequently elected to the office of vice mayor in 1985, where he served for the next 5 years until 1990. He also served as chair of the San Joaquin County Council of Governments in 1958, while representing the Stockton City Council as vice mayor. Mr. Coale was then appointed by the Stockton City Council to the Stockton Port District board of port commissioners in 1981 and served in that position until March of 2013. He also served in the San Joaquin County Council of Governments, representing the Stockton Metropolitan Transit District board of directors, the Stockton City Council, and the Stockton Port District board of port commissioners. Mr. Coale was a former member and past chairman of the Stockton Salvation Army advisory board and a former gubernatorial appointee to the Atascadero State Hospital advisory board, serving for 8 years as the Governor’s appointee. A Thirtythird Degree Scottish Rite Mason, Mr. Coale was appointed to the Office of Personal Representative of the Sovereign Grand Inspector General of California for the Stockton Scottish Rite in April of 1992. He served in that position until May of 2003. He also served as a trustee of the California Scottish Rite Foundation during that time period. As a veteran, Ron also belonged to the Karl Ross Post of the American Legion in Stockton. Madam Speaker, Mr. Coale passed away in April of 2014 at the age of 81. He left a legacy of many years of service to both his Nation in wartime and to his community and set a strong example of the importance of community involvement. I urge Members to support this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 1132, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building. Ronald Coale was born in 1932 and led a life of dedicated public service, beginning with service to his country during the Korean war. A member of the Stockton Metropolitan Transit District board of directors beginning in 1973, Mr. Coale rather quickly took on a leadership role, chairing the board from 1975 until 1983. He later served local government and the transit sector through his positions as a council member and vice mayor for the city of Stockton, chairman of the Stockton Port Commission, a member of the San Joaquin Council of Governments board of directors, and worked on behalf of the California Public Utilities Commission and California Trucking Association. Mr. Coale passed away at the age of 81 in April 2014. Madam Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize W. Ronald Coale’s inspiring life of public service and to 
honor his accomplishments and his memory. I urge passage of H.R. 1132. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I would like to make my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) aware that I have no further speakers and am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY). Mr. MCNERNEY. Madam Speaker, all the things I wanted to say about Mr. Coale have already been said, so it is going to be personal. I met Mr. Coale when I first got elected. He approached me and asked me if he could be on my service academy advisory board. Of course, I didn’t know much about that at the time. I was glad to appoint him. He did a wonderful job. He always was there with a smile and a warm handshake. He did his best for the community. He did his best for our United States Army and the service academies. I really appreciated the opportunity to get to know him. He is missed. His family has always been very fond of their father and their husband and so on. I share that fondness, and I miss him. Mr. Coale has a great legacy, and I am proud that we are able to get a post office named after him. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on this measure. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1132. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LIONEL R. COLLINS, SR. POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2458) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2458 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LIONEL R. COLLINS, SR. POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2458, introduced by Congressman RICHMOND  of Louisiana. The bill designates the post office located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building. Madam Speaker, Judge Collins made history by being the first African American to win an elected office position in the Jefferson Parish of Louisiana. He dedicated his life to making New Orleans a more just and equal community. Judge Collins was born in Harvey, Louisiana, and not only maintained his roots in the New Orleans area, but also contributed tremendously to the city. After serving in the United States Army and graduating from Howard University School of Law, Judge Collins returned to New Orleans and initiated his career as a pioneering civil rights attorney. He led groundbreaking cases that overturned discriminatory practices. He also integrated West Jefferson Hospital and Jefferson Parish Public Schools. In 1977, Judge Collins received an interim appointment from the Louisiana Supreme Court to serve as a judge. He was the first African American to do so. He was then reelected to serve a second term, during which his fellow judges elected to name him chief judge. He was the first African American to hold this position. Judge Collins broke further barriers, both in his courtroom decisions and in his personal accomplishments. In 1988, Judge Collins passed away at the age of 60. Naming this postal facility for the Honorable Lionel Collins will memorialize his groundbreaking achievements in civil rights and his lifelong dedication to the New Orleans community. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am happy to echo and second the eloquent words that were just said by my colleague on the other side of the aisle. Rather than repeat them or preempt the next speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ). Mr. RICHMOND. Madam Speaker, I am honored to stand here today in support of a bill to designate the Marrero, Louisiana, post office for Lionel Collins, Sr. We will name a number of post offices today, and I just want to state why it is important to me and why it makes a difference: because as a kid, when you pass buildings and you pass things that have names on them, it makes you go back and research who was that person and what did they do so great to get a building or a facility named after them. I hope that today when we pass this bill to name this post office after Judge Lionel Collins, that kids will get a chance to pass by and say: ‘‘What made Lionel Collins deserving of a post office?’’ and ‘‘When I grow up, will I be deserving of a post office?’’ and ‘‘What is it I need do in my life to make a difference?’’ When they go back and they do the research, they will see that Judge Lionel Collins was a pioneering civil rights lawyer. He dedicated his life to making Louisiana a more just and equal State for them. He was the first African American to win elected office in Jefferson Parish where he served as the judge in the 24th Judicial District in Gretna. Lionel had long roots in the metropolitan area. He was born in Harvey in 1927 and attended Gilbert Academy before serving in the United States Army. After that, he went on to the esteemed Xavier University, and then went on to receive his juris doctorate from Howard University in 1954. Throughout his career as a lawyer, Judge Collins played a major role in the civil rights struggle in the South. Beginning in 1957, Lionel led groundbreaking cases that helped to overturn practices of Whiteonly jobs and higher pay for White employees at the Celotex Corporation. Lionel continued to successfully steer desegregation cases with the NAACP across Louisiana. His work integrated West Jefferson Hospital and the Jefferson Parish Public Schools. His courtroom successes and courage in the civil rights initiatives earned him the role of Jefferson Parish’s first African American assistant parish attorney in 1968. As already mentioned, in 1977, Lionel made history by receiving an interim appointment from the Louisiana Supreme Court to serve as judge to the newly created Division L of the 24th Judicial District. He was reelected to a second term and named chief judge by his fellow judges. 
In addition to his civil rights work, Judge Collins served the New Orleans area community throughout his career. He served as a board member for the Urban League and Selective Service. As a testament to his life legacy, the Jefferson Parish School Board voted to rename Ames Montessori School in Marrero as Judge Lionel R. Collins Elementary in 2011. I thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member CUMMINGS for bringing this bill to the floor and congratulate Lionel’s family for this wonderful recognition. I hope that this postal facility will serve as a reminder of Lionel’s courage, his intellect, and his passion for generations to come. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, again, I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2458. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DARYLE HOLLOWAY POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3082) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3082 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. b1330 
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3082, introduced by Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND of Louisiana. The bill designates the post office located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the Daryle Holloway Post Office Building. Madam Speaker, Officer Daryle Holloway was a 22year veteran of the New Orleans Police Department and the father of three children. On June 20, 2015, Officer Holloway lost his life in the line of duty while transporting a suspect to the police station. Prior to his tragic death, Officer Holloway served his community for more than two decades. He attended Corpus Christi Elementary and graduated from St. Augustine High School, both located in New Orleans, the community in which he served. Madam Speaker, Officer Holloway had deep roots in the community he served. Throughout his life, he continued to attend the Friday night football games in support of the St. Augustine High School Purple Knights. His connection to the community was reflected in the way he approached his work. He became a police officer during the early days of community oriented policing, an initiative where officers and residents worked together in order to combat crime and ensure safety. During his 22 years at the New Orleans Police Department, he not only protected the streets of New Orleans, but worked with children in the Cops for Kids summer camps. There, he again emphasized and maintained a healthy relationship among the police, youth, and their families. Madam Speaker, New Orleans will remember Officer Holloway as a dedicated law enforcement officer and, more importantly, as a friend. Naming this post office after Officer Daryle Holloway will memorialize both his unforgettable sense of humor and his lifelong dedication to the city of New Orleans. I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, it is clearly a busy day in New Orleans. Much like the previous bill, rather than speaking and simply repeating the eloquent words that were previously spoken, I would rather yield such time as he may consume again to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), my colleague, who proudly represents his State. Mr. RICHMOND. Madam Speaker, again, I will say that naming this post office in honor of a true public servant and a young man who grew up in the area, a young man who ultimately sacrificed his life to make sure that other people would be safe, who dedicated his life to protecting and serving the residents of New Orleans, will inspire other young kids in that same area, other young kids who grow up in that area, like I did, to look at police work as a life of service and with the possibility of going into law enforcement. That post office bearing the name for Officer Daryle Holloway, I think, will do just that. But Daryle was special. He was a big guy. He was the life of the party, but he knew at a young age that he wanted to be a police officer. Unfortunately, he was killed at the young age of 46 in the line of duty on June 20, 2015, while transporting a suspect to the police station. He was the father of three children. As mentioned earlier, he had very deep roots in the community. He attended Corpus Christi and was a graduate of St. Augustine High School. He joined the police force not too long after finishing high school and remained a passionate supporter of his alma mater. It was mentioned that he would be at the football games cheering on the Purple Knights, but what wasn’t mentioned was that he was always the life of the party. Daryle did become a police officer in the early days of community policing in an effort to focus on officers’ engagement with residents in the communities they serve. He was a natural fit for the police department because he was friends with just about everyone in the city. He was drawn to police work because he genuinely wanted to help people and make New Orleans a safer place for all of us to live. Daryle served with the New Orleans Police Department for 22 years. In addition to protecting our streets, he spent 10 years working with children in the Cops for Kids summer camps, which help develop relationships between police, youth, and their families. Daryle also brought community policing into the Florida and Desire housing developments. After his passing, many of those former residents and summer campers organized a vigil to honor the man they considered not only a police officer but a friend. I would like to personally add that in my eighth grade year at St. Aug, Daryle Holloway, big Daryle Holloway, made sure that little CEDRIC RICHMOND  was protected from everyone in the school. He started his life of serving and protecting probably with me. What he did to mentor kids in the neighborhood and live his life so that he could be an example, especially for young men of color growing up in rough neighborhoods, to show how you carry yourself, responsibility, and commitment, and how to be a family man, how to be a great father, and how to be 
a great son was truly a testament to Daryle Holloway. I know his mother, Olander Belfield Holloway, is probably watching us today. When I talked to her, she said: CEDRIC , I just feel so special that people remember my son and remember the fact that he died in the line of duty doing what he wanted to do the most, and that was protect the citizens of New Orleans. Again, I would like to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member CUMMINGS for bringing this bill to the floor and to once again offer the Holloway family my sincerest condolences. I hope that this postal facility will serve as a reminder of Officer Holloway’s courage and compassion for generations to come. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, clearly, as we just heard, Officer Holloway is exactly the kind of person that we should recognize as a country. It is also a reminder—and I say this representing hundreds, if not thousands, of Philadelphia police officers in my district. It is a reminder of just how dangerous the job of being a police officer is in our society. It is quite clear that Officer Holloway paid the ultimate sacrifice to Louisiana and also to our country. He is worthy of this honor. I urge all those in this House to adopt this bill. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3082. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FRANCIS MANUEL ORTEGA POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3274) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3274 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3274, introduced by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON). The bill designates the post office located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office. Madam Speaker, Officer Ortega was a dedicated public servant who was tragically killed in the line of duty. He was born in New York City on February 27, 1980. He later attended Lawrence High School in Lawrence, Massachusetts. At the time of his death, he was pursuing an associate of science degree in criminal justice from Griffin Technical College in Griffin, Georgia. Officer Ortega had two children, Frankey and Kaylie. He worked as a parttime officer at Pine Lake Police Department and as a fulltime officer at Georgia Regional Hospital. His dedication to peace and safety compelled Officer Ortega to regularly work 80 hour weeks. Tragically, on August 11, 2005, a suspect fatally shot Officer Ortega in front of the Pine Lake Post Office during a routine traffic stop. It is only fitting that this post office be named in honor of this dedicated public servant. Madam Speaker, Officer Ortega will be remembered for his commitment to justice and courage in the face of danger. He desired to stand up for what was right and not what was easy, having made the ultimate sacrifice in giving his life for the protection of his community. Naming this post office after Officer Francis Ortega will memorialize his passion for justice and tremendous dedication to the community of Pine Lake, Georgia. I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) in order to speak and elaborate a little more on Officer Ortega’s life and his sacrifice and service. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member, and I also thank the chair for bringing this bill forward. I also want to thank the members of the DeKalb County, Georgia, chapter of the Fraternal Order of Police, as well as the Georgia chapter of the Fraternal Order of Police, for helping us with this legislation. Madam Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 3274, a bill to rename the Pine Lake, Georgia, Post Office in honor of a fallen police officer, Officer Francis Manuel Ortega. On August 11, 2005, Officer Ortega was tragically killed in front of the Pine Lake Post Office while conducting a routine traffic stop. Officer Ortega was shot and killed after stopping a vehicle for a minor traffic violation. As Officer Ortega communicated with dispatch, the perpetrator exited his vehicle and approached the police cruiser. The perpetrator ignored Officer Ortega’s order to get back into his vehicle, and a struggle ensued. The perpetrator pulled a gun, shot, and killed Officer Ortega. The killer then ran into the post office and committed suicide. Officer Ortega was a parttime officer of the Pine Lake Police Department, and he was a fulltime officer at the Georgia Regional Hospital. Officer Ortega, like many men and women who choose law enforcement as a career, was not driven by the mere pursuit of wealth. Officer Ortega was motivated by the desire to serve others and to keep our communities safe. Unfortunately, because society doesn’t pay police officers the full value of their service, Officer Ortega was forced to work a number of part time jobs. His dedication to peace and safety within the community compelled him to work, regularly, 80hour workweeks. As the chair just mentioned, he was a student pursuing a degree in criminal justice. Officer Ortega is survived by his parents, Francisco and Luz; his sister, Joann; and his children, Frankey and Kaylie. Officer Ortega made the ultimate sacrifice and gave his life to protect his community. I can think of no better way to preserve his memory and to honor his legacy than to dedicate this facility as the Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office Building. b1345 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, like we heard previously about Officer Holloway, Officer Francis Manuel Ortega is clearly worthy of this honor. My heartfelt sympathies go to his family. I hope today it might bring them some small measure of comfort. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3274. 
The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MELVOID J. BENSON POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3601) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3601 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3601, introduced by my colleague from Rhode Island, Congressman JAMES  LANGEVIN . The bill designates the post office located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building. Madam Speaker, Ms. Benson was born on February 13, 1930, in Jackson, Tennessee, and moved to North Kingstown, Rhode Island, in the 1960s. Once there, Ms. Benson dedicated her life to public service and to the people of the State of Rhode Island. In 1965, she began what would become a 25year teaching career in the North Kingstown School Department. Ms. Benson then served in the Rhode Island State House of Representatives for 14 years and spent the subsequent 8 years serving on the North Kingstown School Committee. She served on the School Committee until 2014, when, at the age of 84, Ms. Benson made the decision not to seek reelection. Madam Speaker, all told, Ms. Benson spent nearly 50 years in public service. In February 2015, Ms. Benson was honored with a lifetime achievement award from the North Kingstown Democratic Town Committee. In continued appreciation to Ms. Benson, Representative LANGEVIN introduced H.R. 3601, which names a post office in her honor. The Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building would be an important fixture showing the gratitude of many for Ms. Benson’s years of dedication to her community and her service to the State of Rhode Island. I urge Members to support the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), my friend. Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Speaker, I am truly honored and pleased to rise today in support of H.R. 3601, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building. As my colleague stated, for more than 50 years Mel Benson has been a consummate public servant, dedicating her time to educating our youth, fighting for social justice, building up our communities, and giving back to her friends and neighbors. Born Melvoid Estes on February 13, 1930, in Jackson, Tennessee, Mel grew up in the segregated South, but that did not stop her from pursuing an education and becoming active in politics. Her father worked for the railroad, and her mother was a teacher. According to Mel, they both instilled in her the importance of education. ‘‘Every generation,’’ they said, ‘‘must do better than the last.’’ Mel took their advice to heart and made education a priority. She graduated from high school in 1947 and went on to receive her bachelor’s degree from Lane College in social science with a minor in education. Two years later she married her high school sweetheart, Arnathia ‘‘Ben’’ Benson, who joined the Navy after college. Mel taught her first class at an all Black school in Madison County. However, as a Navy wife, she wouldn’t stay in Tennessee for long. She and her husband were eventually stationed at Quonset Naval Base in North Kingstown, Rhode Island, which would become Mel’s new home and a community she would forever change for the better. After moving to Rhode Island in the 1960s, Mel taught in the North Kingstown school system for 25 years. She educated students at Hamilton Elementary, the former Quonset Elementary; Davisville Middle School; and Wickford Middle School. Every student she taught was touched by her wisdom and guidance. According to Matthew Leonard, chairman of the North Kingstown Democratic Town Committee, who had Mel as a teacher in the eighth grade, she possessed a wonderful gift. Her whole focus was education and children,’’ Matthew recounted. ‘‘She believed the future is in children, and our greatest goal is to continue on to the next generation.’’ She carried that belief all the way to the State house of representatives, where she became the first Black woman elected to the Rhode Island Legislature from the Second Congressional District and the second Black woman elected to the legislature from the entire State. According to Mel, she never thought of herself as a Black woman in the statehouse. She was there to do the work of the people. That is exactly what she did, proudly representing the town of North Kingstown for 14 years. I was fortunate enough to serve with Mel in the statehouse and she made a wonderful teammate and friend. She always spoke her mind and knew how to get things done. As State Senator James Sheehan put it, ‘‘Mel could be tough as bricks. When she was after something, she’d let you know it.’’ It was that passion that led to some of her proudest accomplishments as a member of the Rhode Island General Assembly, including her early involvement with the planning and development of Quonset Business Park and particularly the rehabilitation of the old Kiefer Park into modern housing. After a distinguished career in the statehouse, Mel was elected to the North Kingstown School Committee, where she served for 8 years, until 2014. At the age of 84, Mel decided not to seek reelection. But 2 years later, she still hasn’t lost her spark. Well known for her perseverance, wit, and unmistakable candor, Mel has touched the lives of countless Rhode Islanders—my own included—and people still love to regale in stories of the great Mama Mel. State Representative Robert Craven, who has known Mel since 1974, described her as someone who just relished the opportunity to be involved in people’s lives and make a difference in every capacity, as a wife, a mother, a schoolteacher, a State representative, and a School Committee member. Beth Cullen, who considers Mel like a mother, characterized Mel’s impact upon our community perfectly: ‘‘She really taught North Kingstown a lesson that it doesn’t matter what you look like. It’s what you do; and she lived it every day.’’ Madam Speaker, I couldn’t agree more. Mel has truly dedicated her life 
to public service. Whether it was at the statehouse, in the School Committee chambers, or in the classroom, she has always put the best interests of Rhode Island and its young people first. I would like to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member C UMMINGS of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee for their work in bringing this legislation to the floor. I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring Mel Benson for a lifetime of distinguished service and achievement by supporting H.R. 3601, designating the North Kingstown Post Office as the Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I also urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3601. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SECOND LT. ELLEN AINSWORTH MEMORIAL POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4046) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4046 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SECOND LT. ELLEN AINSWORTH MEMORIAL POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), my friend and colleague. Mr. DUFFY. I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for yielding. Madam Speaker, today I rise to recognize Second Lieutenant Ellen Ainsworth of the Seventh District of Wisconsin for her bravery, sacrifice, and service to her country during World War II. Second Lieutenant Ainsworth grew up in the Wisconsin farming community of Glenwood City, where she is still recognized for her service and her sacrifice. Ellen was well known around town as a caring young woman who loved to sing. She had a beautiful voice. Folks in town saw her as a leader and a go getter. When duty called, she selflessly answered that call of duty. In 1942, she entered the United States Army Nurse Corps after graduating from nursing school at the Minneapolis Eitel Hospital. She was first deployed to Tunisia and then, shortly after, to Italy, where she was assigned to the 56th Evacuation Hospital. Although the risk was high, it did not stop Lieutenant Ainsworth from honorably serving her country. On February 10, 1944, Lieutenant Ainsworth’s hospital tent came under heavy artillery attack in an area many described as hell’s half acre. Under heavy enemy fire, Lieutenant Ainsworth disregarded her own well being, evacuating 42 patients to safety, only stopping when she was hit by shrapnel from an exploding ordnance. Lieutenant Ainsworth succumbed to her wounds 6 days later. At just 24 years old, she was the only Wisconsin servicewoman to make the ultimate sacrifice during World War II. Ainsworth was buried in the Sicily Rome American Cemetery and Memorial in Italy. Lieutenant Ainsworth was posthumously awarded a Silver Star, a Purple Heart, and a Red Cross Bronze Medal. A portrait of her currently hangs in the Pentagon as a testament to her bravery in the face of chaos and destruction. The courageous actions of Lieutenant Ainsworth are witnessed today by the children of the soldiers who she saved, who would not be here if not for her heroism. She personified the honor and dignity through sacrifice that so many of her fellow Wisconsinites displayed during World War II. Her death was a tragedy for the small town of Glenwood City. Over 72 years later, Lieutenant Ainsworth still has a large presence in that community. A health clinic, a veterans home as well as the American Legion post in her hometown have all been named in her honor. Madam Speaker, it is my honor to sponsor H.R. 4046, a bill that names the Glenwood City Post Office after Lieutenant Ellen Ainsworth. It will stand as a reminder of the bravery of one American from Wisconsin’s Seventh Congressional District. Please join me to recognize this most deserving hero and Wisconsinite as we name the post office at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. b1400 GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I also support this important piece of legislation introduced by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), my colleague and friend. Rare is the individual, such as Second Lieutenant Ellen Ainsworth, who served in the Army Nurse Corps. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, but I will be brief. One of the nice things about doing this is getting to hear the stories of ordinary Americans who make tremendous sacrifices. And clearly, Second Lieutenant Ainsworth was an extraordinary American who made such a sacrifice. I am proud to support this resolution, and I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, I urge the adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4046. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 103, H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office,’’ had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. GRANGER. Madam Speaker, on rollcall No. 103, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO RECOGNIZE AND HONOR THE ‘‘HESSTON STRONG’’ OF HESSTON, KANSAS (Mr. POMPEO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POMPEO. Madam Speaker, last week, a gunman shot his way across south central Kansas, and then inside of Excel Industries in Hesston, Kansas, killed three people and injured over a dozen. It is impossible to make sense of such violence and suffering. Renee Benjamin, known by her friends for her ‘‘infectious personality’’; Joshua Higbee, a loving father who family and friends said ‘‘would give the shirt off his back for you’’; and Brian Sadowsky, a passionate Kansas City Royals fan who coworkers said stayed behind to help the wounded escape were simply doing their jobs taking care of themselves and families. The loss of these three innocent people is something that no one in Hesston or our larger community will ever forget. The lives of those who loved them are changed forever. I was not surprised to see so many people working side by side the day after the attack trying to mend what happened less than 24 hours before. Everywhere I went, there were helping hands. This is so typical of the people of Hesston and Harvey County that I know so well. Their actions amidst this tragedy are a true reflection of what the Scriptures tells us: ‘‘Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.’’ There was remarkable power in the work of law enforcement officials and city leaders, including Harvey County Sheriff T. Walton and Hesston Mayor David Kauffman. Excel Industries, where the shootings took place, is blessed by the steady leadership of President Paul Mullet, who, along with his team, will lead the Excel Industries family through this tragedy. We remember, too, all the first responders, the Hesston Police Department, Harvey County Sheriff’s Office, the FBI, and the Kansas Bureau of Investigation, all of whom acted heroically to save lives and secure the scene, and the leaders at Newton Medical Center, Wesley Medical Center, and Via Christi in Wichita, who cared for the injured. We can never thank them enough. The community has rallied around the words ‘‘Hesston Strong.’’ They have been, they are, and I know they will continue to be strong. May God bless the entire Hesston community. Madam Speaker, I ask that the House pause for a moment of silence in honor of those impacted by the tragic events in Hesston, Kansas. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would ask all in the Chamber to rise in a moment of silence. 
MAYA ANGELOU MEMORIAL POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3735) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’ on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 371, nays 9, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 52, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Duncan (SC) Grothman Harris Massie Mooney (WV) Palazzo 
Aderholt Babin Barton Brady (TX) Byrne Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Comstock Connolly Culberson Doggett Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Flores Gohmert Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Harper Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Kline Lewis Maloney, Carolyn Marchant McNerney Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Napolitano Pascrell Perlmutter Perry Ratcliffe Roby Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sessions Sewell (AL) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Veasey Vela Westmoreland 
b1432 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 104, H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office,’’ had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 104, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on March 1, 2016, I was detained in my district and missed the two rollcall votes of the day. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Aye’’—rollcall No. 103—H.R. 136—To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office.’’ ‘‘Aye’’—rollcall No. 104—H.R. 3735—To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office.’’ 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded today. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: rollcall No. 103: ‘‘aye’’; and rollcall No. 104: ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on Tuesday, March 1, 2016, due to important events being held today in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office,’’ I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office,’’ I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 102, 103, and 104, I missed votes due to district business. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(S. 1596) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1596 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIALIST JOSEPH W. RILEY POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 1596, introduced by Senator ROBPORTMAN of Ohio. The bill designates a post office that is located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, on November 24, 2014, United States Army Specialist Joey Riley gave his life serving his country as part of Operation Enduring Freedom in Kabul Province, Afghanistan. Specialist Riley was just 27 years of age. A native of Grove City, Ohio, he graduated from Grove City High School in 2005. Specialist Riley made the honorable and brave decision to enlist in the United States Army in June of 2012. In March 2013, Specialist Riley was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. He became a decorated soldier with awards and decorations, including the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart, the Army Commendation Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with a Campaign Star, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, the Overseas Service Ribbon, the NATO Medal, the Combat Infantryman Badge, and the Parachutist Badge. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that we will name the post office in his hometown to memorialize the courage and sacrifice of the United States Army and this fine paratrooper, Specialist Joey Riley. I urge Members to support this bill to name a post office in honor of this soldier. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of S. 1596. Joseph Riley, a native of Grove City, Ohio, excelled in football at Grove City High School. Following his graduation in 2005, he went on to play football at Capital University. In 2012, as was mentioned, Joseph joined the Army and was assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division, stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Specialist Riley showed a special concern for the people of Afghanistan, believing that the fight was worthwhile in order to improve the lives of others. Specialist Riley’s life was tragically cut short when a suicide bomber attacked his vehicle in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing him and seven others. Remembered by friends and colleagues as a superb paratrooper and the kind of friend everyone hopes for in their lives, Specialist Riley’s honors, as mentioned, included the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Combat Infantryman Badge, and Basic Parachutist Badge. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor the courage and selflessness exhibited by Specialist Joseph Riley and to memorialize the sacrifices he made for our country. I urge the passage of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1596. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL JAMES ‘‘MAGGIE’’ MEGELLAS POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1826) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1826 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LIEUTENANT COLONEL JAMES ‘‘MAGGIE’’ MEGELLAS POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 1826, introduced by Senator RONJOHNSON of Wisconsin. The bill designates the post office at 99 West Second Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office. Our colleague and fellow member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Representative GLENN GROTHMAN , introduced a House companion bill, but we are pleased today to be taking up the Senate version, as it will get to the President’s desk faster. Retired United States Army Lieutenant Colonel Megellas is a highly decorated veteran of World War II and an individual whose story is one of remarkable bravery. He graduated from college in 1942, accepting a commission as a second lieutenant in the United States Army, where he served—courageously, I might add—as an elite paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne Division. One of the most remarkable stories about Lieutenant Colonel Megellas comes during service in the Battle of the Bulge, where he singlehandedly destroyed a German Panther tank and saved the lives of many of his men. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill and name a post office after this true American hero. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Megellas was born and raised in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army following his graduation from Ripon College in 1942. As was mentioned, serving as a paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne Division during World War II, then1st Lieutenant Megellas courageously led his platoon in the Battle of the Bulge. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the strong leadership 
Lieutenant Colonel James Megellas exhibited in his courageous defense of our country during World War II. I urge the passage of S. 1826. I reserve the balance of my time. b1445 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ), my friend and colleague. Mr. GROTHMAN. First, I thank my colleague from Oklahoma and my colleague from Missouri for saying such nice things about Lieutenant Colonel Megellas. I also thank Senator JOHNSON, who did a good job of getting this through the U.S. Senate. Mr. Speaker, as has been said, Lieutenant Colonel Megellas was born in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, and went to school in Ripon, Wisconsin, before he joined the military. He was truly a hero of the Greatest Generation. His most notable battle experiences included action in the Italian mountains near the Anzio beachhead, his combat jump into Holland as part of the Operation Market Garden, his crossing of the Waal River under heavy German fire in broad daylight, and the Battle of the Bulge in January of 1945, when he singlehandedly destroyed a German Mark V Panther Tank and led his platoon on one of the most distinctive actions of the war without there being a single American casualty. We have also offered a private bill that tries to get Mr. Megellas the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of the Bulge. Today, Mr. Megellas lives in Colleyville, Texas, with his wife, Carole. I have met him and it was just tremendous. Currently he is 98 years old. In a couple of weeks he will be 99. He is as sharp as a tack and is agile. I am very honored to be able to introduce this bill, and I just can’t look forward enough to the day in Fond du Lac when I will see Lieutenant Colonel Megellas’ name up there at the post office on 2nd Street. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, that was quite a description of Mr. Megellas at the young age of—about to be—99. He should be an inspiration to us all. I urge the passage of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call for the immediate passage of S. 1826, a bill to rename the post office located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office. It is my great honor to recognize Lieutenant Colonel James Megellas (Ret), and to call Maggie a constituent of the 24th District of Texas. In 1942, Maggie accepted an ROTC commission as a second lieutenant in the infantry and shortly thereafter faced combat in Italy. Notably, in January 1945, Maggie and his platoon advanced toward Herresbach, Belgium, and came upon 200 German troops who were advancing out of town. In an act of selflessness and bravery, Lt. Col. Megellas sprinted toward a German tank as it took aim at his fellow soldiers. He disabled the tank with a grenade, then dropped another into the tank eliminating the threat his men faced from the combat vehicle. Lt. Col Megellas has been honored with many awards, including the Silver Star and the Distinguished Service Cross. Lt. Col Megellas is beyond deserved of having this post office location named in his honor. I continue to commend Maggie on serving his country with honor and bravery, as a shining example of courage and as a member of the greatest generation America has known. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congressional District of Texas, I ask all my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing the sacrifice and bravery of Lt. Col Megellas and urge for the swift passage of S. 1826. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1826. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. DELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Permanent Commission on the Status of Women, Connecticut’s leading force for women’s equality. Formed under State statute in 1973 to study and improve the economic security, health, and safety of Connecticut women, the Commission undertakes vital work to eliminate gender discrimination in its many forms. They have helped to shape the debate around issues that impact the lives of Connecticut women and their families, and it has created public policy that makes a difference. Notably, it had a leadership role in creating the first family and medical leave protections in the country and, in Connecticut, in becoming the first State in the Nation to pass paid sick days. I have focused much of my time in Congress on these issues and I have often turned to the Commission for guidance and for support. It is with great pride and with my deepest thanks that I rise today to celebrate their work. 
OPERATION RESPECT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, today is a different subject than I usually discuss in the course of these Special Order hours. Normally we come down here and we talk about how we are going to create jobs, how we are going to make better opportunities for people through education. We talk about making it in America, rebuilding our infrastructure, manufacturing, and the like. Yet, today, there is something else on my mind, and it happens to be an issue that I first came across in elementary school. On the school grounds at Mokelumne Hill Elementary School—a threeroom school that was built in the late 1800s— there were not many kids, but there was always one kid who seemed to be picked on. I am not exactly sure why that young boy was the one to be picked on, but he was bullied. As the years go by, I suspect we forget about those things, but we know that the children are always listening. They are listening to each other on the school grounds and they are likely to join in this bullying and in picking on some kid on the grounds. That happened at Mokelumne Hill Elementary School many, many years ago. As our own kids were growing up, my wife would always say, ‘‘Remember the children are listening. They are listening to what you have to say and they are going to copy what you say.’’ In the year 2000, I was with my wife at a concert here in the Washington area, and Peter, Paul and Mary were performing that night. Towards the end of the performance, Peter Yarrow said, ‘‘I have a new song, and I would like you to pay careful attention to this song. This song is really important to me.’’ I suppose his other songs dealing with wars and peace were equally important, but he highlighted this particular song. The song was ‘‘Don’t Laugh At Me.’’ Don’t call me names. Don’t make fun of me because I am short or tall or wear glasses. After the performance was over, we were invited to go out to dinner with Peter that night. He asked, ‘‘What did you think of the song?’’ I said, ‘‘It reminded me of my school,’’ because people were laughing at that kid. He said, ‘‘I want you to do something.’’ He said, ‘‘I want you to take this song and make it into a national movement against bullying so as to try to teach our young children to stop bullying.’’ I told him I didn’t have time for that, as we were returning to California after the 2000 election. He said that doesn’t make any sense because California has the same problem. I learned right away you don’t say no to Peter Yarrow, so I began to work with him on a program that became 
known as Operation Respect. I worked with him for about 3 to 4 years, and then I moved on and Operation Respect moved on. It is now found in 22,000 schools across the United States. It is a simple program. You can find it online. It is Operation Respect. You can download the song. You can download the text. It is there. There are 22,000 schools across the United States that are trying to help our young children understand what bullying means. Bullying means that 160,000 American children do not go to school each day because they are afraid. They are afraid to endure another day of bullying—verbal, sometimes physical— from their peers. Twentytwo percent of teenagers in a National Study of Adolescents reported that they had been bullied or victimized. The reasons for bullying are many. Usually it is about looks, as 55 percent say it is about looks; it is about body shape— too big, too tall, too fat, too slender— at 37 percent; and race at 16 percent. Students who experience bullying are at an increased risk of experiencing poor adjustment at school, sleep difficulties, anxiety, depression. Also, students who engage in the bullying behavior are at risk of having academic problems, substance abuse, and violent behavior later in their adolescence and adulthood. In surveys, approximately 30 percent of young people admit to bullying others, and 70 percent of young people say that they have seen bullying in their schools. I did when I was growing up. Seventy percent of schools’ staffs say that they see it. Eightyone percent of students who identify as LGBT were bullied last year based on their sexual orientation. What does it mean? It means that certain lives are seriously disrupted and that there is unhappiness and depression in those lives, but it also means violence. Do you remember Columbine? The perpetrators were frequently harassed by athletes and other students before coming to school, and then they came to school with firearms and explosives, killing 13 and injuring 21. Do you remember Virginia Tech? SeungHui Cho was picked on and bullied by his peers before he killed 32 people in 2007. In Santa Barbara, California, the shooter wrote a 130page manifesto about how he had been severely bullied in high school, and he killed six and injured 14. There are those who are violent to others and who are equally violent to themselves. 12yearold Rebecca Sedwick suffered from cyberbullying. She received messages over social media, and she killed herself. In Montana, an 18yearold with learning disabilities committed suicide. Another shot himself in the chest after enduring bullying and hazing from the high school football team. He was pushed into lockers, punched in the head. He quit the football team after the first week, telling his dad, ‘‘I am being picked on at school,’’ in the suicide note he left that night. He shot himself. He blamed bullying. The children are listening. They listen to each other. They learn bullying and they carry it on. Operation Respect attempts to deal with this, as does Peter Yarrow’s song from Peter, Paul and Mary, ‘‘Don’t Laugh At Me.’’ Don’t laugh at me because I am tall, short, Black, White, young, old, or because I wear glasses. Don’t laugh at me. The children are listening. Across America, what are the children listening to today? What are they listening to today by our leaders, by the people who purport to lead the strongest nation in the world? b1500 What are they hearing? My daughter is a kindergarten teacher. Her kids come to class and are repeating what they hear on television. They are calling each other a desperate person. They are saying to each other: ‘‘He’s a desperate person,’’ ‘‘He’s a sad person,’’ ‘‘He’s a pathetic person.’’ Kids come to class and are repeating what they heard on television: ‘‘He doesn’t even use his last name in his ads,’’ ‘‘He’s a sad person,’’ ‘‘He’s absolutely crazy,’’ ‘‘I mean, this guy is a nervous wreck.’’ I have never seen anything like it. They repeat what they have heard on television. So what are our kids learning? What are they learning from people who want to be our national leader? Well, they are probably learning that you can say things like: ‘‘He’s the least talented. . . .’’, ‘‘He’s done poorly,’’ ‘‘He goes away like a little sheep.’’ Maybe our kids are talking to each other and they are repeating what they have heard on television: ‘‘You could see the blood coming out of her eyes,’’ ‘‘She’s a bimbo,’’ ‘‘Look at that face,’’ ‘‘Would anyone vote for that?’’, ‘‘Can you imagine that face on the next president?’’, ‘‘I mean, she’s a woman and I’m not supposed to say bad things, but really, folks, come on. Are we serious?’’ The kids are listening, folks. The kids are listening to the national debate. For years, we have known bullying is a problem. We know it. We see it in the classrooms. We see the result of violence. We see the fact of disrespect. We know it leads to shootings. We know it leads to school shootings. We know it leads to suicides. Yet, on our national television every night people that want to lead this Nation are bullying each other. They are saying disrespectful things that are personal that don’t have a thing to do with policy, just as though it was a kindergarten school ground: ‘‘Now, I’ve watched a part of his little act and he’s a desperate guy,’’ ‘‘He’s not presidential material, I can tell you,’’ ‘‘He doesn’t have the demeanor,’’ ‘‘He’s a nervous Nellie,’’ ‘‘Putting on makeup with a trowel,’’ ‘‘He was so scared like a little puppy.’’ That is bullying. That is bullying. And if you were in kindergarten, you would be at the principal’s office. Our kids are listening. So what is the message? That it is okay to bully? It is okay to demean people? What is the message? 16,000 kids stay home from school each day because of bullying. And on national television? They purport to lead this Nation. So what are we to do? I guess we are going to have to take programs like Operation Respect, Operation Trevor, and other programs that try to help our children understand the result of bullying, what actually happens, not just to the children that are being bullied, but also to those who engage in bullying. So what are we teaching? What are we teaching our children? What Pandora’s box are we opening across this Nation when demeaning each other is the national discourse in how we select the next President of the United States? That it is okay to call your rival names? It is not about their policies, not about what we are going to do with our national security, but, rather, what makeup you might be wearing or the nature of one’s face. Calling each other unhinged, unstable, a liar, is this what we have come to? That night Peter Yarrow sang that song for the first time in concert: ‘‘Don’t laugh at me. Don’t call me names. Don’t make fun of me.’’ There are consequences. There are consequences. You tear a person down far enough and maybe you will win an election, but every child across this Nation is listening. They are listening. What are they going to do when they go to school the next day? Well, it is okay. We could call each other names. I can make fun at you. I could laugh at you. After all, it is on television: ‘‘Had one of those sweet little mustaches,’’ ‘‘Maybe to make sure his pants weren’t wet,’’ ‘‘Maybe he should sue whoever did that to his face.’’ Operation Respect. 22,000 schools across this Nation are trying to impart to our children that we all have value, that whether you are tall or short or fat, whether you are Black or White or whatever color, whatever you want to be in life, it is okay. It is okay. You are important. You have value. We are not going to demean each other. We are not going to bully each other. You are important. Whatever you are, whatever you may be, you are important. That is Operation Respect. Trying to teach the young children in 22,000 schools to respect each other, to respect the differences, to understand and to learn that we all share space on this planet and that each one of us, whatever we may be, whatever we may think about the solution to the world’s problems, we have value. So tonight I will go from this Chamber. I will go back to my home and will 
turn the TV on. I will guarantee you that I will find a Presidential candidate bullying another candidate just as though it was a school ground. I know that the children are watching. I know that all that Operation Respect is trying to do and all of the other programs around this Nation that are trying to teach our children to respect each other, to not engage in bullying—I know that their work will be erased from the blackboard by tonight’s television. After all, it is Super Tuesday. And leading up to Super Tuesday, you and I know what we have heard. Is our Nation better for it? I don’t think so. Because I know that the children are watching, and I know somehow an awful message is going out across this Nation that it is okay to demean another person, it is okay to pick on somebody because of their makeup, because of the nature of their face, because they happen to be a woman. I fear the result of all of this. I don’t fear the policies. The policies come and go. We debate here on the floor more military, less military; more education, less education; the environment is good, climate change is real, climate change is not. That is legitimate. That is the way America ought to be. But to call a woman a bimbo or to say you peed your pants, what in the world is this all about? It is about our children. It is about our future and about telling us what it is okay to do. Well, it is not okay because the children are listening. Thank God we have organizations—Operation Respect and others—that are somehow trying to push back. They are not going to stop every violent act. At least some kid isn’t going to pick up a gun and walk into the school and start blasting away because he has been bullied. I yield back the balance of my time. 
NATIONAL DEBT AND SPENDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was trained as an engineer. In my engineering training, we were taught that, before you can solve a problem, you have to identify and define the problem. If you solve the wrong problem, you accomplish very little. I serve on the Budget Committee. On the Budget Committee, we take an in depth look at all of government. As we examine the programs and as we examine revenues and expenditures of the Federal Government, we see many issues that are of great concern to the future of our country. We see threats to our safety and our security. We see overreach and hassles created by the very government that is here to serve. Mr. Speaker, there is a gargantuan issue facing our country that threatens all our futures. Our gross national debt, fueled by outofcontrol spending, continues to grow and is past $19 trillion, which exceeds our gross domestic product. Today, while much of the country focuses on primary elections, several of my colleagues from the Budget Committee, including Chairman PRICE, wish to have an open and honest conversation about this issue of debt and spending that you are probably not going to hear much about anywhere else. We not only hope to bring attention to this issue by defining the problem. We will propose real solutions to restore fiscal order so that Americans can thrive and Americans—not the government or any one person, but Americans—can make America all that she can be. If we delve into the major fiscal issues facing our country, it becomes obvious that we have an enormous spending problem. I have a chart here. This chart shows us where we have been, where we were in 1965. It shows where we are today with the numbers through 2015. It also predicts where we will be in the future in 2026. The spending represented by the red on these pie charts is what is called mandatory spending. If you want to think of it this way, this spending is on cruise control. This spending is on programs that were put in place by previous Congresses. Really, if we didn’t even meet anymore, this spending in the red will continue to go on. The spending in the blue is the discretionary spending. That is the money that is spent by appropriations that are done in Congress every year. The 12 appropriation bills that we hope to get back to regular order this year and pass each of those 12 bills out of the House and out of the Senate and put them on the President’s desk relate to the spending that is highlighted in blue on these pie charts. b1515 The omnibus bill from last year, that affected what is in the blue. It didn’t affect what is in the red. As you look at these charts, you can see that in 50 years we have had a little bit of a flipflop. In 1965, we were right at twothirds of our spending was discretionary, which was controlled by the appropriations process, and right around onethird of our spending was mandatory. But over that 50year period, we have seen tremendous growth in spending. We have seen that now over twothirds of our spending is mandatory and less than onethird of our spending is discretionary. So, when Congress meets and we debate these appropriations bills, we are only debating about one third of the spending that takes place by the Federal Government. The real story is what is projected to happen in 2026, just 10 years from now. Over 50 years, we saw $17.8 trillion of increased spending in our gross debt. That is $356 billion a year. But in just 10 short years from today, the Congressional Budget Office projects that our gross debt will be $29.3 trillion. That will be a growth of over $11.2 trillion in a 10year period. That is over $1 trillion per year that we will see in spending growth between now and 2026 if we stay on the path that we are currently on. Mr. Speaker, I hope to explain today why we can’t stay on this path. There are a lot of issues to look at. My colleagues on the Committee on the Budget will look at the path that we are on, and they will look at different areas of this spending. We will provide solutions to how to avoid the future financial crisis that is only getting worse. We are already in a financial crisis. When we look at what contributes to our national debt, to our gross debt, $645 billion this year will go to debt all because of mandatory spending. Our national debt, our gross debt, will increase $1.1 trillion. It is at about $19.3 trillion this fiscal year. Only part of that can be controlled through discretionary spending. We have to start addressing the issues with mandatory spending if we truly want to address the fiscal condition of our country. This next slide breaks it down in a little bit more detail. Remember, red is mandatory spending and blue is discretionary spending. We see that under the discretionary spending, the part that we debate so vigorously in this Chamber, the part that makes all the headlines, most of that, or about half of that, is in defense, and then the rest of it is nondefense discretionary spending. There are five areas—just five areas— that over twothirds of everything spent in this country go to. As we saw on the previous chart, by 2026 those five areas will make up over three fourths, will make up 78 percent of every dollar spent by the Federal Government. Those five areas are: Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, interest on the debt, and kind of a lump category of other mandatory spending. Right now Social Security is the largest expenditure of the Federal Government at $882 billion per year. If we look at Social Security and Medicare, these are programs that working Americans have invested in that are very important but are headed to insolvency. We have to fix them to preserve them for all of us who have contributed to them. The people who project the numbers show that by 2030, on the course we are on, Medicare will be insolvent. By 2034, Social Security will be insolvent. Mr. 
Speaker, the young people in our country should be alarmed at this. By 2034 and 2030, these programs that we have all contributed to are projected to be insolvent if we don’t change course. If we look at Medicaid, it grew by doubledigit percentage points last year, a lot of that because of the Affordable Care Act. If we look at other mandatory spending, these are our social welfare programs. These were programs that were put in place with good intentions but are getting poor results. Finally, the one that probably should concern us all the most is our interest on the debt. The Congressional Budget Office tells us that by 2025, if we don’t change course, interest on the debt will be a larger expenditure than Social Security. As our debt continues to balloon and grow, the interest that we must pay on that debt will also balloon and grow, and that is why mandatory spending will become such a large part of all the spending and really make our discretionary spending somewhat minuscule compared to the gargantuan size of mandatory spending. I want to talk about just a couple of these areas. Some of my colleagues will talk about other areas as we move forward. If we look at some of our social welfare programs and our Medicaid program, again, these programs were put in place for people who were truly in need. They were put in place for a hand up instead of a handout, but oftentimes they have become just the opposite of that. Some of these programs, instead of helping people out of poverty, they trap people in poverty. Now, Medicaid is a unique issue because it was put in place for aged people, for disabled people, for blind people, people that we would all agree we need to help out and lend a helping hand, but now there are a lot of able bodied, workingage adults—these are people 18–65 years old who are not disabled—who are receiving Medicaid benefits. We are seeing a lot of increase in cost there. We are seeing a lot of increase in cost in social welfare programs, such as SNAP. One area where we can address our budget, where we can address this looming fiscal crisis, is in our social welfare programs. Let’s look at what has happened just in the SNAP program. Since 2000, increased enrollment in SNAP programs has grown 171 percent. To say that another way, for every new job added since 2000—and that is 4.3 million of them—30.4 million people have been added to food stamps. That is seven people being added to the Food Stamp program for every new job that has been created in this country since 2000. Again, instead of lifting people out of poverty, many of our welfare programs are actually trapping people in poverty. If we look at some of the numbers on SNAP, 57 percent of ablebodied adult households have no earned income. These are people receiving the food stamp benefits. What is even maybe more alarming is 75 percent of the people receiving SNAP benefits, 75 percent of childless adult households have no earned income. That is 17.3 million people. That is a 252 percent increase since 2000 in this one demographic of childless adult households who have zero income who are receiving SNAP benefits. Only 50 percent of parent households have earned income. So what happens? What happens if we change the scenario? What happens when you move people from welfare to work? Well, Kansas tried a program. They tried a program to restore work requirements for ablebodied, childless adults in 2013, and they saw fantastic results from that. They saw a 50 percent immediate decline in enrollment when they enacted work requirements for ablebodied, workingage adults on this program. They saw a 68 percent longterm decline in enrollment, and they saw a 168 percent increase in work participation rates among the enrollees. They saw a 133 percent increase in average income of ablebodied, childless adult enrollees. They saw a 55 percent increase in average income of ablebodied, childless adult enrollees. Mr. Speaker, a number that we can’t ever forget is that only 2.9 percent of fulltime workers live in poverty. If we want to pull people out of poverty, we need to create an environment where people can work, where they can pull themselves out of poverty. We have also found that in these social welfare programs like the SNAP program and like Medicaid, where you have got ablebodied, workingage adults on those programs, that the populations overlap. So if you are able to get people back into the workforce and help the SNAP program, you are also going to cut costs out of the Medicaid program. You get a double bang for your buck when you get people back in the workforce. We need to train people. We need to assist people to get back to work. That is what these programs were originally put in place for. We have got to get back to that. It has been said many times before, but I think it is worth reminding, that the best social program is still a job. Again, only 2.9 percent of fulltime workers live in poverty in this country. If we implement work requirements for programs like SNAP, for people who are receiving Medicaid benefits, it will be on those who are ablebodied, workingage adults. We are not going to put this requirement on disabled people. We are not going to put this requirement on elderly people in nursing homes who are dependent on Medicaid. We are not going to put it on children or blind people. This is for ablebodied, workingage adults. We could save billions of dollars in the Medicaid program by doing this. We can start to address these fiscal issues with one solution of requiring work for people who are receiving benefits that were put in place to help them get back to work. It worked in Kansas. It has worked in Maine. It has worked in other States. It can work all across our country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT), a very capable and wellmeaning and wellserving individual. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) for yielding to me and for setting up this special session. It is the most important economic issue of our times. I have taught economics for 20 years or so, and I went to seminary before that. I ran on bringing economics and ethics to Congress, and that was usually kind of a joke in the stump speech, but most people catch it. It matters, linking economics and ethics together. There is no better issue from which to view this challenge as the issue before us today dealing with the monumental increase in mandatory spending. Congress has been monumentally irresponsible. Promises were made that can’t be kept. Politicians sold out the future in favor of immediate gratification, and that future is now. We see headlines every day in the newspapers about promising more and making promises and not keeping them, but today the evidence is overwhelming. The major promise that has been made that has not been kept is balancing our budget. We promise program after program after program that we cannot pay for, and we have not kept our word. As we will show, the folks who will pay for this are the only folks who don’t have a lobbyist in this city, and that is our kids and the next generation. The U.S. Government has $19 trillion right now in total public debt outstanding. Debt per citizen currently stands at $60,000. That is separate from the chart here. We will get to that in a minute. The gap between Federal revenue and Federal spending over the next 75 years is about $118 trillion, according to Harvard economics professor Jeffrey Miron. That number, $118 trillion, is roughly $368,000 per person in America today—$400,000, if you round up, per person in America today. b1530 The deficit is increasing as far as the eye can see. Today is Super Tuesday, and many people from across the Nation are going to the polls. They are, rightly, upset with the fiscal mismanagement in this city over the last couple of decades. What are they upset about? Here are a few numbers. The deficit is increasing as far as the eye can see. It was $439 billion in 2015, and it is up—by a $105 billion increase—to $544 billion in 2016. That is just the deficit. That is the amount we add to the debt each and every year. By 2022, CBO, who are the folks who forecast the economic figures for the country—the deficit, the amount we 
add to the debt in 1 year, will be $1 trillion. By 2026, it will be $1.3 trillion. In total, by 2026—not that far off—10 years away and high school graduates this year will be 28 years old—the debt will reach nearly $30 trillion. That is what we are handing to the next generation. We are having the pizza party and we are going to give the next generation the tab. More important than the debt—or at least a bigger economic number—autopilot spending is exploding. This is complex. Not many folks know about this issue. Many terms are linked: autopilot spending, entitlement spending, mandatory spending. Sometimes these terms can be used interchangeably. Sometimes they can. You have got to get down in the weeds. And we will do that today. But, in general, autopilot spending is, as the gentleman before me just referred, net interest payments, Social Security payments, Federal health programs, Medicare, Medicaid, ObamaCare, Federal civilian military pensions, and welfare programs. In 1966, these made up 33 percent of Federal spending and 5.6 percent of GDP, the economy. In 2027, these programs will make up 78 percent of Federal spending and 18 percent of GDP, as Congressman WESTERMAN ’s graph showed. That is assuming that we will be able to borrow in the future. Another way to look at autopilot spending, on the graph right here, it shows that, in 1966, autopilot spending made up 33.9 percent of Federal revenue. But, by 2027, it will eat up 100 percent of Federal revenue. So you see the PacMan here is getting hungrier by the minute. The autopilot spending is 34 percent in 1966, 68 percent in 2006. Autopilots will consume all Federal revenues in 2027. Again, it is not that far out. Again, you can go to CBO—the Congressional Budget Office—and this is one of the primary graphs you will see in the first few pages at the Congressional Budget Office. So, in restatement, in just 11 years— 2027—1 year beyond the 10year budget window—autopilot programs will consume all Federal revenue incoming. If you are paying attention, what does that mean? That means there will be zero revenue left for law enforcement, medical research, national defense, education, transportation, or even intelligence. The government will have to borrow 100 percent to finance itself, starting in 2027. More and more autopilot spending will be debt that is financed as well. Is this sustainable? Our friends on the other side are always talking about environmental sustainability. That is a great thing. But what about financial sustainability? What about the sustainability of our Nation? What about the sustainability of Western civilization? For an answer to that, you may look at the cradle of Western civilization. You can look to Greece. How is Greece doing when it comes to fiscal responsibilities? What happens to your country when your debt load becomes too heavy? Significant problems emerge and it is very hard to return to a normal, functioning economy. This is absolutely crucial to the sustainability of American civilization. It is critical that we address this problem for our children’s sake. We cannot do this without reforming Federal programs and boosting growth by creating opportunities for people to support themselves. We need to restore civil society. After all, we are not just physically bankrupt. The government also has a moral, ethical, and spiritual deficit. Why is that? How can you see the ethical deficit? Many government policies weaken families, as Congressman WESTERMAN just showed you on a graph. We weaken communities, churches, and other faith organizations, clubs, associations, and even businesses. Small startups are not starting up. This is a tragedy. The only hope for the young kids is to enter business. There is no other way to make money. And we are capping their futures. These critical institutions just don’t provide resources and help our communities. They also foster responsibility, mutual accountability, fellowship, and a sense of purpose in our society. How do you see the ethical deficit in other ways? It is pretty easy to see. The two major mandatory spending programs, Medicare and Social Security, will both be insolvent in 2034. That is about 18 years out. So our 18 yearolds will be 36 years old. The major programs that seniors rely on today will be insolvent in 2024, and by the time our kids retire, nothing is certain. That is a deficit in ethics. It is interesting that President Johnson’s war on poverty hasn’t really eliminated poverty, at least as the government measures it. It is striking that the massive increase in government spending tracks more closely with family breakdown and other concerning trends. Before the war on poverty—and this is fairly well known—began in the 1960s, selfsufficiency was going up, up, up. The percentage of those in poverty was going down, down, down, down, down. After the war on poverty begins and all the Federal programs go, that line flattens out and our progress on self sufficiency comes to an end. We need to expand opportunities for productive work and fix welfare so earning income always makes people better off. We now spend half a trillion dollars on welfare programs. And what do we get? We get a flat line with no measurable progress toward selfsufficiency where people can be proud of their work product and the incomes they bring home and the progress of their kids. Congress is managing too many programs. States need the flexibility so that they can take on these responsibilities. That is the way our Founders intended things to be set up. All of human history was ruled from the top down until about 1800. All of human history was also marked by subsistence living. For all of human history, the average person made $500 per year to live on. We need to break away from this top down approach before it is too late. The free market system has lifted us up from $500 a year closer to $50,000 per person per year. More recently, the Chinese and the Indians have moved their way out of topdown government toward free markets. Chinese incomes in the past 20 years have gone from $1,000 a year to $9,000 a year. If you add up the Chinese population and the Indian population, we have 2.5 billion people on this planet that have seen the most massive increase in human welfare imaginable. That came about because they got rid of topdown, central government planning and they moved toward the free market system. The free market system is not perfect because human beings are not perfect, but there is no debate in the economic textbooks about all of human history versus the move toward human freedom. We all know that human freedom is a great future and something we need to aim for. Even more important in politics these days is to ask yourself this question: Does this city, Washington, D.C., serve the powerful or does Washington, D.C., truly serve the poor? Look at the towers going up. Look at the consulting class. Look at the special interests. Look at the millions and millions of dollars that pour into this city. Does this city serve the powerful or the poor? Tonight, in elections across the Nation, I think you are going to see a resounding answer to some of these questions. Let’s move government back to the people so that we can solve our significant debt problems, our mandatory spending problems, and give our kids hope for their own futures. Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his thoughtful input, his training, and his expertise. This is the kind of expertise that we need to rely on here in this body. Next, as Congressman BRAT talked about the laboratories of democracy being the States, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ), who spent a career working with States all across this country and may possibly have a better understanding of more State policies in more regions of the country than anybody else, certainly, that I know. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from Arkansas for putting together this Special Order and for those excessively kind compliments. The budget should present a vision to the American people and should reflect 
how the American people approach their own finances. As of late, we simply have not governed according to the standards that the average American governs by. While we have reduced deficit spending over the last few years, the fact is that we continue to spend more than we take in, adding billions more to our burgeoning debt. This budget provides us with an opportunity not to repeat the mistakes of the past. Democrats and Republicans can find common ground to get our fiscal house in order. I want to point out three commonsense solutions to the financial crisis that we face. First, we can reform the Medicare payment system. Medicare currently uses more than a dozen different payment systems to set payment rates for medical items and services that the program covers for beneficiaries. The location where someone receives a service determines which payment system applies. Republicans and the President believes this should be corrected. According to the President’s own budget, a siteneutral system would save $10 billion over 10 years. Second, the General Accountability Office has identified $125 billion in improper payments made in 2014. This is where the government sends a check to someone not entitled to it. The GAO attributes about 65 percent of this to just three programs: Health and Human Services’ Medicare feefor service, Medicaid, and the Treasury’s earned income tax credit. Just three programs account for almost $81 billion per year in improper payments. Combined, if we are averaging about $100 billion a year in improper payments over this 10year window that we always talk about with the budget, that is $1 trillion. Some of these payments are being sent to dead people. Certainly, no one should be opposed to correcting this problem. The GAO points out that interagency communication is not at its finest, but also that there are major errors within the Social Security Administration’s death data. Some files show a person’s death preceding their recorded birth date. Others show age of death between 115 and 195. According to the ‘‘Guinness World Records’’ book, in the modern age, the oldest person ever lived to the age of 122. If Social Security’s records are correct, they need to inform the Guinness World Records that someone outlived Ms. Jeanne Louise Calment by 73 years. If we could eliminate these erroneous payments just based on what was paid out in 2014, as I pointed out, that is over $1 trillion in 10 years. I think we can all agree that that would be a great start toward getting our fiscal house in order. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I am not an advocate of more taxes, but we could do a better job of collecting those that are actually due. As of September 30, 2014, the Internal Revenue Service’s total tax debt inventory was $380 billion, which is a 23 percent increase since 2009. This is $380 billion in uncollected taxes. I think it is safe to assume that we would prefer not to have our hard earned dollars taken from us, but I also think it is safe to assume that the average person would be disgusted to hear that, while they are paying taxes, others are failing to pay theirs. One other thing that we could do in the area of tax reform, since I brought that up, is corporate income tax. It is estimated that there are more than $2 trillion in revenues that are being held offshore that could be repatriated to this country if we lowered our corporate income tax rate, which could, again, provide a substantial flow of revenue to help us address our deficits and pay down our budget. b1545 All this is to say that we need to be more efficient in collecting what we owe and spending what we collect. The budget process is where we can begin to get our fiscal house in order. Just in these examples, there are over $1 trillion in savings from eliminating waste, fraud and abuse, and making some sensible reforms. Not only can we balance the budget without increasing spending, we can have a surplus. Let’s work together and use these commonsense solutions to restore our fiscal house. Mr. WESTERMAN. I would again like to thank the gentleman from Alabama for his comments. Mr. Speaker, you have heard from three freshmen Members today. Next I would like to yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ), a more seasoned member of the Budget Committee. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership on this issue. Say what you want to about freshmen in this institution. I was elected with the vice chairman of the Budget Committee back in 2010, the largest freshman class in history, and it changed this place; changed this place. Largest freshmen class of Republicans and Democrats in history. You need new faces and new ideas. And what you all have done in terms of a Budget Committee at work has just been amazing. What I have here to contribute is a chart of CBO’s projections of GDP growth. And we have some of our Democratic colleagues here on the floor. I just want to say, and I hope folks hold me accountable to it, we can’t cut our way into prosperity. We just can’t do it. Cutting our way into prosperity isn’t going to happen. You cut budgets because there is bad spending in budgets. You don’t cut budgets because cutting is an end in and of itself. You cut things that are bad. You plus up things that are good. So much of the challenge that we have balancing this budget—we have done amazing things in terms of reducing wasteful spending in the 5 years that I have been in this body. But the economy keeps declining, the regulation nation that is the new United States of America, draining productivity. When I arrived, the CBO projected we would be growing at about 3 percent a year as a nation. The next year they revised it down to 2.9; the next year, 2.5; the next year, 2.3; this year, 2.1 percent growth; 2.1 percent growth. That looks like a downward trend. But every 0.1 percent of economic growth that is lost translates into about $300 billion of economic activity. If people don’t have jobs, they don’t pay taxes. If people don’t have jobs, they can’t contribute to the system. If people can’t contribute to the system, revenues go down. If revenues go down, budgets don’t balance. We have to grow our way out of this. We have to grow our way out of this, and that is a bipartisan challenge. There is not a man or woman in this room who doesn’t want to see more American jobs in this country, not one. There is not a man or woman in this room who doesn’t want to see our entrepreneurs be the most competitive on the planet, not one. There is not a man or woman in this room who does not believe that America’s best days are still going to be tomorrow. We cannot balance budgets by cutting discretionary spending. In fact, if we zeroed out discretionary spending, zeroed out the courts, zeroed out the parks, zeroed out the military, zeroed out everything, environment, everything people think of as government, and we only paid our Medicare bills, our Medicaid bills, our interest on the national debt, our mandatory spending programs, Social Security programs, that would consume virtually the entire revenue stream of the United States of America. We have to grow our way out of this, and that is a partnership issue that we can do together. What Mr. WESTERMAN is doing with his leadership on the budget provides that foundation. If you don’t know where you are going, you are not going to get there. We have to have folks who are providing that vision of where we are going. That is what our budget is. It is our one opportunity as a Congress to come together and talk about our collective vision, not the Republican vision, not the Democratic vision, our vision, America’s vision. Unless we are looking at unemployment slides, a downward slope is not our vision. Our vision is more growth, more jobs, more economic activity. The kind of disciplined budget that Mr. WESTERMAN is talking about today will make all the difference in the world. I thank him for his leadership. I thank him for the time. It is a real honor to serve. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his comments. 
This is an American problem. It is not a Republican problem or a Democratic problem. It is a bipartisan debt that we all created, and it is going to take bipartisan solutions to fix this debt. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), the vice chair of the Budget Committee. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, let me just say on the Record that I greatly appreciate the leadership of our newer members of the Budget Committee, especially the member from Arkansas. I think the people of Arkansas were right to send him to Congress. Not only does he come ready to identify the spending problems that this country has, but he comes ready with solutions, too. And I think that is, in essence, Mr. Speaker, the definition of leadership. I thank the gentleman. I also thank the gentleman from Georgia who just spoke. He speaks so eloquently on so many subjects, a member of the Rules Committee. I am also very appreciative of his contribution to the Budget Committee. He, of course, as we all are today, and almost every day, unfortunately, was talking about the debt. And let me just put it in a pictorial form. This is the new red menace, Mr. Speaker. Look at that trajectory. It goes nearly vertical. So the question is: How do you turn that big ship, that Titanic, if you will, so, number one, it doesn’t sink this entire country and, number two, it gets on a more meaningful, more productive course so that we can continue to be the world’s best hope in a 21st century world? Now, some, especially those on the other side of the aisle, will immediately turn to the fact that there are two ways to, in fact, solve this problem. One is to control spending. The other is to grow revenue. Let me talk about the latter for just a second. The latter is a false choice because at 10,000 people a day retiring into unreformed social programs, that trajectory will not turn around, it will not plateau. No matter how much property you confiscate from the American people, Mr. Speaker, no matter how much you take in the form of taxes, with 10,000 people a day retiring in unreformed programs, can you get that to go down. So let’s look at that more closely. This is what the Federal Government confiscates from the American people to run itself. In fiscal year 2015, it was $3.25 trillion, revenue we took in to run the operations of just the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, the American people know we don’t have a revenue problem, we have a spending problem. The question should be what can’t you do? What can’t you do, Mr. Speaker, with $3.25 trillion of property confiscated? More revenue is not the answer. Thankfully, the majority here in the House of Representatives doesn’t think it is the answer either. We know we can do better. We know we have to do better for the American people. We know we have to control the spending. That is why I am very proud to be part of a committee, the Budget Committee, and part of a new crew that came, starting in 2011, that for every year we have put in a budget, a narrative, something that we don’t legally have to do as part of the budget process, but we took the extra step to put a narrative in our budget to give the solutions that are needed to correct this debt problem, reforming Medicare, reforming Medicaid, putting us on a track that will reduce that red menace, that will plateau it, and start pointing it downward over the next generation. We took the political risk to have that conversation with the American people, and we have done it every year since 2011. Some people called it the third rail of politics. Touch it and you will be politically electrocuted. Well, we touched it, Mr. Speaker. And we touched the next year, and the next year, and the year after that. And my hope and my pledge is, on this House floor, that we will continue to have that conversation with the American people, backed up with votes that show, really, how to solve this problem. Mr. Speaker, I will refer us to the spending that I am talking about. This chart was used before by the gentleman from Arkansas. I will refer to it again. Here is what is on autopilot. Here is what needs to be reformed. And if you look at one piece of that pie there, Medicaid, a solution for that has been in our budget for the last 5 years. In the remaining time I have, Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about that solution, a State flexibility grant, block grant, if you will. We have had that idea in our budget for the last 5 years. It is the idea that we in the Federal Government, we are going to get out of the business of Medicaid. We are going to get out of the business of deciding who is poor in terms of health care, what the poor need in terms of health care, or how the poor get it, that health care service. We are going to give it to the States, to individuals, to locally elected officials, people who know their communities better, in fact, than any Federal bureaucrat does; people who can determine, given a finite amount of money from us, their money back, in fact, what the poor need, who the poor really are, who the disabled really are, what they should get in terms of healthcare services, and how they should get it. Maybe, like the gentleman from Arkansas alluded to earlier, maybe there ought to be a work requirement for the ablebodied ones of them. Maybe there ought to be other conditions, but let the States decide what that would be, pressured, in a good way, by the fact that there would only be a finite amount of money coming from our budget. That would allow us to know exactly what we are in for, as a Federal Government, exactly what we are giving out, and not a cent more, and would naturally incentivize the States to innovate, to come up with better ways of service, to serve those who really need health care who can’t get it any other way. And those who, in fact, are gaming the system will be naturally forced off. The States are in the best position to provide that when they are properly incentivized with a finite amount of money that doesn’t grow over time. The Republican budget for the last 5 years, the one that has passed this House of Representatives, has done that very thing. We are on the right track. We need to continue these votes. We need to continue to have a budget. We need to continue to have stand alone votes on these reforms to take this issue to the American people, especially in a Presidential election year when, frankly, the candidates, I haven’t seen them talk enough about what is really on people’s minds, and that is how they are going to leave their children and grandchildren with a better life than they have, when we are knowingly saddled with $19 trillion in debt, a very hard thing to do. In fact, I think this is the first generation in American history, Mr. Speaker, that is poised to leave the next generation worse off. I refuse to let that happen on this Budget Committee’s watch, and that is why we are here today, that is why we are providing the leadership. I thank the gentleman very much for his leadership. Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gentleman from Indiana for his remarks. I thank him also for his leadership on the Budget Committee. I thank him for his passion to see a better future for our kids and for our grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, having served in a State legislature before coming to Congress, I served in one where we had to balance our budget. And in our State legislature, our single largest expenditure was, by far, Medicaid. Medicaid exceeded all the money that we spent on public education, higher education, and the Department of Corrections combined. We spent more money on this one Federal State program than we spent on all of education, and that we spent on our prison program. Mr. Speaker, there is an inverse incentive for States to be good stewards of Medicaid money. In my State, we received $2.37 of Federal money for every $1 of State money that we spent. What my colleague from Indiana is talking about is giving States incentives to manage these programs. If the States had incentives to manage the programs in a better way right now, their hands would be tied by CMS. The Federal Government won’t allow the States to create programs and manage their Medicaid population the way that the States could if they had the opportunity to do that. 
b1600 If we give these laboratories of democracy across the country the ability to innovate and the ability to meet the needs of the people that they serve, then they will do that. Government has always been most effective when it is closest to the people. I served on a school board. I know that I had a lot more interaction with my constituents on the school board because I lived in the same community with them than I did as a State legislator or even as I do as a Member of Congress. We have to be able to give States more flexibility. We have to let them innovate and let them learn from one another across the country to use ideas that work one place and adapt them for another place. That is how we bring fiscal stability back to our Federal budget, by allowing States to manage their State budgets better. As we look at these mandatory spending programs, as the gentleman from Indiana mentioned, the large part of this mandatory spending—nearly half of it—is all associated with health care. That is Medicare, which is $634 billion in 2015; Medicaid, $350 billion in 2015; and then other programs that make up about $47 billion. Those, combined, are greater than the one single largest expenditure, which is Social Security, which we obviously need to reform, not to punish people but to make it sustainable, to make it last for those who really need the program, and to make it last for all Americans who have invested in that program. The same thing for Medicare. If we refuse to make changes, if we continue to let the status quo be the current reality, then we will see all of these programs shrink and become insolvent over time, and at the same time we will see our Federal debt continue to bloom, and we will see the amount of interest we pay on the debt continue to grow. Now is the time for us to take action. Now is the time for us to not only produce a budget that balances, but to enact that budget and to follow that budget. Again, I would like to thank all the members of the Budget Committee who spoke on the issues today. We will be speaking on them more as we move forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3716, ENSURING REMOVAL OF TERMINATED PROVIDERS FROM MEDICAID AND CHIP ACT Mr. BURGESS (during the Special Order of Mr. WESTERMAN ), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–440) on the resolution (H. Res. 632) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3716) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to provide to the Secretary of Health and Human Services certain information with respect to provider terminations, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
HUNGER IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ABRAHAM ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight our important Federal nutrition programs, and I rise today to remind my colleagues that we have a hunger problem in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, there is not a single congressional district in this country that is hunger free. Every community—whether urban, suburban, or rural—faces hunger. One in seven Americans experience hunger, including 16 million children. We are the richest, most powerful country in the history of the world. It is shameful that even one child goes to bed hungry. In every community across the country, there are dedicated, passionate local antihunger organizations that do incredible work to provide food assistance and support those struggling with hunger, from food banks to food pantries, to faithbased organizations, to community centers, to hospitals, and on and on and on. Charities do important, wonderful work, but they cannot do it alone. The demand is simply too high. Charities need a strong partner in the Federal Government if we are ever going to end hunger. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, which used to be known as food stamps, is our Nation’s premier antihunger program. It is effective and it is efficient, with an error rate of less than 4 percent, which includes both overpayments and underpayments. By the way, underpayments are when a recipient receives less than they are eligible for, and that happens often. Find me a Pentagon spending program with such a low error rate. The fact of the matter is SNAP is one of the most successful—if not the most successful—Federal programs that we have. The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, or WIC, provides nutritious foods, counseling on healthy eating, and breastfeeding support to more than 8 million lowincome women and children at nutritional risk. WIC gives infants and young children the healthy, nutritious start that they need for critical early development and lifelong learning. It is an incredibly vital program. The National School Lunch and Breakfast Programs and the Summer Food Service Program provide nutritious foods for millions of children and teens in educational and community settings. These important programs ensure that our young people are ready to learn and that they can succeed. The Meals on Wheels program provides homedelivered meals to millions of homebound seniors. Not only does Meals on Wheels improve senior nutrition, it also enables seniors to live independently longer while receiving daily checkin visits from volunteers. These are just a few of the vital Federal antihunger programs that are the backbone of our fight to end hunger once and for all in this country. But, Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons why I am coming to this floor today is I am deeply worried that they are coming under attack by the Republican majority in this House. Unfortunately, it is fashionable right now to demonize Americans living in poverty and to belittle their struggles. We hear that all too often on this House floor. We hear that all too often in this Presidential campaign that is going on. The fact of the matter is it is hard work to be poor in America. It is not easy. Yet millions of families are struggling, trying to raise their kids and living on a paycheck that doesn’t provide enough to put food on the table. Mr. Speaker, a couple of weeks ago, I spent a night at a homeless shelter in Worcester, Massachusetts, called the Interfaith Hospitality Network. It is a family homeless shelter. As you know, there are not enough shelters that accommodate entire families. Usually families get split up. But what I wasn’t prepared for when I spent the night at this shelter was that every one of these families had at least one adult that was working. They were working in a job. They all had unique situations that put them in a very difficult situation. But the fact of the matter is they were working. They were earning just enough that a lot of their benefits were reduced, but they were not earning enough to be able to put a down payment on an apartment and afford rent. These are parents that love their kids every bit as much as I love my kids and my colleagues love their kids. They want to be good parents, but they are struggling. They are looking for a hand up, not a handout. They are looking for a little bit of assistance so they can get back on their feet. The bottom line is that their plight is not unique. I will tell my colleagues that their plight does not fall into a neat stereotype. Too often when people here in this Chamber talk about the homeless or the hungry, they talk about people who are addicted to drugs, or they talk about people who don’t work or who don’t want to work. That is not the reality. That is not the face of poverty in this country. It is much more complicated than that. And yet, to justify deep cuts in programs to actually help people get back on their feet, we hear the false narrative repeated over and over and over again, the demonization of these people who are struggling in poverty. 
The rhetoric that we hear on the floor all too often is hurtful, and it is sometimes hateful. It is seeping into the discourse in this Congress, and it is seeping into some of the decisionmaking that is going on by the current leadership in this Congress. It seems like just now Republican leaders are finally coming around to the idea that they need to talk about poverty. We heard the Speaker say that he wants a national conversation about poverty. But I have got to tell you I am a little worried, because while we need this conversation and while we need to come up with solutions, I have this sinking feeling that something else is going on, that this socalled conversation on poverty is really kind of a masquerade for cutting deeply into programs that will help put food and nutrition on people’s tables and provide people the shelter that they need when they are struggling. I worry that this congressional task force that the Speaker announced, when I look at it, is made up of Members, all of whom have supported blockgranting SNAP. What blockgranting means is that States can do almost whatever the heck they want to do with the SNAP benefit. They don’t necessarily have to use it to provide people food. They can use it for other things; and, therefore, it puts that benefit at risk, especially during difficult economic times. But every one of the people who is on this task force has voted for Republican budgets that support blockgranting. Every one of the people on this so called poverty task force voted to cut SNAP by $40 billion during the last farm bill—$40 billion. Now, they would say: Oh, we are just trying to trim the program and make it more efficient. I would just say to my colleagues that the average SNAP benefit is $1.40 per person per meal per day—$1.40. I bet most of my colleagues who are calling for deep cuts in SNAP have no idea what the benefit is. They have no idea how inadequate the benefit is. In fact, it is so inadequate that most families who are on SNAP end up having to rely on food banks, having to rely on churches, synagogues, and mosques at the end of the month to be able to put food on their table. It is $1.40 per person per meal per day. That is the average benefit. Yet my colleagues, those who are on this socalled poverty task force, almost unanimously, on the other side of the aisle, voted to cut the program by $40 billion. I would ask my colleagues, what are you thinking? What are you thinking? We have an obligation to be there for the most vulnerable in this country. That is what government is supposed to be for. Donald Trump doesn’t need government. He is a zillionaire. He doesn’t have to worry about where his next meal is going to come from. Yet there are millions of people, millions of families in this country who do. They are looking for a little compassion. They are not looking for a handout. They are looking for a hand up so they can get their lives in order and they can progress. Mr. Speaker, we need to do better. I will just say one other thing, and then I am going to yield to my colleague from Virginia. There is another kind of nasty discussion going on by my Republican colleagues. They have a new proposal to drugtest SNAP recipients. The fact of the matter is this proposal has no basis in reality. It is nothing more than a meanspirited attack on poor people to fire up their rightwing base. It is insulting. It is insulting. We have seen drug test laws in Florida and Georgia struck down as unconstitutional and end up wasting taxpayer dollars to identify very few drug users. In fact, those receiving public assistance test positive for illicit drugs at a lower rate than the general population—at a lower rate than the general population. It doesn’t fit into the rightwing narrative of who comprises those who live in poverty in America, but it is the fact. It is the fact. Why aren’t Republicans in this bill calling for drug testing for wealthy CEOs and oil company executives who receive taxpayer subsidies? Why aren’t they calling for Members of Congress to undergo drug tests? After all, our salaries are paid by the taxpayers in this country. Why don’t you call for all Members of Congress to undergo drug tests? Maybe that might explain why we do some of the things we do here in this Congress. But, instead, again, they only pick on one sector of the population—poor people. They are the ones who are being blamed for the economy. They are the ones who are being demonized, and they are the ones who are being belittled. It is beneath this Chamber and this House to engage in that kind of discussion. We need to be making real, meaningful progress to end hunger and poverty in this country. First and foremost, we need to protect and strengthen our important Federal nutrition and antihunger programs. We need bold action that will help people rather than make hunger and poverty worse. That is why I continue to call for a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger to develop a holistic plan to end hunger in America, because I think we can do better. I think we need to get all of our Federal agencies and our State agencies to work better together and to connect the dots so that we can deal with this socalled cliff that so many people struggling to get out of poverty hit when they start to make a little bit of money. b1615 We need to figure out a holistic plan with benchmarks that will actually end hunger. We have a lot of programs, quite frankly, that deal with different aspects of hunger, but I am not sure we have a plan that will actually end it. Here is the deal. Hunger is a political condition. It is solvable. We have everything to solve it except the political will. One of the things we should be doing is developing that political will and not going down the road of demonizing some of the most vulnerable people in this country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts not only for yielding, but also for his years of work fighting hunger. He is one of the strongest advocates we have in Congress in fighting the scourge of hunger. I want to thank him for all of those years of good work. It is my privilege to be the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. In that perspective, we played an integral role in the reduction of food insecurity and lowering the prevalence of debilitating health conditions, including obesity, diabetes, and others. Our committee is tasked with making sure all children have an equal shot at success. One important way is to ensure that by providing healthy, nutritious meals. There is a Federal role in ensuring that every child has access to a quality education, regardless of where they live or their family’s income, and nutrition is a part of making sure they can get that education. More than 60 years ago, when Congress enacted the first Federal child nutrition program—the National School Lunch Program—Congress acknowledged that feeding hungry children was not only a moral imperative, but also an imperative for the health and security of our Nation. The National School Lunch Program was actually a response from the military community who were complaining that so many of our young military age youth were unprepared for military service because they were malnourished. Regrettably today, we are faced with the same crisis that impacts our Nation’s national security. Too many of our children are now obese, too obese to enlist in our Nation’s military. One third of the children in this country are overweight, and childhood obesity has tripled in the last 30 years. While all segments of the population are affected, lowincome families are especially vulnerable to obesity and other chronic diseases because they end up eating unhealthy food. Unfortunately, the poorest among us have the least access to healthy foods, many times without a fullservice grocery store or farmer’s market in their community. We still have a long way to go, but there have been positive signs of progress through the implementation of our child nutrition programs. Thanks to the introduction of stronger standards brought about by the Healthy, HungerFree Kids Act, enacted just a few years ago, students 
across the country are experiencing healthy school environments with more nutritious meal options. One area in dire need of increased access to child nutrition programs and nutritious meals they provide is Flint, Michigan. As everybody knows, the residents of Flint are struggling with the consequences of exposure to high levels of lead as a result of the city’s contaminated municipal water supply. Lead exposure is especially damaging to infants, toddlers, and expectant mothers and can cause behavioral and cognitive problems that last a lifetime. Although there is no cure for lead poisoning, research shows that a healthy diet, including zinc, vitamin C, iron, and calcium, can mitigate some of the harmful effects. Federal supplemental funding for nutrition programs, especially the WIC program, would allow access to healthier diets. Funding for a nutrientrich third meal, an extension of WIC benefits, to 10 years of age for all eligible children would go a long way to help the residents of Flint, Michigan, deal with lead poisoning. Mr. Speaker, our committee is now working on a child nutrition reauthorization bill. With this reauthorization, we have a great opportunity to continue to improve the way that children eat, to expand access to nutritious meals, and to end the crisis of childhood hunger in this country. These efforts do not end with the school year or even the school day. Whether in schools, childcare settings, or summer programs, our goal should be to provide highquality and nutritious food to all of America’s children. We have a choice to make. We can put money into these important programs now and support healthy eating in our schools and other settings or we can cut corners and spend more money down the road on chronic diseases and other social services, putting the well being of our children and our Nation’s security at risk. Make no mistake. Either way, we will spend the money. A few years ago medical expenditures to treat obesity in the United States were estimated to be $147 billion, 16.5 percent of all U.S. medical expenditures. Investing in the front end, by maintaining strong nutrition standards and increasing access to healthy meals, is obviously a better choice for our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members of Congress to continue to invest in our Nation’s future by moving forward, not backward, on issues of food insecurity and child nutrition. I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts again for his longtime advocacy, for his efforts to reduce hunger and to provide better nutrition for our Nation’s children. Mr. MCGOVERN. I thank the gentleman for his comments and for his leadership, and I thank him for pointing out the links between good nutrition and good health. We actually will save money in the long run if we provide our people, our young people in particular, nutritious food. We can prevent diabetes, heart disease, and high blood pressure. If people aren’t moved by the human aspect of feeding the hungry and all they care about is the bottom line, they ought to join with us to make sure that these nutrition programs are adequately funded. In addition, you can’t learn in school if you are hungry. A breakfast and a lunch to a young child who is hungry is every bit as essential to that child’s ability to learn as is a textbook. We need to understand that. We need to stop nickelanddiming these nutrition programs and understand that every dollar we invest, every penny we invest, pays us back in ways that can’t even be quantified, quite frankly. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), a leader on this issue, a woman who is on the Appropriations Committee, who, again, has been a champion for many, many years on this issue of combating hunger in America. Ms. DELAURO. I thank the gentleman, and I thank my colleagues. I am so proud to join with you tonight And to Congressman MCGOVERN , your unrelenting efforts to address the issue of ending hunger and doing it now, you have been singularly an individual who has never missed a beat in trying to address this issue and bring it to the floor and the public. And to my colleague from Virginia, who has taken his platform of the Education and the Workforce Committee and have had a focus on how, in fact, we improve the opportunities for our children and whether it is their health or their education, he is at the forefront. I see we have been joined by Congresswoman GWENMOORE of Wisconsin, someone who can talk about her own deep personal experiences with hunger and with the food stamp program and what it means to be able to work your way out of these efforts. She has done it to a faretheewell. Mr. Speaker, over 50 million people— nearly one in four—live in hunger in the United States. Don’t ever let anybody use the terminology ‘‘food security.’’ It is plain and simple hunger. Kids are hungry in the United States of America. Hunger exists in virtually every community in this country. Social safety net programs are vital tools for reducing the prevalence of poverty and hunger. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, SNAP—food stamps, yes—is one of the most powerful programs that we have for ending childhood hunger in the United States. It helps millions of hardworking American families every year. SNAP works for those who need it most. It has been incredibly successful in alleviating hunger, lifting people out of poverty, and supporting our economy. SNAP continues to do more than any other government assistance program to lift Americans out of poverty. The numbers speak for themselves. In 2014 alone, the program lifted 4.7 million people out of poverty, including 2.1 million children. SNAP also lifted more than 1.3 million children out of deep poverty. What is deep poverty? It is 50 percent of what the poverty line is in this Nation. The program impacts children well beyond their childhood years. Research shows that, among children who grow up in disadvantaged households with access to SNAP, there is an 18 percentage point increase in the likelihood of completing high school. There has also been evidence of significant improvements in overall health and economic selfsufficiency among women. SNAP is an extremely efficient program. More than half of all of the benefits go to households in deepest poverty, and over 70 percent of all benefits go to households with children. Despite what some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would say about fraud, waste, and abuse, the food stamp program has the lowest error rate of any Federal Government program, the lowest error rate. Based on this anecdote that it is rife with fraud, waste, and abuse, they would deny children food. The data speaks loud and clear about the lowest error rate of any Federal program. Of course, it is not just children. SNAP helps millions of seniors, people with disabilities, veterans, lowwage workers, and others. However, Speaker RYAN and other Republican House Members say that we spend trillions of dollars on these programs and, yet, the poverty rate does not change. This is simply not true. I talked about the statistics earlier on in my comments. Without these critical safety net programs, more Americans would go hungry. As we have said, SNAP kept about 4.8 million people out of poverty, including 2.1 million children. The data belies what their conversation is and the stories they want to tell and, quite frankly, fabricate around the food stamp program. The Republican proposals for SNAP include a push to enact block grants, which my colleague, Mr. MCGOVERN , mentioned before, an idea that Jared Bernstein, former chief economist to Vice President BIDEN called ‘‘one of the most destructive ideas in poverty policy.’’ Let me mention some of the statistics that have been compiled by Children’s Health Watch in Boston, Massachusetts. If the SNAP benefits were reduced either through block granting or some other mechanism to reduce food stamp benefits so as to create instability in these households, this is what they say would be likely to occur: 23 percent would be more likely to have households that are food insecure; 70 percent 
more likely children would be food insecure; 36 percent more likely to be in poor health if this happens; 70 percent more likely to be at risk for developmental delays—this is about our kids, about our children—12 percent more likely to be hospitalized; children in kindergarten through third grade would be more likely to have measurably lower reading and math test scores; and reduced SNAP benefits would decrease the likelihood of mothers having a baby with a healthy weight and of a lowbirthweight baby surviving. This is not JIMMCGOVERN or G WEN MOORE or B OBBY SCOTT or R OSA DELAURO making up these statistics. They come from an organization which tracks all of these measures. b1630 My colleagues, it would include drug testing policies for SNAP recipients and prohibitions for certain food purchases. What kind of priorities are these? We can’t continue to wage a war against food stamp recipients. Nobody is asking for any other recipients who get Federal subsidies to be drug tested. Let’s start with the Crop Insurance people. Let’s start with that. Let’s take all of the programs at the U.S. Department of Agriculture where there is a subsidy and a recipient to that subsidy. Let’s get them all drug tested. We are going to continue to stand up against unconscionable attacks on America’s poor working families. I urge my colleagues to stand with us in ensuring that the Federal budget does not harm working families and children by decimating the hunger programs in this Nation. Mr. MCGOVERN. I thank the gentlewoman for her eloquent statement. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). Ms. MOORE. I thank the gentleman so much for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in praising Mr. MCGOVERN for his leadership on this issue. Of the many people who are hungry, none of them have the money to lobby folks—the kids, the disabled people, the seniors, the elderly—but we have a champion in this House, JIMMCGOVERN. With the few seconds remaining, I want to talk a little bit about our economy. We have a capitalist economy, and it is countercyclical. The SNAP program works to provide a safety net so that when we have a Hurricane Katrina or when we have a Hurricane Sandy, the food stamp rolls go up, and when there are jobs, the food stamp rolls go down. It ain’t broke, you all, so let’s not try to fix it. I am very, very disturbed that when the Budget Committee meets next week, it will try to make structural changes to the SNAP program, to throw it into a reconciliation process where only 51 Members of the Senate have to vote for it, out of this body, in order to change the structure of it so that it is not responsive to people during economic distress. I am concerned about the numbers of people who are going to ask for a waiver to limit the number of benefits, in a 36month period, that those who are unemployed can receive. People who are unemployed don’t have any control over our economy. When unemployment is up, the SNAP program, as it is currently structured, is responsive to unemployment, and we ought to stick to that. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
END HUNGER NOW (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their eloquent statements here today. I think that they have reinforced the point that these nutrition programs work. SNAP works. It has one of the lowest error rates of any Federal program—less than a 4 percent error rate. That includes underpayments, which means that beneficiaries don’t get what they are entitled to. It is a program that allows families to put food on the table. We need to be supporting these programs. We need to be coming up with a holistic plan to end hunger. We need to raise the minimum wage so that people who work, like the majority of able bodied people do who are on SNAP, don’t have to live in poverty. We can do so much better. I would just say to my Republican colleagues that, rather than doubling down on the cruelness with some of the proposals that have been brought forth before this House, you ought to work in a bipartisan way to actually lift people out of poverty so as to give people the hope and the ability to lead better lives. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to come together and find a way to end hunger now. 
STOP ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 30 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon to talk about an issue that I started bringing up about 5 or 6 weeks ago and that I intend to talk about every week until we finally force action in this Chamber. For over 20 years, I have had the opportunity to study this institution, an institution I believe very deeply in—in its ability to rise to some of our greatest national challenges and to solve some of the greatest problems we face. It was not until as a firsttime candidate then elected to office that I had the opportunity to experience a few moments that are very unique to actually being in the Member’s chair. We have had a great debate over the decades about campaign finance reform, about the role of money in politics. It is a legitimate debate. It is a legitimate conversation with strongly felt views on both sides of the aisle, with solutions as diverse as the ideologies of our country—from greater transparency to greater limits, to fewer limits. Yet, as we have talked about the campaign finance construct in this country and as we have talked about proposed solutions, we have actually ignored one of the greatest blights on this body, itself. It comes not in the form of our campaign finance laws, but it comes in the form of the amount of time that Members of this body are expected or are, in some cases, directed to spend in raising money. You see, the first way we begin to address campaign finance reform is by addressing a needed congressional reform, a reform that touches not on the current laws of how campaigns are resourced, but on the current rules by which this body governs. As they were directed a few years back by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—by their leadership— the expectation as a new Member of Congress for a day in D.C. is to spend 4 hours a day on the phone, raising money. The numberone activity, as was suggested to new incoming Members, was to fundraise, not to legislate. It is a very uncomfortable truth. As I said last week, it is very uncomfortable for me to talk about this amongst my colleagues, but we represent, each of us, 700,000 people back home who trust us. They trust us to serve, and in serving, we are to give voice to their priorities. Dear folks, the priorities of our constituents is not fundraising. You see, there is a broad diversity of priorities— from border security, to immigration reform, to transportation, to tax reform. I listened to colleagues in the last hour talk about balancing the budget. Others talked about programs that are critical to ending hunger here in the United States, but we will never solve these problems on behalf of the people who sent us here if we spend more time on the phone, raising money, than we do in legislating, in tackling these very problems that we have tried to give voice to. Last week I did share with this body the orientation card that was provided to some incoming Members a few years back. Today I have with me some quotes from retiring Members of Congress, from those on the way out the door or who have already left. The first one, you will notice, is a confession from a colleague on my side of the aisle, upon his retirement, who said that fundraising is the main business of Congress. The other one is from the retired Senate majority leader who said that a Senator has to raise $10,000 a day every day he is in office, every day for 6 years, simply to finance his reelection. 
The last is from a colleague who, shortly after announcing his intention to retire, wrote a piece called ‘‘Confessions of a Congressman,’’ confessing to spending 4,200 hours on the phone, raising money—4,200 hours that could have been spent doing his job. What do all of these quotes have in common? What do all of these individuals have in common? They are either retired or they are retiring. The cynic in me would suggest: Why do you wait until you have left this institution to publicly lament the failings of having served while you were here? In fact, the cynic in me would suggest, in some cases, it is simply to sell a book—to ask the American people for more money, but this time for your own pocket, not for your campaign. What do we do about it? Why don’t we do something as sitting Members of Congress that has never been done before? Let’s address this issue that creates such a quiet anger amongst Members of Congress—this obligation to fundraise—but that resonates as a very loud anger with the American people. You see, no Member on this side of the aisle or the other needs a poll to know that the American people are frustrated with the amount of time Members of Congress spend in raising money instead of in doing their jobs. Together, with six or eight colleagues here in this body—and I am grateful for their support of the legislation I have introduced—we have introduced something I call the STOP Act. It is very simple. It is merely three or four pages. Every Member of this body can read it before he votes on it. The STOP Act, H.R. 4443, prohibits any Member of Congress from directly soliciting a contribution to his own campaign, to a PAC, or to his party. It leaves in place the campaign finance construct that has been approved by the Supreme Court. Whether you agree with it or not, it doesn’t touch the current campaign finance system. If an individual wishes to participate in an election, I believe that is political speech, and he is still able to participate by making phone calls, by waving signs, or by contributing. Campaign committees can still exist. It is simply the job of staff to ensure that campaigns have the resources necessary to run the campaign. This law would only apply to sitting Members of Congress. It would not apply to challengers. It would not apply to firsttime candidates. It would only apply to sitting Members of Congress. It would be a direct prohibition on any Member of Congress who is directly soliciting a contribution. Why? Because the message is very simple to Congress. You see, the STOP Act says: Get back to work. Do your job. It is why we were elected, to actually try to solve problems. In State legislatures, including in the State legislature in the State of Florida, members are prohibited from directly soliciting contributions while they are in session. In Florida, where we elect judges, we have a prohibition on the direct solicitation of contributions, and 29 or 30 States across the country have that same prohibition. The message is very simple: you are elected to do a job. Spend your hours working, not asking people for money. I have heard a lot of responses since I introduced this bill. The contrast between comments from the American people is stark compared to comments from many elected officials, many in this town. See, the American people get it and they say ‘‘thank you.’’ Of course, Congress should be spending time doing its job, not spending time across the street, raising money. The American people get it. Folks in this town say, ‘‘You are crazy.’’ Some say, ‘‘I like fundraising.’’ One of the better comments—more intriguing— was that old habits are hard to break. Let’s break those habits. Let’s have a Congress that gets to work because, you see, this is not the best we can do. Do you want to know why we have not solved border security, gotten operational control of the border, why we have not solved immigration reform, why we have not reached consensus, finally, once and for all, on how to balance the budget and put us on a pathway to prosperity, why we have not had a healthy debate on issues like an authorization to use military force? Where are we in terms of agreement or disagreement with the President’s foreign policy? Why have we not been able to consider a national right to carry reciprocity, protecting the Second Amendment rights of any individual who travels between States? Why have we not solved the VA healthcare problem in giving every veteran the complete choice of where he receives his health care? Why have we not moved legislation on behalf of law enforcement officers to enhance penalties for those who do harm to law enforcement officers? It is because we have a parttime Congress and a fulltime world. There is no way to suggest to voters that it is somehow okay to have a political culture that prioritizes fundraising over legislating. Tone is very important here. While this is a hard issue to talk about, this is not intended to judge or to criticize my colleagues. b1645 In fact, colleagues in this body are operating lawfully under the system that has been set before us. But I am simply trying to change the system because the American people will never understand, as they work 40, 50, 60 hours a week, why, according to some estimations, we have a legislature that spends 15 hours a week legislating and 25 hours a week raising money. It does not make a bit of sense. Now, I mentioned some of the comments that I have heard from others after I introduced this. There are two things you will hear from people who don’t want to talk about this—actually, there are three. The first response is silence and the hope that you don’t make eye contact so you can avoid the question because there is no way to oppose the STOP Act. The second is this issue of, well, it is First Amendment. I should be able to ask somebody for money. The United States Supreme Court recently considered that question in a case that dealt with a prohibition on judges directly soliciting contributions, and the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that it was a reasonable restriction on elected officials to protect the integrity of the bench. Now, there was discussion about whether or not that could apply also to legislators, and there were questions about that. I would point you back to the fact that legislatures at the State level currently prohibit direct solicitation while they are in session. So my STOP Act, I believe, meets constitutional muster based on Supreme Court rulings. But should there be any question, then we can simply make it apply to days that we are in session, hours that we are in session. Frankly, we could solve it most easily by simply passing a House rule, because, you see, a rule that this body imposes upon itself survives any constitutional scrutiny. So I start by asking my colleagues to cosponsor the STOP Act, H.R. 4443. If we fail to move the STOP Act, let’s have an honest conversation within this body about the current blight that fundraising imposes on our ability to do work, because this is not the best we can do. Where are our solutions to the issues I mentioned of border security, of national security, of balanced budget, of tax reforms, of VA health care, of protecting law enforcement? Where are our solutions? They are not found at fundraisers. They are not found on the other end of a cold call that you make to ask for a contribution. The answers are found among the community of stakeholders that sent us here, those on the front lines every day of these issues, communities like mine in Pinellas County who gave me the public trust. Every day my first responsibility and the responsibility of every Member of this Congress is to honor that public trust. You see, the answers are not in fundraisers or on the other end of a fundraising phone call. The answers are in our community and in the voices of our community as represented by elected officials here in this well. But we are not here. It is 4:45, and we are done for the day but for fundraising and but for making phone calls. Let’s get off the phone with donors. Let’s leave that to campaign organizations, and let’s get on the phone with the constituents who have asked us to give voice to their concerns. Let’s find 
the answers where they lie, not across the street in call suites, not at fundraisers. We can do so much better, and we are fooling ourselves if we don’t realize that. If we take anything from the political landscape this year, it is that the American people are calling the bluff of folks who continue to mislead and misrepresent. It is misleading and it is misrepresenting when we promise that we are working on critical issues of the country when, in fact, we are not even in the office but we are across the street raising money. I would love to take on broader campaign finance reform. We all have strong opinions. Mine start first with protecting the First Amendment rights of anyone to participate in an election. We will never get to the bigger reforms if we ignore this very basic truth that many in this body, as a result of the pressure of campaigns, spend more time asking you for money than asking you for solutions, more time fundraising than legislating. I didn’t run to become a professional fundraiser. I ran to hopefully contribute to solutions that are desperately wanted by the American people, solutions that require consensus across the aisle, but solutions that first and foremost require a commitment to serve, a commitment to tackle the hardest issues among us. I started by saying I believe deeply in this institution, and I do. This is the greatest legislative body the world has ever seen, but let’s honor that history. Just as when we took the oath of office to well and faithfully execute the duties of this office, let’s honor that, because we are not faithfully executing the duties of this office when the Chamber is empty at 4:45 but the call suites across the street are full. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. ADJOURNMENT Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 2, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 632. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3716) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to provide to the Secretary of Health and Human Services certain information with respect to provider terminations, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–440). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. HANNA ): H.R. 4654. A bill to direct the Attorney General to carry out a pilot program to provide grants to eligible entities for diversion programs to divert individuals with lowlevel drug offenses to drug treatment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. B OST, Mr. O LSON , Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. K IND, Mr. BARR, Mr. D IAZBALART , and Mr. MACARTHUR ): H.R. 4655. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a minimum automatic extension of certain Federal tax deadlines in the case of Federally declared disasters; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia): 
H.R. 4656. A bill to place a moratorium on the United States Postal Service’s mail processing facility closure and consolidation and to maintain Postal Service delivery standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself, Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. COLLINS of New York, and Mr. KIND): H.R. 4657. A bill to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 4658. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to decrease the distance away from home required for a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces to be eligible for the abovetheline deduction for travel expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. ROYCE , Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. ENGEL ): H. Con. Res. 121. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress condemning the gross violations of international law amounting to war crimes and crimes against humanity by the Government of Syria, its allies, and other parties to the conflict in Syria, and asking the President to direct his Ambassador at the United Nations to promote the establishment of a war crimes tribunal where these crimes could be addressed; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. RODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. DENT): H. Res. 630. A resolution supporting the designation of March 2016, as National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, and Mr. S MITH of Washington): H. Res. 631. A resolution calling upon the United States Senate to give its advice and consent to the ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. LEWIS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. E STY, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. LEVIN, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. BOST, and Mr. D EUTCH ): H. Res. 633. A resolution recognizing the important work of Meals on Wheels America and senior nutrition programs throughout the Nation in addressing hunger and isolation and improving the health and quality of life for millions of our Nation’s seniors each year; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Ms. BORDALLO introduced A bill (H.R. 4659) for the relief of Myung Mok Bae and Kei Za Ryu Bae; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4654. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Section 8 By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 4655. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. Art. 1, Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States . . .’’ By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 4656. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 7, of Section 8, Article I of the U.S. Constitution: ‘‘To establish Post Offices and post Roads;’’ By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 4657. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . To regulate Commerce within foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. . . .’’ By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 4658. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution which grants Congress the ‘‘power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises . . .’’ By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 4659. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 295: Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 379: Mr. HUDSON and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 381: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 465: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 542: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 563: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD and Mr. HONDA . H.R. 590: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 664: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 676: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 729: Mr. GRAYSON and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 748: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 815: Mr. WOODALL , Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 915: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 939: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 953: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 969: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 997: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1148: Mr. JONES . H.R. 1151: Mr. PAULSEN and Mr. T AKAI. H.R. 1170: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. HONDA . H.R. 1523: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1550: Mr. CRENSHAW . H.R. 1586: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 1660: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 1706: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 1733: Mr. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2053: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2087: Mr. COHEN and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 2096: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2121: Mr. POSEY and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 2144: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2257: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 2404: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 2460: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2641: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2766: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2802: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 2827: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2896: Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr.B OUSTANY , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. B OST, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. LATTA . H.R. 2901: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 2939: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 2972: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2992: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 3048: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. CRAWFORD , and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 3099: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3117: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3180: Mr. DIAZBALART . H.R. 3226: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 3308: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3326: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. H UNTER. H.R. 3365: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3366: Ms. ADAMS and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 3381: Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. TAKAI. H.R. 3406: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3484: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3515: Mr. HILL, Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi, and Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3516: Mr. HUELSKAMP . H.R. 3684: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 3713: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 3742: Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. WHITFIELD , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 3834: Mr. HONDA and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 3841: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 3870: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 3880: Mr. GUTHRIE and Mr. H UIZENGA  of Michigan. H.R. 3988: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4019: Ms. TSONGAS and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4057: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 4073: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. B ENISHEK , and Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 4076: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4087: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 4160: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4184: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4229: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4230: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 4262: Mr. RIBBLE and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 4336: Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4352: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. COLE, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 4385: Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 4415: Mr. RANGEL and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 4430: Mr. DENT, Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4433: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4471: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4483: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 4486: Mr. GUINTA . H.R. 4490: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 4534: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 4540: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 4549: Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. H UELSKAMP . H.R. 4554: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 4562: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4570: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4585: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 4592: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4595: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 4599: Mr. COURTNEY and Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia. H.R. 4612: Mr. BRAT, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4619: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4622: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4633: Mr. LAMBORN and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 4639: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 4652: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. T AKANO . H.J. Res. 74: Mr. MCCAUL. H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. PERRY . H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. BYRNE , Mr. K IND, Mr. LOUDERMILK , and Mr. S HUSTER . H. Con. Res. 89: Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. YODER , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. BOUSTANY . H. Res. 32: Ms. DUCKWORTH and Ms. S INEMA . H. Res. 120: Ms. LEE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H. Res. 207: Mr. STIVERS and Mr. C UELLAR . H. Res. 227: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H. Res. 551: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 561: Mr. WELCH . H. Res. 608: Mr. BECERRA . H. Res. 613: Mr. FORBES and Mrs. L OVE. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMR. BUCSHON  The Manager’s amendment to be offered to H.R. 3716, Ensuring Terminated Providers are Removed from Medicaid and CHIP Act, by Representative LARRY BUCSHON of Indi ana, or a designee, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
46. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Board of County Commissioners of MiamiDade County, Florida, relative to Resolution No. R7016, urging the U.S. Congress and U.S. Department of Agriculture, as well as the Florida Legislature and the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, to provide financial relief to farmers impacted by historic rainfalls in South Florida during December 2015; which was referred to the Committee on Agriculture. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1105 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 2016 No. 33 
The Senate met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable TOM COTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Wise Creator, the architect of destinies, on this Super Tuesday 2016, when a dozen States hold their Presidential nominating contests, we look to You. You are the potter, and we are the clay. So mold and make the destiny of this Nation conceived in liberty. Let Your will be done. Lord, we acknowledge that Your thoughts are different from our thoughts and Your ways are far beyond anything we can imagine. For just as the Heavens are higher than the Earth, so are Your ways higher than our ways and Your thoughts higher than our thoughts. Give us the wisdom to not secondguess the unfolding of Your loving providence, but help us to remember that in everything You are working for the good of those who love You. Today, as You desire, use our lawmakers and all those who love freedom as instruments of Your glory. We pray in Your powerful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 