Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, it has been 32 years since we have experienced a single month with a temperature below the 20th century average. We are now all but certain that 2016 will be the single hottest year on record, replacing 2015 and 2014, which both held that title before it. As we stand here today, representatives from 195 nations, including our own, are meeting in Morocco to discuss how the world will move forward to implement the historic Paris Agreement forged last December. Yet, in that same 1year span, the Presidentelect used his campaign for our country’s highest office to promote policy ideas that would not only pollute the planet, but expose millions of Americans and billions worldwide to loss of life, livelihood, and property. If these dangerous ideas are put into action, they will imperil the unique and fragile ecosystems that make the United States a wonder of the world, and saddle our economy with potentially trillions of dollars in increased health care, disaster recovery, and adaptation costs, all while preventing American businesses and consumers from realizing the economic opportunities of a lowcarbon economy. We have heard from the next Commander in Chief that climate change is a hoax concocted by the Chinese, which is beyond absurdity. Climate change is real, it is happening, and it is manmade. The science is settled with 97 percent of climate scientists in strong, steadfast agreement. Just take a look at the last month here in the United States. In October, more than 5,600 alltime high temperature records were set. Only 350 alltime cold records happened in the same time span. In a stable climate, these numbers would be about even. We do not have a stable climate. Our next President has also claimed that climate change action is costing our country money when, in fact, the opposite is true. Independent analysis has demonstrated that President Obama’s Clean Power Plan could save the United States more than $20 billion a year in decreased costs related to climate impacts, and will put more than $80 a year back into the pockets of everyday Americans in decreased energy costs by 2030; not to mention the economic activity that would be spurred by the creation of thousands of new clean energy jobs. The Federal Government has also found that damage to human health, agricultural losses, decreased bio diversity, and the physical impacts of sea level rise, drought, wildfires, and other climate impacts will cost more than $150 billion a year in the United States alone. We have heard talk about bringing back coal and creating new coal jobs, like it is flipping a switch. The fact is, though, that the economic decline in the coal industry and in the coal communities is driven by market forces, not government policy. While coal is still our dirtiest form of fuel, it is no longer our cheapest. Natural gas has now overtaken coal and, in some cases, even renewables like wind and solar have become costcompetitive. Coal is in decline because, increasingly, consumers no longer want it. And thanks to technological advances in the industry, it takes fewer people to mine more coal. Coal jobs in West Virginia have been declining since the fifties, long before any existing climate policy. At the same time, as extractive industries continue to slash jobs and profits, the solar industry alone has more than doubled its domestic workforce in the last 5 years and now employs more people than coal. Jobs in renewable energy exist. They are increasingly available, they pay well, and they cannot be outsourced. Finally, there has been talk about canceling the historic Paris Agreement and reneging on our international pledges to join the world in acting on climate change. Doing so would abdicate our position as a global leader, and it would allow our international rivals like China to set the terms of the new global economy to benefit them, at the expense of our people and our businesses. The fact is, our climate is changing and will only continue to do so. We 
cannot afford inaction. We cannot afford to undo the progress we have already made. I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up for coastal communities, farmers, vulnerable people all over the world, and future generations to not fall victim to the self serving propaganda from those who seek to profit by polluting the world. To defend the work we have done, we must meet the challenge of the global call to act on climate. Regardless of who sits in the Oval Office, we must continue to fight for commonsense action in Congress that will address the pressing environmental threats of today in order to create a more sustainable future for tomorrow. No partisan rhetoric or repudiations of fact can stand in the way of our important work to fight and win this battle. 
TIME IS RUNNING OUT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, time is running out to do right by our retired coal miners and their widows. When they went down into the mines, they were made a promise: When you retire, you will have good pensions and healthcare benefits. They literally put their lives on the line to put food on their table and power our nation, but now that promise is in jeopardy. At the end of the year, the healthcare benefits for many miners and their widows will dry up, and their pensions could end soon as well. These families are worried about making ends meet, and they are going into the holidays with great uncertainty about what the new year will bring. We have a solution. It is called the Coal Healthcare and Pension Miners Protection Act, legislation which I am proud to cosponsor. It is a bipartisan bill, and a similar bill is actually pending in the Senate. Congress needs to act to fulfill this promise. Our miners have done so much for our country. They mined the coal that made the steel that built the skyscrapers and won world wars. These miners and their families deserve no less than what they worked their entire lives to earn: the peace of mind that comes with a pension. I urge my colleagues to keep the promise and support this important legislation. Time is running out to stand up for our miners and their families. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, in just 64 days, a new President will be sworn in. That is 64 days for the current President, President Obama, to jam through new regulations; new regulations that will hurt our families, kill our jobs, and continue damaging our economies. We saw that just this morning when his administration released the final environmental study for the stream buffer zone rule. This rule continues the administration’s war on coal and will take it even further down the road of killing jobs in West Virginia. Congress and the States have all issued opposition to this rule, but this administration didn’t listen. It is full steam ahead for this radical agenda and overregulation from the Obama administration. That is why I am proud to support what is known as the Midnight Rules Relief Act. We are voting on it this week. This bill is simple. It gives Congress the authority to review and reject rules that this President, President Obama, or any President issues during the final months of their term. American families and businesses have suffered long enough under this administration’s, this President’s regulatory onslaught, and they have spoken loud and clear at the polls that they do not want more business as usual from Washington. This administration cannot be allowed to force its jobkilling regulations on the American people after their policies have been so soundly rejected. I urge my colleagues to join me in standing up against midnight rules and bringing transparency and accountability back to our Federal agencies. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RAMON ‘‘CHUNKY’’ SANCHEZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ramon ‘‘Chunky’’ Sanchez, an exceptional musician and activist for the community of San Diego. Chunky Sanchez passed away on Friday, October 28, 2016, a few days before his 65th birthday. Chunky Sanchez was born in 1951, in Blythe, California, to Mexican immigrant parents. He was a talented musician who was taught traditional Mexican music by his mother and his uncles. Chunky Sanchez quickly learned how to sing, play 10 different instruments, and compose his own music. In 1969, he attended San Diego State University on a scholarship and began performing with La Rondalla Amerindia de Aztlan, a noted musical group composed of students and professors. Later, Chunky Sanchez became a vocalist for the folklore group Los Alacranes, the Scorpions, which he co founded along with his brother, Ricardo. They recorded their first album in 1977. Through his music, he would tell the story of the Chicano movement and of the Mexican American bicultural experience. Chunky Sanchez was so well received that labor leader Cesar Chavez would often invite him to play at his union rallies. Chunky Sanchez was also an incredibly active member of the San Diego community. In his song ‘‘Rising Souls,’’ he sang that he needed and we needed ‘‘to educate, not incarcerate, so that humanity will shine.’’ During his lifetime, he embodied these lyrics as he worked with local youth as a coach, an educator, a youth center director, and a gang intervention counselor. His passion and care for the community garnered numerous awards and honors from organizations across California and throughout the city of San Diego. Chunky Sanchez is best known for his song ‘‘Chicano Park Samba,’’ which narrated the struggle for and the successful creation of Chicano Park in San Diego. A city historic landmark, Chicano Park honors the history of the Chicano Mexican people throughout their monumental works and murals and sculptures and earthworks, and an architectural piece. Ramon ‘‘Chunky’’ Sanchez will be missed by his family, his wife, his five children, many grandchildren, and the San Diego community. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the lyrics of the ‘‘Chicano Park Samba.’’ 
CHICANO PARKSAMBA  (By: Los Alacranes Mojados: Chunky Sanchez, Ricardo Sanchez, Mario Aguilar, Marco Antonio Rodriguez) In the year the year 1970, in the city of San Diego, under the Coronado Bridge, lied a little piece of land, a piece of land that the community of Logan Heights wanted to make into a park . . . A park where all the chavalitos could play in so they wouldn’t have to play in the street and get run over by a car . . . a park where all the viejitos could come and just sit down and watch the sun go down in the tarde . . . a park where all the familias could come and just get together on a Sunday afternoon and celebrate the spirit of life itself. But the city of San Diego said, ‘‘Chale. We’re going to make a highway patrol substation here, man.’’ So on April 22nd, 1970, la raza of Logan Heights and other Chicano communities of San Diego got together, and they organized . . . and they walked on the land, and they took it over with their picks and their shovels and they began to build their park. And today, that little piece of land under the Coronado Bridge is known to everybody . . . as Chicano Park . . . ¡O´rale! It began in 1970, under the Coronado Bridge En mi barrio, in San Diego Where my people began to fight For Chicano Park, for Chicano Park Under the bridge, under the bridge, under the bridge . . . We shall continue to live my brother, We shall continue to fight my friend For Chicano Park, under the bridge . . . ¡Raza!, ¡Que vivan, que vivan, Los barrios unidos! Por Ramon ‘Chunky’ Sanchez. 
THE SENATE MUST REFORM CLOTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the American people have given our 45th President and the 115th Congress a clear mandate to revive our economy, secure our borders, restore our Nation’s sovereignty, reinstate our Bill of Rights, and uphold the rule of law. Moreover, they have given us majorities in both Houses of Congress to do so. There is no excuse for failure. President Obama and Secretary Clinton set a positive tone for this peaceful transition of power, a tone no doubt shared by many Members of Congress and many Americans of good will who did not vote on the prevailing side. This represents the best of American statesmanship. Yet, we have also heard reactionary elements of the Democratic Party make a vicious pledge to thwart this mandate and destroy this President. One need look no further than Senator REID’s disgraceful diatribe on Friday to realize that these threats far exceed the lunatic fringe now violently rioting in our streets. b1015 They reach directly into the Halls of Congress. To fulfill the mandate of the American people, we will need to deliberate wisely and in good faith, with all sides participating in the discussion and all voices heard. But, ultimately, those deliberations must result in laws to fulfill that mandate. The agenda is daunting, and time is fleeting. The greatest single obstacle to this era of reform is the 60vote threshold to invoke cloture in the Senate, and I rise today to urge the Senate to finally reform it. Given the record of abuse of this rule and avowed intentions of many in that body, nothing will change legislatively unless the Senate Republican majority takes action when they organize in January. All the reforms that the American people called for, that the President will request, and that the House will pass will be stopped dead in the Senate. Now, I don’t argue to abandon this rule, but rather to restore it to its original purpose. Cloture is rooted in a sound and ancient parliamentary principle that, as long as onethird of a deliberative body wants to debate an issue, that debate should continue. After all, a minority exists to convince the majority of its way of thinking. This is the essence of deliberation. But this principle assumes it is an actual debate where Members are talking to one another, and it requires that the debate be germane to the question at hand and that it is not dilatory. That is how cloture started. But over the 20th century, it degenerated into a 60vote administrative threshold just to consider legislation. Ironically, a procedure designed to protect debate has now morphed into a procedure that very effectively prevents debate. The two Houses of Congress are designed to disagree with each other, but once the House and the Senate independently exercise their best judgment on a particular matter, there is a conference process developed over centuries to resolve their differences. This process cannot function if one House simply refuses to consider the other House’s work. The modern notion of cloture prevents that process and the system breaks down. During the last several Congresses, the House has sent hundreds of bills—including the appropriations bills that fund this government— to the Senate; but instead of amending their ideas into those bills or sending us bills of their own, they have simply refused to consider them by a minority denying cloture. Now, some Senators have said that this mechanism is necessary to preserve collegiality and encourage compromise, but how can you have collegiality when one side simply refuses to talk to the other? How can you have compromise when the matter to be compromised cannot be taken up and discussed? Others have said that since most legislation grows the powers of government, it is an effective brake on that tendency. It is true this rule effectively blocks bad legislation. It also very effectively blocks good legislation that is necessary to reverse this trend. The current cloture rule provides a ratcheting effect that locks in every expansion of government over the past century. Now, some Republicans have said that it has been most useful when they have been in the minority. I have to ask them, do you want to be a successful majority or a successful minority? You cannot be both as long as cloture exists in its current form. Voters elected Republican majorities in both Houses of Congress, and they expect action. They will get it from the President and from the House. But in order for the Senate to rise to this occasion, it must reform its cloture rule when it organizes in January. 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO PALM SPRINGS POLICE OFFICERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the lives of Palm Springs Officers Jose ‘‘Gil’’ Vega and Lesley Zerebny and to support the incredible law enforcement officers in my district. It is important to tell their story and forever record their heroism in our national RECORD . Officers Vega and Zerebny were, tragically, shot and killed in the line of duty last month while responding to what seemed like a routine domestic disturbance in Palm Springs, California. Officer Vega lived by the mantra of ‘‘To Serve and Protect.’’ He graduated from Indio High School and joined the force in Palm Springs in 1982. He was always witty, quick to tell a joke and to offer guidance to new officers. He was an inspiration to friends, family, and countless people who knew him. The day he died, he was only 2 months away from retiring after 35 years of service. He volunteered to pick up a shift on that day—on his day off. He is survived by his wife, Susana, nine children, and many grandchildren. Officer Lesley Zerebny was new to the force, with a lifetime of service. She showed a passion for law enforcement and service her entire life, no doubt inherited from her father, a California Highway Patrol officer. She was raised in Hemet, California, and attended West Valley High School. As a young girl, she always stood up to bullies to protect others and for justice. She was also known for her pranks and her funloving spirit. Officer Zerebny was a mother of a 4 monthold daughter, Cora. She had just returned from maternity leave when she was killed. She is survived by her husband Zack, a Riverside County Sheriff’s Department officer, and by baby Cora. Officer Vega and Officer Zerebny were two of California’s finest. Their lives of service and spirit of community embody the values of law enforcement officers across our great Nation. Each day, men and women like Lesley and Gil wake up, kiss their families goodbye, and go to work knowing full well the risks they take to keep us safe. Spouses, children, and parents wonder if they will ever return that day. Law enforcement officers see danger and they don’t run from it; they run toward it to protect others. We are safer because of them. They and their families deserve our utmost gratitude for their service. So on behalf of the people of California’s 36th Congressional District, my wife, Monica, and my family, I want to thank Officer Vega and Officer Zerebny and their families for their ultimate sacrifice. Our hearts are with you, and our hearts are with all law enforcement brothers and sisters during their time of mourning. We mourn with you, and we continue to offer our deepest gratitude for your service. Your dedication and the risks you take each and every day will never be forgotten. Officer Vega and Officer Zerebny, end of watch, October 8, 2016. f 
WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I have been on the floor so many times over the last year or so talking about the 16 
years of war in Afghanistan and the waste of money, but, more importantly, the waste of life. The titles that I am going to share with the House today have appeared in October and November in articles, national articles, about the failed policy in Afghanistan. I would like to share those very quickly. ‘‘U.S. Pledges Another $800 Million to Afghanistan Despite Rampant Corruption.’’ ‘‘Four Americans Die in Suicide Blast At U.S. Base in Afghanistan; 17 Others Wounded.’’ These are headlines, Mr. Speaker. ‘‘Latest Afghan Attack Raises Perplexing Questions on Security.’’ Another title: ‘‘The U.S. Spent Billions Building Roads in Afghanistan. Now Many of Them Are Beyond Repair.’’ Another title: ‘‘Inspector General: Pentagon Must Explain Afghan ‘Ghost Soldier’ Problems. Funding for Afghan Military Wasted on NonExistent Soldiers.’’ Mr. Speaker, 200,000 Afghanistan ghosts that the taxpayers of America have been paying for their services, and they don’t even exist. When I read that, I wrote a letter to the Defense Secretary, Ash Carter, and I said to Secretary Carter: Please explain how much money did we pay to the ghosts that don’t even exist? How long have we been paying the ghosts that don’t exist? We are talking about 200,000 Afghan soldiers that don’t even exist. Mr. Speaker, I do not understand why the House of Representatives does not have a debate on our policy regarding Afghanistan. How much longer can a nation that is $19.8 trillion in debt— that is America, $19.8 trillion in debt— and how many more billions of dollars can we keep putting into the black hole of Afghanistan and keep losing our young men and women in a country that is never going to change? It goes back to Alexander the Great. It goes back to the British. It goes back to the Russians. Anyone who has ever gone into that country known as Afghanistan has eventually left, and they knew there was nothing they could change. Not America, though. We have been there 16 years. We don’t even debate it on the floor of the House. We will be passing a DOD funding bill pretty soon, and there will be billions of dollars going to Afghanistan and there will be very little debate on it. There are those on the Democratic side and the Republican side, Mr. Speaker, who do care about our troops, who do care about the wasted money, and who do care about a policy that has no end to it. It is not fair to our men and women in uniform. They deserve better from this Congress. It is our constitutional duty that we debate policy that sends our young men and women to die. Yet we do not debate it. It just goes on and on. This poster that I brought with me today, Mr. Speaker, before I close, I have signed over 11,000 letters to families and extended families who have lost loved ones in Afghanistan and Iraq. Recently, we have had seven Americans killed in Afghanistan. I do not understand why we are so void of a debate. James Madison would have been very disappointed, Mr. Speaker. It was Madison who said that it is the legislative branch that will debate and vote on war, not the executive branch. But we have abdicated our responsibility to the President and let the President decide what the foreign policy should be and how we should use our men and women in uniform. That is a sad day for America. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the House for this time. I close by asking God to please bless our men and women in uniform, to please bless the families of our men and women in uniform and hold in His loving arms those young Americans who have given their life for this country. God bless America. 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF JAMES BARLOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a dedicated teacher, mentor, and public servant, Mr. James Barlow. Many of us in public service can name a person who inspired us or clearly remember an experience that ignited our interest in the important issues that are shaped through politics and government. For thousands of Oregonians, that spark was Mr. Barlow. Born in Portland, Oregon, in 1929, Mr. Barlow earned his bachelor’s and master’s degrees from Oregon State University. He taught social studies in the Beaverton School District in Oregon’s First Congressional District from 1962 until 2005. He always made his classrooms laboratories of curiosity. Some of his best lessons didn’t take place in a classroom at all. They took place on the floor of the Model Presidential Nominating Conventions started by Mr. Barlow in the mid1960s. Every 4 years for four decades, thousands of high school students from all over the State would gather, usually in Portland, from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. They would step into the role of State delegations, vote on platform issues, cast ballots for the nomination, and broker and negotiate with other delegations. They got ready for this by studying their assigned State’s demography, history, politics, and economy. Mr. Barlow and his colleagues prepared the students for months, leading class discussions on candidates in the primaries, the American political landscape, and the intricacies of delegate math. Student participants had to be sharp and organized. I know this firsthand because my son participated in the 2004 Model Convention and took preparatory evening classes with Mr. Barlow at Portland State University. These Model Conventions were no simple class simulations. Major Presidential candidates came by and spoke to the crowd of student delegates. Robert Kennedy, Nelson Rockefeller, George McGovern, Hubert Humphrey, Jesse Jackson, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Michael Dukakis, and Bill Clinton all stopped by at a Model Convention as they campaigned ahead of Oregon’s Presidential primaries. b1030 The model conventions exemplified Mr. Barlow’s leadership, enthusiasm, and imagination, but former students know that he also connected with and motivated his students in smaller, quieter ways as well. His psychology, philosophy, and current affairs courses were legendary at Aloha High School, where he spent most of his career. He inspired students to think beyond tests and essays, he challenged them to think critically, and he encouraged them to consider new perspectives on information they consumed. As a teacher, he saw the potential in every student. With his dry wit, his deep knowledge, and genuine enthusiasm for his subject matter, Mr. Barlow created a learning atmosphere where everyone felt, and everyone was, welcome and valuable. There was something that helped with the welcoming—doughnuts. Long before doughnuts became a craze in Portland, Mr. Barlow was bringing them to his classes and to his colleagues in the social studies office. He would announce: Coffee and doughnuts will be served in the starlight room. Now, there was no starlight room, but the phrase evoked a gracious and relaxed lounge space. The school year in the Portland metro area is typically rainy, and fall and winter school days often start before dawn, but his words and his treats were always a welcome pickmeup. The day after Mr. Barlow’s death, scores of his former students and colleagues observed ‘‘coffee and doughnut day,’’ going out for a sugary bite and a cup of coffee and posting pictures on social media. It was touching to all who knew him. The life and work of Mr. James Barlow matter also to those who never knew him. That is because he taught thousands of Oregonians to be active, engaged, and sharpthinking participants in our democracy. Whether they went on to work in public service or not, and no matter what their party affiliation, the students of Mr. Barlow became better citizens because of his contributions. Mr. Speaker, I hope we can all be inspired by Jim Barlow’s example as we serve in this remarkable House of Representatives. I offer my sincere condolences to his family, especially to his wife of 47 years, Susan, his former colleagues, and to the generations of students who mourn his loss. 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENTS OF REPRESENTATIVES JOE PITTS AND MIKE FITZPATRICK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two friends, two Members of the Pennsylvania delegation, here in the House, Representative JOEPITTS and Representative MIKEFITZPATRICK , on their upcoming retirements and for their service to this Nation and to their constituents. It has been an honor to serve with both of these gentlemen over the past 8 years. Representative PITTS’ retirement caps a long career of service to his Nation. His career started as an educator, teaching math, science, English, physical education, along with coaching basketball. He also served 5
1⁄2years in the United States Air Force with three tours in Vietnam. After being commissioned as a second lieutenant, he was promoted to the rank of captain by the time he left the service. After settling in Pennsylvania, Representative PITTS continued to teach until he felt the call of public service, launching a 24year career as a Pennsylvania State representative, and serving as chairman of the Committee on Labor Relations and later of the Appropriations Committee. JOEwas sworn in as a United States Representative in January of 1997, the beginning of a 20year career here in Washington, D.C., and in serving the residents of Pennsylvania’s 16th Congressional District. His ten terms here in the House of Representatives have included time spent chairing multiple subcommittees, including the Health Subcommittee for his last two terms here in Congress. I have greatly enjoyed time spent with JOEduring our weekly Bible studies, and I wish him and his wife, Ginny, the best of luck in retirement. I also want to recognize the retirement of my friend and colleague, Representative MIKEFITZPATRICK of Pennsylvania’s Eighth Congressional District. Like Representative PITTS, MIKEhas dedicated much of his life to public service and was first elected in 1995 as a Bucks County commissioner, a position he served in for 10 years. During that time, he showed a commitment to bringing jobs to Bucks County, Pennsylvania, creating the county’s first enterprise zone, which eventually created thousands of local jobs. MIKEarrived in Washington, D.C., as the representative of the Commonwealth’s Eighth Congressional District in January of 2005 and later worked to bring the national veterans’ cemetery to Bucks County. More recently, he has served as the chairman of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. Personally, I have bonded with MIKE over our shared ties to the Boy Scouts of America. We are both longtime Boy Scouts and fellow Eagle Scouts. MIKE’s service to scouting includes time spent as president of the Bucks County Council of the Boy Scouts of America. I wish Representative MIKE FITZPATRICK a great retirement, along with his wife, Kathy, and their children. Congratulations, JOEand M IKE. It has been an honor serving with you. 
MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Midnight Rules Relief Act, which would halt President Obama’s ability to rush through politically motivated regulations during the remainder of his term. It is clear that this administration will do everything possible to stop Presidentelect Donald Trump by jamming through as many backdoor regulations as possible before the clock runs out. Last week, the American people spoke. They made it clear that they want to get our economy moving again. Presidentelect Trump must have the opportunity to enact policies without regulatory hindrance from the previous administration. Mr. Speaker, since taking office, the President has ignored Article I of the Constitution and the will of the American people. For the past 8 years, the President has used his pen and phone to create a fourth branch of government, imposing executive orders and Federal rules and regulations to benefit his own radical political agenda. In 2015 alone, the Federal Government implemented 3,400 regulations on Americans that cost us $1.89 trillion in lost productivity and growth—a cost that averages nearly $15,000 per American household. These regulations from unelected, unaccountable government bureaucrats are unfair and unjust. Mr. Speaker, my constituents in Missouri are desperate for greater security and economic opportunity. This comes with elevating, not undermining, the spirit of selfgovernance for which our Nation was founded. As a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives—the people’s House— we must pass the Midnight Rules Relief Act to ensure that we are protecting the American people from reckless regulations that will continue to cripple our economy and target the pocketbooks of all Americans. Transparency is critical when we pass important legislation that will directly affect our constituents. If the President has the ability to impose major regulations without the necessary time for congressional scrutiny and oversight, we are not doing our jobs to represent and protect our constituents. Mr. Speaker, I have spent my time in Congress fighting for our families, fighting to repeal regulations that are hindering business growth, and fighting to provide a voice for the voiceless. It is our duty to pass this legislation and continue to fight against the President’s irresponsible agenda and give our new President, Donald Trump, the support that he has earned. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Thank You, O God, for giving us another day. Bless the Members of the people’s House with focus and purpose as they gather these days before Thanksgiving. May their efforts give true cause for Americans to gather to give thanks. In our world there are many places where peace is lacking and cause for thanksgiving rare. Send Your spirit of peace upon our world. Help us all see in those we view as enemies our brothers and sisters. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CICILLINE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PASS MENTAL HEALTH REFORM BEFORE THIS SESSION ENDS (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, at noon today, back in my district in Pennsylvania, there is a funeral service for Scott Bashioum, a brave policeman who died last week. His partner, James Saieva, was critically injured. Ultimately, the shooter died of suicide. Had we had a functional mental health system, lives could have been saved. Families could have been spared the mourning. The shooter’s background is all too familiar: prior criminal convictions, mental health issues, and not taking medications. How many more lives will be lost before we act? This broken Federal and State approach to treating mental illness will not fix itself. It must be overhauled with the leadership of a new office of Assistant Secretary of Mental Health and Substance Use; changes to HIPAA laws that currently block families from helping, and fixing the crisis shortage of providers and hospitals. Waiting will not work. Token or superficial changes won’t work. Continuing to fund the current mess won’t work. If anyone thinks it does, then I suggest you get on the phone and explain this to the officer’s widow and children that everything is just fine. Or the Senate can act and pass the changes we passed in H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, which the House passed with near unanimous vote in July. Lives are at stake. Time is running short; and for Officer Bashioum’s family, time has run out. 
HONORING THE LEGACY OF STANFORD LIPSEY, BUFFALO NEWS PUBLISHER (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the legacy of longtime Buffalo News publisher, Stanford Lipsey. Mr. Lipsey, a Pulitzer Prizewinning journalist, will be most remembered for his significant contributions to the field of journalism. As the Buffalo News publisher, he saved it from closure, revamped its content and quality, and appointed the first woman editor in Buffalo News history. Mr. Lipsey has also been a tireless advocate for projects that have contributed to Buffalo’s revitalization— from leading efforts to preserve our architectural treasures to securing funding for our prestigious cancer center. He donated over 2 million books to low income children and invested in projects like ReTree Western New York that helped to reforest our neighborhood parks after a surprise October snowstorm. Mr. Lipsey’s vision for Buffalo was one of hope. He recognized the city’s potential, and he helped people of the city to realize their own potential. Although he was a native of Omaha, Nebraska, he loved his adopted city of Buffalo, New York. As we continue to work towards a better Buffalo, I hope to honor his dedication to our city. f 
MINNESOTA’S LENDERS HELPING TOMORROW’S BIG BUSINESS (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and thank the many banks and credit unions in Minnesota’s Sixth District who were named a top Minnesota Lender by the U.S. Small Business Administration. These lenders include BankVista, Woodlands National Bank, Minnesota Business Finance Corporation, KleinBank, and the Central Minnesota Credit Union. Promoting small business is vastly important to our State’s success. Our great State of Minnesota would not be where it is today without the contributions of these banks and credit unions. Today’s small business is tomorrow’s big business. Great Minnesota companies like Medtronic and Best Buy exist and have become the powerhouse companies they are today because of the vital support of local lenders. Our community banks and credit unions ensure that business owners and entrepreneurs have the funds necessary to build a business from an idea, creating new jobs and opportunities for Minnesotans from all walks of life. We must never underestimate the importance of our community banks and credit unions, and I am proud to stand here today to recognize their work. Again, congratulations, and thank you for being an important part of our community and our State. 
REJECT STEVE BANNON’S WHITE HOUSE APPOINTMENT (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, earlier today, I led 168 of my colleagues in sending a letter to Presidentelect Donald Trump, asking that he rescind his decision to appoint altright leader Steve Bannon to serve as White House Chief Strategist. This appointment undermines the Presidentelect’s pledge to bring our country together. As executive chairman of Breitbart News, Mr. Bannon repeatedly and aggressively pushed stories that promote antiSemitism, xenophobia, and racism. During an interview last summer, Mr. Bannon bragged that Breitbart was ‘‘the platform for the altright,’’ a movement that upholds White nationalism while strongly rejecting diversity in any form. Under his leadership, Breitbart has referred to a leading Republican columnist as a renegade Jew. He suggested that young Muslims in the West are a ticking time bomb. He declared that the Confederate flag proclaims a glorious heritage, and he praised the altright as a smarter version of old school racist skinheads. I hope that the Presidentelect and Republican Members of Congress will join us in good faith in rejecting Mr. Bannon’s appointment and the ugly, divisive message it sends to so many across our country. f 
THE LATEST COLOMBIA FARC AGREEMENT (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, despite some modest revisions in Colombia’s new deal with the FARC, a U.S.designated terrorist organization, this is still a sweetheart deal for these narcoguerrillas. Under this deal, FARC members will still be allowed to run for public office; and I worry that while in office, FARC officials will undermine the progress made in Colombia. We have already seen a significant increase in drug trafficking from Colombia since negotiations with the FARC began, and there should be no doubt that the FARC, one of the largest narcoterrorist groups in the world, is responsible for this increase. What kind of increase in drug trafficking should we expect if these narcoterrorists are given even more power and more influence in Colombia’s government? Mr. Speaker, the Colombian people rejected the prior FARC agreement, and I believe that their concerns must be addressed before any revised agreement is finalized. President Santos will be here in Washington to meet with Members of Congress tomorrow, and I hope he addresses our concerns. 
REJECT STEVE BANNON’S WHITE HOUSE APPOINTMENT (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague, Congressman CICILLINE , and 158 others in urging Presidentelect Trump to dismiss the notion of Steve Bannon as being stationed outside the Oval Office. I have been deeply disturbed by the increase in hate speech and intimidation directed at people based on color, religion, gender, and sexual orientation, as well as outbreaks of violence. Oregon’s largest school district just sent a message home with the children dealing with families because of the problems there and the need to unite to prevent further activity. One thing we can all agree on is that the protection of all our citizens, especially our children, is not a partisan issue. Violence and destruction of public property accomplishes nothing. I 
hope we can agree to send a loud, direct, forceful, and clear message rejecting intimidation, harassment, and hate speech; and we can start by rejecting Steve Bannon. 
RECOGNIZING PASTOR BILL RICKETTS OF THE PRINCE AVENUE BAPTIST CHURCH (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Pastor Bill Ricketts, who has faithfully served the Lord for 43 years at Prince Avenue Baptist Church, a treasure in the 10th District of Georgia. He has been in ministry since 19 years of age and has lived in accordance with the Word of God and in the service of others. Under his leadership, the church has literally flourished and become a cornerstone of the Christian faith in the Athens, Georgia, community and far beyond just Athens. Today, literally hundreds of pastors and missionaries have emerged from his 43 years as pastor at Prince Avenue. It truly is an inspiring story, and he is leaving a legacy that deserves the highest recognition. Mr. Speaker, today I congratulate Pastor Bill Ricketts on his retirement as senior pastor at Prince Avenue Baptist Church. I am extremely grateful to have such a devoted man of God in our community and I am sincerely grateful for his friendship and his service. I give my best to Pastor Bill; his wife, Darla; and his family as they begin this new chapter. May the spirit of God continue to bless the Ricketts family and the congregation at Prince Avenue Baptist Church. 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK (Ms. ESTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of National Apprenticeship Week. In conversations with employers in my district at companies like Ward Leonard in Thomaston and Forum Plastics in Waterbury, I hear about how our businesses struggle to find employees with the right skills. Apprenticeship programs give workers the handson training they need to close that skills gap. In Connecticut, our community colleges are helping workers get the skills they need to land highpaying, indemand jobs. But there is more we must do to help both workers and smallbusiness owners. That is why I introduced the TECH Careers Act. This bill will open the door for more Americans to have successful careers in 21stcentury fields and help small businesses access a qualified pool of talented and skilled workers. If we close the skills gap and raise folks up into the middle class, everyone benefits. f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN NIELSEN OF ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mayor John Nielsen for his service as the chairman of the Orange County Sanitation District Board of Directors. Under John’s leadership, the county expanded its groundwater replenishment system, and OCSD made structural changes that allow it to focus on regional wastewater collection, treatment, and recycling. John was also instrumental in advocating for legislation at the State level to allow water agencies to bottle their potable reused water. California’s 5 year drought has highlighted our need to diversify our water portfolio to ensure water security, and John’s attention to this issue demonstrates his commitment to the residents of Orange County. I thank John for his hard work and leadership, and I congratulate him on his success. I wish him all the best as he continues to serve our community. 
REJECT STEVE BANNON’S WHITE HOUSE APPOINTMENT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I hold this dear little book with affection and great respect. I am so proud to be an American who has a country that is based upon this Constitution and, of course, the Bill of Rights. That is why I rise today to raise the question of the ugliness of racism in the aftermath of the Presidential elections as offered by the individuals who prevail. It is true that we now have in the White House an individual that is not befitting of the diversity of this Nation or my city of Houston where there are 98plus counsel general officers and 98 languages spoken in our schools. Just 2 days after Donald Trump’s election, reports are coming in from across the Nation suggesting a sharp rise in antiMuslim and antiimmigrant attacks. Remember, we are a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. We know that in the Breitbart world that Mr. Bannon has had headlines: Birth control makes women unattractive; hoist it high and proud, the Confederate flag proclaims a glorious heritage; after Pulse Club massacre, it is time for gays to come home to the Republican Party; birth control makes people crazy. Let me simply say it is time for Mr. Trump to do a major speech to reject this kind of hatred and this kind of rejection of the American people. Why is there such silence? And why is Mr. Bannon still in the White House? f 
b1215 RECOGNIZING TRAVIS WOOD OF THE WORLD CHAMPION CHICAGO CUBS (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, who says pitchers can’t hit? I rise today to recognize Travis Wood of the World Champion Chicago Cubs, who became the first relief pitcher since 1924 to hit a home run. Born and raised in Little Rock, Travis attended Bryant High School, where he starred in baseball and football. He led Bryant to a State championship during his junior season and was Arkansas Gatorade Player of the Year in 2004 and 2005. Choosing to go straight to professional baseball out of high school, Travis was drafted 60th overall in the 2005 MLB draft by the Cincinnati Reds. Beginning his career with the Cubs in 2012, Travis soon became a key part of their bullpen and was named to his first AllStar selection in 2013. During the Cubs’ championship 2016 season, Travis posted a 4–0 record with a 2.95 ERA in 77 appearances. Congratulations on a great season, and I look forward to following your continued success. Let’s not wait another 100 years. 
ARKANSAS CENTURY FARMING FAMILIES (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in 2012, the Arkansas Department of Agriculture began the Arkansas Century Farm Program. This program honors those Arkansas farm families who have owned and farmed the same land for at least 100 years. Since 2012, 297 Arkansas farms and families have been inducted in the Arkansas Century Farm Program, and on Tuesday, November 1, 2016, an additional 44 families were recognized by the program, including 14 families representing 10 counties in Arkansas’s Fourth Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, there is something special to be said for those families that continue to dedicate their time and treasure to the land that has provided for their families over many generations. They wisely manage our natural resources, tend to livestock entrusted to their care, drive our economy forward, and pass down a special way of life to future generations. Our farm families know and understand that, if they take care of the land, it will, in turn, take care of them. 
I know that the families that have been recognized by the Arkansas Century Farm Program understand this concept the best. I congratulate these families on their induction into this prestigious program and wish them another productive century. 
RECOGNIZING SKILLS OF CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA AS PAPRS PROGRAM OF THE YEAR (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the staff from Skills of Central Pennsylvania following the recognition of their psychiatric rehabilitation program being named Program of the Year by the Pennsylvania Association of Psychiatric Rehabilitation Services. The program at Skills of Central Pennsylvania, which is located in Centre County, provides recoveryoriented treatment through psychological education, skills teaching, and other methods. Those who are eligible for the program either suffer from serious mental illness or moderatetosevere functional impairment as a result of an illness. The program was nominated and eventually won this recognition from the Pennsylvania Association of Psychiatric Rehabilitation Services following the efforts of their registered nurses and staff in their integrated care program to handle a physical health crisis that could have resulted in the death of a participant if not for their swift intervention. Mr. Speaker, as a former healthcare professional, I commend the staff of Skills of Central Pennsylvania for their important work for their community and the surrounding region, helping people emerge from what is often the darkest time of their lives. 
HONORING DEPUTY DENNIS RANDALL WALLACE (Mr. DENHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and memory of Deputy Dennis Randall Wallace, who was shot and killed in the line of duty on November 13, 2016, in Hughson, California. On behalf of our community and this Congress, I would like to offer my deepest condolences to Deputy Wallace’s family, friends, and fellow law enforcement officers. Deputy Wallace’s end of watch came when he was fatally wounded this past Sunday while investigating a suspicious vehicle. As a D.A.R.E. officer, he took great pride in his work with our community’s youth, helping them stay away from drugs and gangs. Dennis was not only a law enforcement officer, but also a coach and a mentor and a friend to many of these young individuals. Dennis has received countless awards and commendations for his outstanding service to our community. The outpouring of support from Stanislaus County and our State reflects the love for our fallen hero. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the life of Deputy Dennis Wallace, who defended and protected our community until his last breath. He made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. My deepest sympathy goes out to the Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Department, the Wallace family, and his many loved ones. God bless him always. He will be dearly missed. f 
HONORING OFFICER BLAKE SNYDER (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Officer Blake Snyder, a 33yearold police officer who was tragically killed in the line of duty in St. Louis County, Missouri, on October 6 of this year. Officer Snyder, a longtime resident of Madison County, Illinois, had served as a member of the St. Louis County Police Department for 4 years. His career in law enforcement was inspired by his brotherinlaw and late father inlaw, who both served as police officers. Law enforcement leaders from across the region remember Officer Snyder as a dedicated public servant. St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said he was a ‘‘tremendous police officer,’’ and former St. Louis County Police Chief Ron Battelle said he was highly regarded by his fellow officers and command staff. Before joining the police force, Officer Snyder served on the board of directors for Riverbend Family Ministries, where he worked to provide a safe environment for children of families in crisis. Officer Snyder was the 97th law enforcement officer killed this year. He is survived by his wife and 2yearold son. May God bless Officer Snyder, his family, and all the first responders who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Please join me in keeping the Snyder family—and all the families of our first responders—in your thoughts and prayers. 
RECOGNIZING DAVIS LOVE III (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Davis Love III for his induction into the World Golf Hall of Fame. Mr. Love’s impressive golf career spans over four different decades. He has won 21 times on the PGA Tour, including one major championship at the PGA Championship in 1997, two victories at the Players Championship in 1992 and 2003, and five victories at the Heritage in Hilton Head, South Carolina. Further, his outstanding performances gained him a selection to six U.S. Ryder Cup teams—twice as captain. Although Mr. Love is known nationally for his professional wins, he is also known in the First Congressional District of Georgia for his strong sense of community. Referred to as ‘‘Uncle Davis’’ by locals, Mr. Love stays active in the St. Simons community. When Hurricane Matthew hit, he spent time clearing away tree limbs and providing food to emergency workers. Certainly, he is respected both nationally and locally. I am proud to rise today to recognize his great achievements and Mr. Love’s induction into the World Golf Hall of Fame. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5711, PROHIBITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHORIZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PASSENGER AIRCRAFT TO IRAN; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5982, MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT OF 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 18, 2016, THROUGH NOVEMBER 28, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on 
Rules, I call up House Resolution 921 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. b1230 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on House Resolution 921, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring this rule forward on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 5711, to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. The rule also provides for the consideration of H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. It also provides a motion to recommit. Additionally, the bill provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, with a motion to recommit. On Monday, the Rules Committee heard testimony from the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, BOB GOODLATTE ; from Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee Ranking Member HANK JOHNSON ; and from the chairman of the Committee on Financial Services, JEB HENSARLING , and Congressman D ENNY  HECK. H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act, was marked up and reported by the Judiciary Committee, and it enjoyed discussion at the committee level. The rule also combines H.R. 5715, the No ExIm Assistance for Terrorism Act, with H.R. 5711. Both of these bills were approved by the House Financial Services Committee in July. The rule makes in order five amendments to H.R. 5982 from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and it makes in order the only amendment submitted on H.R. 5711. I am a cosponsor of the Midnight Rules Relief Act, which was authored by my friend DARRELL ISSA of California. This bill addresses a problem that we have seen far too often in the administrations of both parties. As the President’s term draws to a close, we have come to expect a raft of new regulations to be forced upon the American people. We usually see an even greater jump in the number of regulations during the lameduck period, which is between election day and Inauguration Day. These hurried rules—midnight rules—are too often used to force the political agenda of an outgoing administration on hardworking Americans as a lastditch attempt to implement partisan priorities. As we enter a lameduck period after last week’s election, this is a particularly meaningful time to consider this legislation. I think we can agree, regardless of party, the outgoing administrations should not be rushing to impose burdensome regulations on the American people. Already, we have seen the Obama administration issue numerous midnight rules, including multiple billiondollar rules. In fact, this administration has issued or plans to issue at least 180 such rules. Just yesterday, we were presented with a clear example of this problem when the Department of the Interior announced the finalization of a new rule on methane venting and flaring. This rule was announced by the Bureau of Land Management in an attempt to lower output despite the costs it will impose on energy production and on numerous State regulations already in place. This is just one example of an administration’s rushing to finalize rules to cement a partisan policy agenda. We have seen this administration increase the regulatory burden on families and businesses by more than $100 billion. The last thing we should do is let them further that burden in the waning days of a lameduck Presidency. However, despite the clear evidence that the current administration is taking advantage of the ability to implement midnight rules, this is not a problem that is unique to only one political party. Lameduck regulations have been abused by both parties, but addressing this issue will help rein in that practice and ensure that Congress can exercise proper oversight authority. The Midnight Rules Relief Act would take steps to solve the problem by amending the Congressional Review Act to provide congressional authority to allow CRA resolutions that disapprove multiple midnight resolutions 
en bloc. Currently, the CRA can only be used for individual regulations. The amended Congressional Review Act would maintain flexibility while incentivizing outgoing administrations to avoid issuing broad and controversial midnight regulations. The rule before us today also provides for the consideration of a different but equally important bill. H.R. 5711 takes critical steps to protect taxpayers and national security. Under the Iran nuclear deal, which I vocally opposed, President Obama agreed to license the exports of commercial planes. Recently, the Treasury Department authorized the sale of almost 100 planes for Iran. I can’t believe this is even something we have to talk about here today, but it is a deeply serious issue. The administration has allowed the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism to receive U.S. financing and planes. H.R. 5711 takes the commonsense step of prohibiting the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing U.S. financing in connection with the export of commercial passenger aircraft to Iran. It also makes permanent the financing prohibition for the ExportImport Bank assistance to the Government of Iran. I will say it again: this is just simply common sense. We should not and cannot be in the business of licensing the financing and sale of aircraft to a country that wishes to do us harm. The underlying bills that this rule provides consideration for are necessary to protect the American people and to restore smart policies that will protect us both here and abroad. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Georgia for yielding the customary time. The legislation before us today continues the majority’s attempts to undermine the actions taken by President Obama. H.R. 5711 would force us to violate our international obligations under the Iran nuclear agreement, which was painstakingly negotiated by Secretary of State John Kerry, Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman, and Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz with the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council, plus Germany. I think this is a great mistake by the United States to think that we will undermine it and that we have the ability to do that. It is very unlikely, in any event, that should this be undermined and this treaty be overturned that we could put that back together with the same group of people who negotiated it in the first place. In the process, it would put aircraft manufacturers here at home at a competitive disadvantage with their foreign competitors—something I am very much surprised that the majority would even contemplate. This legislation would also continue their attacks on the ExportImport Bank, an economic driver that has helped to create jobs and to grow our economy by expanding American businesses’ access to foreign markets. These attacks stand in stark contrast to the ExportImport Bank’s long history of bipartisan support, including from Presidents all the way back to John Kennedy and Bill Clinton and to Republican Presidents like Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush. Mr. Speaker, instead of advancing this misguided legislation, this Chamber should be supporting our local businesses and the goodpaying jobs that they create. The majority should also give the Iran nuclear agreement the time to succeed instead of rushing forward with this bill that would already put the U.S. in direct violation of it. As I said earlier, if this agreement fails, we would not likely be able to reapply the sanctions or get the support of the Security Council. If we want to achieve our goal of ensuring that Iran is unable to build a nuclear weapon, this agreement remains the best available option for peacefully and verifiably cutting off its pathways. The second bill we are considering today, H.R. 5982, is a sad continuation of the majority’s attempts to delegitimize any actions taken by President Obama. This time, the majority is trying to amend the Congressional Review Act and allow Congress to invalidate regulations en bloc that are proposed in the final 60 legislative days of the President’s term. That means that potentially lifesaving measures could be repealed in the blink of an eye without there being any proper evaluation or examination of their impacts. Mr. Speaker, the taxpayers expect reasonable and thoughtful governance. They also expect us to uphold the Constitution, which clearly states that Presidents have 4year terms. That means that President Obama is President of the United States for a full 4 year term, not a 3
3⁄4year term. It is a disgrace that President Obama couldn’t even get a hearing on his Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick Garland. This unprecedented dereliction of the majority’s responsibilities is symbolic of its failure to respect this President. So many issues deserve our attention in the closing days of Congress, and it is disappointing to me and to so many others that the majority has chosen to prioritize measures—that won’t even be considered in the Senate—just to take parting political shots at President Obama. We were elected to get things done, Mr. Speaker, and these bills are really just solutions in search of problems that don’t exist. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I do understand that, yes, our Presidents are elected for a full 4 years. I have no problem with that. What I do have a problem with, though, is trying to push bills that cannot make it through these bodies in the proper way and with the proper oversight that Congress is supposed to have. We are set up in Article I of the Constitution as the body that makes the laws and sets the policy, along with Executive who carries out that policy. What we are simply saying is: don’t go around what you can’t get done in Congress and try to do it before you walk out the door. I understand that this is both sides, Mr. Speaker. This is not just this administration; it has been used by both. It just needs to stop. Congress has a role; the Executive has a role; the judiciary has a role. That is why the Founders put it together. This is simply saying: let’s do it the right way. Also, just as a quick note on this issue of the planes to Iran, as a member of the military currently and also as one who served in Iraq, this is very concerning to me on many levels. Also, the problem that we see with Iran is not about not doing business—it is about the protection of American interests and American assets. In fact, this is a bipartisan issue. One of the Financial Services Committee members from across the aisle, Mr. SHERMAN , actually opposed this, but he actually said this—and it really makes a lot of sense. He said: 
Until Iran Air gets out of the business of supporting terrorism and supporting Assad’s regime in Syria, the United States should not license the sale of aircraft to Iran Air. It is virtually certain that Iran Air will use these aircraft for nefarious purposes. 
We are just saying: put our country in a safe position. We are not talking about denying business, but we are talking about what many of us feel was a very bad decision with the Iran nuclear deal and about, simply here, just putting us back in an Article I position. I appreciate the gentlewoman from New York. I think we just need to do our business and just put our interests first, not only here, but also abroad. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the gentlewoman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this, and I appreciate the statement that she just made a moment ago in opposing the rule. Mr. Speaker, I want to focus on just one area, which is H.R. 5711, designed to prohibit the transaction with Iran. I couldn’t agree more with my friend on the other side of the aisle, who is managing this issue for the Republicans, in that we ought to put America’s interests first. That is why the overwhelming majority of independent experts agreed with the Comprehensive Joint Plan of Action, which was designed to make it harder and less likely that Iran would develop nuclear weapons. Now, who is going to forget Benjamin Netanyahu before us and others who 
were hysterical that Iran was just months away from a nuclear breakout and the threat that that posed? I, for one, agree that I don’t want Iran to have nuclear weapons. I think that would be horrific. It is wrong to put nuclear weapons in their hands with the other cascading effects that could occur if they were to obtain nuclear weapons. That is why the United States—Secretary Kerry—and five other countries worked with us to use the power of our sanctions and international cooperation to make that nuclear breakout less likely. And what has happened since that agreement was signed and entered into? As a practical matter, Iran has complied with what it said it would do, and that nuclear threshold for Iran’s having the potential of generating nuclear weapons has grown longer. They have reduced the number of centrifuges— less nuclear fissile material. This is what we wanted, and they have done it. b1245 To this point, they have complied. We have complied, for example, by giving them back their own money that was frozen as a result of the events of the Iranian Revolution. This avenue of trying to undermine the agreement—and make no mistake, Republican leadership and a Trump administration is likely to try to overturn it altogether—will continue a pattern of mismanagement by the United States of our relationship with one of the oldest civilizations in the Middle East. This goes back over 3,000 years. Iranians are not Arabs. They are Persians. They have their own interests, their own identity. It is twice as large as Iraq and Afghanistan, more populous, more sophisticated. Pretending that we are going to attack them, as some of the people that Mr. Trump is considering for key positions have favored, would be a nightmare. Remember, the United States overthrew the popularly elected leader of Iran, working with the British in 1953, and installed the Shah on the throne. The United States sided with Saddam Hussein, who we thought was so evil that we upset the order in the Middle East and undertook that disastrous war. We sided with him as he used weapons of mass destruction against the Iranians. Now, who would blame the Iranians, given our history, for not being friendly toward the United States? The fact is—and it can be verified by friends of yours who may have visited Iran—that it is actually the country whose people have the most positive feelings toward the United States. After 9–11, there were candlelight vigils in Tehran in sympathy with Americans who were attacked. Now, many people have a cartoon image of the Iranian situation. It is complex. There are some very bad people in power in Iran, and we need to stand up to them. Many of those people want this deal to fail, just like some hardliners in the United States want it to fail. I don’t think we should serve their interests. Preventing the United States to follow through on this agreement, for example, with enabling them to purchase Boeing planes, not giving us over $17 billion in business, not putting over 100,000 Americans to work and building relationships, I think, is foolish. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, in fact, if the agreement falls apart and the sanctions collapse, they will get their planes. They will just buy Airbus planes, not Boeing. Most importantly, we will be undermining an opportunity to use diplomacy to make the world safer. I have been appalled how difficult it is for us to focus on the big picture. Absolutely push back at some of the bad guys. Stand up to problems that they create. We just reinstituted the sanctions against misbehavior by Iran, and I voted for that yesterday. But don’t undermine an agreement that is working—Iran has already got much of what they wanted out of this deal. If we undermine it, they can walk away. They have got some money, and they can have world opinion on their side and go ahead and develop nuclear weapons. That is crazy. We ought to abide by our agreements. We ought to stand up to them where they are wrong. We ought to promote interaction where we can. We ought to work with the very vibrant Iranian American community, which I hope Donald Trump doesn’t deport. They are lawabiding, very effective citizens in the United States. We ought to be working with them to work for the cause of international peace, strengthening the American economy while we make all of us make nuclear weapons less likely and strengthen international cooperation. It was a signal achievement to have China, Russia, Germany, Great Britain, and France work with us on this agreement. We should not undercut it. We should honor it. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up a bill that would prohibit lobbyists from serving on Presidentelect Trump’s transition team. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, these bills will be going nowhere in the Senate, and we should be happy about that. We shouldn’t be frittering away the closing days of this session of Congress with legislation designed to delegitimize the work of our President. There are major issues that face our country that the American people are crying out for us to address, from our crumbling infrastructure to the skyrocketing cost of education. We were elected to solve these problems, Mr. Speaker. These bills, again, utterly fail to do anything about any of that. Our constituents deserve more; the taxpayers deserve more. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate a good debate. This rule actually deals with two. One is the midnight rule, which again has been abused by both sides. Also, as it was just spoken of on the floor, there is this issue of the funds for the planes for Iran. Let me just say, I would love to go back and discuss the Iran deal that was put into place. I have been on this floor many times opposing that deal. We can talk about it. I don’t think it was ever put into place to stop. Actually, there is this issue that they have complied. I just find it laughable that they have complied. They have tested rockets. They have sent people overseas. They have not complied with this. There is one thing that I agree with that the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) said just a moment ago. I agree with him when he said: Yes, Iran has got everything they want. They have got the money. They keep going. Their centrifuges are spinning. I will just say this about this issue right here: If we could actually look at this, I will support Iran when Iran is willing to be a part of the world culture and starts recognizing Israel’s right to exist. I will support Iran when they are signing their agreement and not shouting ‘‘death to America.’’ Let’s play on a level playing field. I have got no problem with that. We are not debating that. Unfortunately, that is the deal the next administration can deal with. At least, I will have some sympathy for them when they quit breaking the very agreement we are saying that they are honoring. I just can’t see that. So these funds, I don’t want them used. There are assets that we have. They are military assets. They are my brothers and sisters in arms right now who are all over the world that could be impacted by this. So as we go forward, this is a commonsense rule for two reasons. We are not going to use the bank accounts of Americans to buy planes for Iran that can be used against us in a war. We are not going to have midnight rules by both parties. It doesn’t matter which party here. This is Article I, this is basic Constitution. Let the Congress do its work, not a President carrying out an agenda. 
school district set and enforced by TEA clearly violated both the letter and spirit of the IDEA Act, on September 12, 2016, I wrote Education Secretary John King to demand that the U.S. Department of Education ‘‘review, investigate, and take immediate and appropriate action to remedy the injury currently being suffered at least 250,000 special needs school children resulting from the systematic and intentional actions of the Texas state government to deprive these students of the rights guaranteed them by the 1990 Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA Act).’’ Hubert Humphrey once said that the ‘‘moral test of government is how it treats: those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the aged; and those in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy and the handicapped.’’ By this measure, the Texas state government has been failing the moral test for more than a decade when it comes to fair treatment of special needs students. This should not have happened in Texas and we must act to be sure that it is not happening in other states. Across the nation, approximately 13% of school children receive the special education benefits guaranteed by the IDEA Act. In Texas, however, the comparable figure is 8.5%, by far the lowest of any state in the nation. If the level of service provided by the State of Texas even barely met the national average, an additional 250,000 special need students would be receiving the educational opportunity they desperately need and deserve. As I document in my letter to Education Secretary King, ‘‘the realworld consequence of this deplorable decision is that vital supports to children with autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, dyslexia, epilepsy, mental illnesses, speech impediments, traumatic brain injuries, even blindness and deafness, are being denied to approximately 250,000 Texas children.’’ When a school district, for example, ignores a mother’s request for a special education evaluation, the emotional and psychological damage inflicted on her child who may be forced to repeat the second and third grade is incalculable and may be irreparable. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the with the people of Louisiana who were adversely affected by the historic 1,000 year flooding event that has devastated the Baton Rouge area of Louisiana. This disaster is the latest reminder of the vulnerabilities posed by extreme weather events faced by people living along the Gulf Coast. The National Weather Service reported 21.86 inches of rain falling within 48 hours caused levees to overtop and rivers to breach their banks. Global climate change cares not if you believe in it; the force of nature will do its will at the expense, pain and suffering of our nation’s citizens. This Congress is about to end its business without taking care of the people of Louisiana devastated by the floods earlier this year. On Oct. 7 in Florida, a peak surge of 9.88 feet above normal was measured at a tide gauge at Fernandina Beach, Florida. Storm surge flooding affected the St. Augustine area, including major flooding on Anastasia Island where water was reported to be 2.5 feet above ground level. To the south in nearby Flagler Beach, Florida, parts of A1A were washed out by the storm surge. The NorthwesternJacksonville conducted a storm survey and found a new inlet was carved between Marineland and Matanzas Inlet, between Palm Coast and St. Augustine Beach, Florida. The St. Johns River in northeast Florida reached its highest level on record at Shands Bridge, along with 3 to 4.3 feet of storm surge inundation reported at the Racy Point, Red Bay Point and 1–295 bridge tide gauges. Early in the morning on Oct. 8, the St. Johns River was flowing backwards. Matthew’s storm surge coupled with high tide lead to a record tide level at Ft. Pulaski, Georgia, early Oct. 8, and storm surge inundation roughly waistdeep was reported in parts of Charleston, South Carolina. We also should not forget Hurricane Matthew—what it did to Haiti and parts of the Southern United States requires Congressional attention to relieve people who are suffering. Even before Hurricane Matthew struck, more than a quarter of Haiti’s 11 million people lived in extreme poverty, surviving on less than $1.25 a day. Haiti’s people once again, in their great sorrow, need our prayers, our generosity, and our compassion. Much of what the people of Haiti have worked and fought tirelessly for over the last few years has been wiped out in this the third major natural disaster since 2010’S ruthless earthquake. Because of Hurricane Matthew hundreds of thousands of Haitians have little or no access to potable water or basic health services, and Haiti is facing an impending food crisis according to local and international organizations, and the government of Haiti. This Congress should replace the funding used by the Centers for Disease Control to address the Zika Virus threat, which depleted funds that were for Ebola response. We have not seen the full impact of Zika Virus, nor will we for several months as women give birth to children who may be impacted by the disease. I urge my colleagues to spend the last few legislative days available to us to make the American people our first priority. The material previously referred to by Ms. SLAUGHTER is as follows: 
or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
b1710 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARDY ) at 5 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 231, nays 181, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Blumenauer Brown (FL) DeGette DeSantis Fitzpatrick Fleming Forbes Hinojosa Kirkpatrick Kline Lewis Miller (FL) Nugent Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Rooney (FL) Sanchez, Loretta Smith (TX) Wagner Westmoreland 
b1742 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1745 HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RECOMMIT ON H.R. 5711, PROHIBITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHORIZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PASSENGER AIRCRAFT TO IRAN Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 5711 be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
PROHIBITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHORIZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PASSENGER AIRCRAFT TO IRAN Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 921, I call up the bill (H.R. 5711) to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 921, in lieu of the amendment recommended by the Committee on Financial Services printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114– 66 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5711 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, TITLE I—IRAN FINANCING PROHIBITION 
The Secretary of the Treasury may not authorize a transaction by a U.S. financial institution (as defined under section 561.309 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations) that is ordinarily incident to the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. 
If the Secretary of the Treasury authorized any transaction described under section 101 before the date of the enactment of this title, such authorization is hereby revoked. TITLE II—NO EXIM ASSISTANCE FOR TERRORISM 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘No ExIm Assistance for Terrorism Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–818, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read and shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to submit extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. When our fellow Americans deposit their earnings in a U.S. bank or entrust the government with their tax dollars, they do so assuming that their money will not be used in ways which undermine the security of our very Nation and, frankly, of the world. The legislation we are debating tonight is a package of bills that is designed to prevent the Obama administration from further undermining the trust of the American people and the security of our Nation, as well as the security of our allies. Under President Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or the JCPOA, the administration agreed to authorize the export of civilian aircraft to Iran. What the JCPOA did not include was authorization for the U.S. financing of those sales. As Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said in April in a Council on Foreign Relations speech: ‘‘Iran, complied with the nuclear agreement. Therefore, the nuclear sanctions are lifted. I think that that is a process that is becoming more and more clear. And we’ll keep our part of the bargain there. But the U.S. financial system is not open to Iran and that is not something that is going to change.’’ Again, that was Secretary Jack Lew in April of this past year. Mr. Speaker, something changed. In September, the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control issued licenses to Airbus and to Boeing that permitted the sale of up to 97 airplanes to Iran Air, the country’s flagship, state owned carrier. These licenses didn’t stop there, however. By going beyond the scope of the JCPOA, they also authorized U.S. financial institutions to ‘‘engage in all transactions necessary to provide financing or other financial services’’ related to the Iran Air orders. My bill, H.R. 5711, would prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing U.S. financing through American banks in connection with the export of commercial aircraft to Iran just as the administration claimed was U.S. policy to begin with. This bill would keep Americans’ deposits away from a country that the President’s own State Department calls ‘‘the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism’’ and which the Treasury has designated as ‘‘a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern.’’ Let me repeat that. The State Department, itself, says this is the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism, and the Treasury Department has designated a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern. How many more red flags need to go up? Under this bill, Americans would not have to fear that their savings are being channeled to Iran Air, which was sanctioned by the Treasury in 2011 for ferrying soldiers and weapons of war to Syria—the site of a 5year conflict that has claimed a half a million lives and has displaced millions more. This is the same Iran Air that a U.N. report concluded had shared ballistic military technology with North Korea and is the same Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps whose deputy commander called for an end to Israel, making note of more than 100,000 missiles that were ready ‘‘for the annihilation—the wiping out—and the collapse of the Zionist regime.’’ Additionally, research by the Foundation for Defense of Democracies shows that Iran Air’s support of the Assad regime continues to this very day. Why should U.S. banks and their customers be implicated in Iranian atrocities? I would submit that there is no reasonable answer to this, which is why this commonsense prohibition, when offered as an amendment to this year’s Financial Services appropriations bill, was passed by this very body—the House of Representatives—by a voice vote. However, this bill goes even further, Mr. Speaker. Not only will H.R. 5711 protect Americans’ bank accounts, it will prevent their tax dollars from being used through the ExportImport Bank to subsidize aircraft sales to Iran. It would be through direct transactions or thirdparty leasing, which is becoming more and more common. This codifies and strengthens an existing ExIm prohibition that is renewed in annual appropriations bills. For that reason, this measure enjoyed the support of ExIm supporters and critics alike when it came before the Financial Services Committee. H.R. 5711 combines the text of two bills that were reported by the Committee on Financial Services; one of them sponsored by me and the other by Congressman ROSKAM of Illinois. Both pieces of legislation were cosponsored by our Democrat colleague, Congressman SHERMAN of California, who has devoted years to Iran policy, both as a member of the Financial Services Committee and of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I thank Representative SHERMAN and Representative ROSKAM for working with me on this very important legislation package; and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am disappointed that we are here, yet again, debating another Republican bill to undermine the Iran nuclear deal—a deal that, so far, has delivered on its principal goal of blocking Iran’s path to nuclear weapons for the foreseeable future. This is a dangerous move that, if enacted, would put U.S. and global security at risk. Specifically, H.R. 5711 would prohibit the Treasury Secretary from authorizing any transaction by a U.S. financial institution to support the export of commercial planes to Iran. Doing so would violate a key component of the agreement in which the U.S. has committed to allowing the sales of these planes and the associated financial 
services that are necessary to support the sales. Earlier this year, the Treasury Department issued a license to Boeing for the sale of 80 passenger planes to Iran— valued at $17.6 billion—and authorized U.S. financial institutions to engage in all transactions necessary to allow Boeing to receive payment for the sale. This legislation not only puts the Boeing deal in the crosshairs by prohibiting it from conducting a lawful sale under the agreement, but it also places the viability of the nuclear deal itself in question. Moreover, this legislation would breach the good faith provision in the agreement by which all parties agreed not to undermine its successful implementation. H.R. 5711 also includes language that prevents the ExportImport Bank from financing exports to Iran, which is a red herring because the ExIm Bank has not supported exports to Iran since the 1970s, and it is legally prohibited from doing so as long as Iran is a state sponsor of terror. Notably, the bill removes the President’s national security waiver with regard to these restrictions—a move that denies the President the flexibility that is necessary to work with our allies to find the most effective ways of changing Iran’s behavior. The fact is that all previous Iran sanctions bills that have passed the House and that have become law have included a Presidential waiver that gives the President the flexibility to act quickly and maneuver when doing so serves the U.S. national security interest. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly concerned that this bill comes at a time of deep global uncertainty about U.S. foreign policy. We have a Presidentelect whose talk on foreign policy has ranged from vague and contradictory in some areas to utterly incoherent elsewhere. He has inserted unpredictability into the international arena, has questioned the value of U.S. alliances, and has threatened the cornerstones of decades of American foreign policy leadership. Yet, instead of reassuring the world that the United States is committed to working with our global allies to promote our collective security, House Republicans have decided to push yet another piece of legislation through the House to destabilize the agreement that is central to preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. b1800 I do wonder why their leadership decided to bring this bill to the floor now in the lameduck session when they know the President will veto it. Perhaps my colleagues on the other side of the aisle know that in two short months, they will no longer have the luxury of legislating without consequences. Come January, we will have a President who has called the Iran nuclear agreement the worst deal ever negotiated. Like most of his other nonsense policies, Mr. Trump has claimed he will either more strictly enforce the agreement or negotiate ‘‘a much better deal’’ or dismantle it altogether. We don’t know, and he doesn’t know. So I am going to bet that, under the Trump administration, Republicans will not be so eager to move legislation to unravel this agreement because, like the rest of us, they do not know how Mr. Trump will govern and because they know there is no other reasonable approach to curbing Iran’s nuclear ambition, short of military intervention. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this bill and sending a strong message to the President elect and our allies around the world that Democrats remain committed to a strong U.S. engagement in the world and will not tolerate any attempt to undermine the Iran nuclear deal or any other international arrangements that keep us safe. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), a leader on this issue who is the author of H.R. 5715. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and also Chairman H ENSARLING for their consistent and persistent work on this issue. My friend from California mentioned a minute ago her disappointment. Well, if you want to talk about disappointment and destabilizing of the deal, just look at what the Iranians have done since the JCPOA passed. By the way, a majority of the House of Representatives and a majority of the United States Senate, not on a partisan basis either, Mr. Speaker, voted against the JCPOA. So let’s put that in context. But the President insisted, he moved along, and here we are. So let’s see what we can do about it. Before we fix it, let’s look at what the Iranians have done. They are the destabilizers. There have been Iranian supplied rockets launched at a U.S. Naval ship. Iran has fired rockets within 1,500 feet in December of last year on U.S. ships numerous times. The IRGC patrol boats have aggressively harassed U.S. ships in the Strait of Hormuz. Iran has launched numerous ballistic missile tests in violation of the U.N. Security Council resolutions. They violated the JCPOA by producing excess heavy water. They continue to kidnap Americans and hold them for ransom. So let’s put it where it lies. The destabilizing impact doesn’t belong with the United States. It doesn’t belong with any statement by an American policyholder. The destabilizing nature belongs, Mr. Speaker, to the Iranian regime, the mullahs themselves. So the gentlewoman from California said she is disappointed. Well, look, I mean, disappointment, get used to it. It is the nature of things. The nature of the disappointment is that we now have American companies that are saying: You know what? Let’s go in and let’s do business with a terrorist regime. How is that? Let’s just go make a buck. That is the scandal of this. The scandal is that there are American companies, there are international companies—Boeing, Airbus—that are now making their own names inextricably linked with terror forever more. That is the scandal. So what are we trying to do? The gentlewoman said that the Ex Im elements of this—I think she said— was a red herring. If not, it was words to that effect. No, it is not so. Because if you look carefully at what the ExIm prohibition actually prohibits, Mr. Speaker, it prohibits the direct financing to the Iranian regime. Fine, if that is all this did, well and good. There is no reason to oppose it, then. Of course, that is not where the Ex Im is actually limited. Because here is what can happen: under current law, the ExIm Bank can do a deal with the Europeans, for example. What can happen, then? That can be leased under current law to the Iranians. This amendment, Mr. HUIZENGA ’s language, would prohibit that. That is what we are trying to do. Look, think about the irony of this. You have got an administration that currently is telling Americans it is a dangerous thing to go to Iran; that you are at risk of being kidnapped if you go to Iran. At the same time—picture this, Mr. Speaker—that that is being articulated, they are also saying: We are going to help you do some business over there. That is ridiculous. It is absurd, it is contradictory, and it is indefensible. So here is the good news: The good news is we can do something about it. The other good news is this Iran deal has a very short shelf life because the Presidentelect has said he doesn’t like it. President Obama didn’t do the hard work of developing a national consensus on it. If he had, it would have been a treaty and a treaty that would have bound the United States in permanency; but he didn’t do that. Why? Because it was a bad idea and he couldn’t sell it to Congress. So he went the easy way, did it basically by executive order. And what goes around comes around. So we can do some good work here today. We can move this out. Is President Obama going to sign it? Obviously not, but that is not to say that it is not what we should do. We know what we need to do. We need to make sure that the American financial system is not complicit in this deal. We need to make sure that American taxpayers are not subsidizing this deal. I urge the bill’s passage. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), a member of the Financial Services Committee and the House 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, with all due respect to the gentleman from Michigan, once again, we find ourselves in this dreary and dangerous ritual of considering a bill which, without question, would cause us to violate our agreement under the JCPOA. We get the same arguments about how bad the Iranian regime is, and we get the same misstatements like: This is President Obama’s deal. It is not President Obama’s deal. It is a deal of the United Nations Security Council, of China, of Russia, of Great Britain, of France, of Germany, the U.K., and the rest of the world who combined working for a period of almost 15 years hammered out a deal— and I say this as a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence—which today has removed Iran as a nuclear threat. Yet, here again, we are offered a bill that would compromise our obligations and almost certainly result in centrifuges spinning once again in Tehran and then leading on to the very likely prospect of yet another Middle Eastern war. Yes, Iran is a sponsor of terrorism. Yes, it is a bad place. You will get no argument from this side of the aisle that this is a bad regime. Once again, I remind my Republican friends that their patron saint, Ronald Reagan, made a nuclear deal with the Soviet Union, also a sponsor of terrorism, an appalling regime; but Ronald Reagan was smart enough to know that you can make a deal that makes everybody safer even with some very bad people. Ronald Reagan. One thing I know as a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence is that what used to be a mortal national security threat to the United States—2 to 3 months from breakout time, 2 to 3 months over which would almost certainly be involved in yet another war in the Middle East—has been taken off the table. Now, the Republicans not only seek to scuttle that deal with all of the implications, but they do it by stopping an American company from selling a flagship American product around the world. If you use the Department of Commerce’s multiplier, the bill they are pushing today would result in 100,000 American jobs not created so that they can continue with this fetish of eliminating a deal, which has made us safer. If there is any question about whether this has made us safer, let me again quote General Gadi Eizenkot, who is the chief of staff of the Israeli Defense Forces. He said the deal has actually removed the most serious danger to Israel’s existence for the foreseeable future and greatly reduced the threat over the longer term. That is the chief of staff of the Israeli Defense Forces, but my friends in the Republican Party know better about what is good for Israel. These sad charades end pretty soon because the bluff has been called. President Trump has said he will tear up the Iran deal. When he does that— because this, of course, is not becoming law—the centrifuges will spin again. To my friends on the other side of the aisle, when the centrifuges are spinning, we and I will stand here and we will tell the American people why centrifuges are spinning again. And where we were 2 years ago when we thought we were going to war with Iran, if we go to Iran, when Israeli planes are bombing Iran, we will stand here and explain why we are now in another Middle Eastern war. We can avoid that by ending these charades and finally accepting this deal. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who is the chairman of the Small Business Committee, but also a previous chair of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5711. I want to the commend my colleagues, Congressmen HUIZENGA and S HERMAN , for authoring this bipartisan piece of legislation. It was once said that the West would sell its enemies the rope that would be used to hang itself with. Well, because of the disastrously flawed Iran deal, that is exactly what we are currently doing. That is why this legislation is so important. H.R. 5711 essentially prevents the export or reexport of commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. This bill would cut off Iran’s means of delivering weapons to terrorist organizations like Hamas and Hezbollah, and to Syrian dictator Bashir alAssad, a war criminal who is responsible for the worst refugee crisis since the Second World War. The truth is we wouldn’t even need to be here today if the Obama administration had just paid attention to the facts on the ground in the Middle East. When negotiating the disastrous Iran nuclear deal, despite knowing Iran was the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, President Obama and Secretary Kerry permitted the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran anyway. Incredibly, under current U.S. law, if we issued a license for Iran Air to purchase aircraft from an American manufacturer and then Iran walked away from its commitment, U.S. taxpayers would have to foot the bill for Iran. In this case, that could be up to $70 billion on the U.S. taxpayer. Given Iran Air’s multiple unpaid commitments over the years, that outrageous outcome is entirely possible. So for all of the reasons that I have mentioned and for reasons that have been stated already by my colleagues, I would urge clearminded people on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), a senior member of the House Appropriations Committee. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5711. This legislation is only the latest misguided and politicized effort by the majority to undermine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, a historic agreement negotiated by the world’s major powers in order to keep Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. Simply put, enactment of H.R. 5711 would violate the United States Government’s obligations under the JCPOA, opening the door for Iran to walk away from this agreement. It also threatens to undermine our credibility with our allies and negotiating partners. Now, we must be vigilant. No one disagrees that we must be vigilant in ensuring Iranian compliance with the terms of the JCPOA. We also should continue to hold Iran to account for its violations of human rights, for its sponsorship of terrorism, and for its nonnuclear weapons development. Last night, I supported, as did almost every Member of this body, a clean reauthorization of the Iran Sanctions Extension Act, which guarantees Congress’ ability to snap back sanctions should Iran violate the JCPOA. The reauthorization also allows Congress to take positive action on transition day should it be verified that Iran has used its nuclear capacity only for peaceful purposes. So the continued authorization of sanctions will allow the United States to continue to exert pressure on the Iranian regime. The dangerous bill before us today will do just exactly the opposite. By directly blocking a specific provision of the JCPOA—namely, the permissible sale of commercial passenger aircraft—this legislation would send a clear message to the Iranian people that the United States does not negotiate in good faith; that we expect to have it both ways, with Iran dismantling its nuclear facilities and getting nothing in return. b1815 We must also remember, my colleagues, that the Iran nuclear agreement is not just a bilateral agreement between Iran and the United States. It is the product of years and years of negotiations between Iran and the P5+1, which is the United Kingdom, China, France, Russia, Germany, and the United States. The bill before us today would break faith with those negotiating partners in a reckless and dangerous way. Because of this agreement, the breakout time for Iran to develop enough weaponsgrade material for a nuclear weapon went from 2 to 3 months to a year or more. Because of this agreement, the international community has 24/7 access to Iran’s nuclear sites. Because of this agreement, we possess the enforcement mechanisms necessary to verify Iran’s compliance. 
By all objective accounts, Iran has upheld its end of the bargain. Why would we give up these capabilities by failing to uphold ours? In light of the political transitions taking place in our country, now is especially the time when the United States must keep its word, its word to our allies and to the international community. Now, regardless of all this, it appears that our Republican colleagues are willing to jeopardize a major international agreement for political advantage. They are willing to undermine the credibility of the United States and our allies on the international stage. My colleagues, instead of scoring political points or seeking to undo the foreign policy legacy of the outgoing President, we should be working together in a bipartisan manner to ensure this agreement’s success. For that reason, I urge colleagues to vote against this bill. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), a member of the House Committee on Financial Services. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5711. Despite the President’s assurances, Iran remains a menace to the stability of the Middle East and a threat to America and its allies. All of us, both Republicans and Democrats, need to take action to reduce the harm that this rogue state and its accomplices can do. H.R. 5711 takes some very important steps in that effort. By prohibiting the Secretary of the Treasury from green lighting U.S. financing for the export of commercial aircraft to Iran, we are making it more difficult for Iranian airlines to acquire planes that we know are used to ferry soldiers and weapons. I need to ask my colleagues across the aisle: Is that such a bad idea? By blocking ExIm assistance to the Government of Iran, we are preventing the U.S. taxpayer from subsidizing efforts by the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism to acquire aircraft to support its deadly activities around the world. We can all agree that ExIm should never be used for this purpose. The Government of Iran continues to fund terrorist activities, and it is intimately involved in Syria’s violent civil war. Let us not forget the recent hostile actions taken by Houthi rebels in Yemen. These rebels receive funds from Iran, and they fired missiles at U.S. Navy warships on patrol in the Red Sea. The American people cannot be complicit in these hostilities. We owe it to our constituents and our allies around the world to pass this commonsense legislation. I thank my colleagues from Michigan, Illinois, and California for introducing this bill. I urge its support. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), a member of the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, will this Congress ground Boeing or support this key manufacturer and the jobs that it creates, that have already helped make America great? Will we march to the tune of the pied pipers against peace who see war with Iran as the only way to restrain it from developing nuclear weapons? Part of what makes trade so important to us is that countries that trade together are less likely to go to war with one another. The House today is being asked to vote to block the sale of about 80 Boeing aircraft to update an aging and unsafe commercial airline in Iran. If this bill passes, that is bad news for a major American business, and it is also bad news to thousands of skilled workers across this country who won’t see any part of what could be a $25 billion deal. It is great news for Boeing’s major European competitor to get the work that these supporters would deny to Boeing. This is, of course, just the latest of one effort after another to undermine the only way forward, short of war, to limit Iran’s ability to develop nuclear weapons. This realization is why this very week so many national security experts have urged Mr. Trump to reconsider, to reverse his threat to break the promises that our country made in an international agreement. This week also, the European Union affirmed its support for that international agreement. The six other countries that joined us in that international agreement are honoring their promises, and we should do the same thing. What will keep Boeing from flying high? It is the war hawks that fly high, so insistent on undermining this important pact that has made our family safer. If the hawks win, it is about more than losing a multibilliondollar deal to one American manufacturer. It really means that nothing—nothing— but the threat of another American war, an American attack, will hold Iran back from developing nuclear weapons. This is about more than destabilizing the American workforce. Undermining this agreement will destabilize the Middle East. It will jeopardize our families and the families of our allies. Once again, this measure should be rejected. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), a member of the Committee on Financial Services. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to voice my support for H.R. 5711 and to thank Congressman HUIZENGA  for his leadership on this very important issue. This bill prohibits the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by U.S. financial institutions in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. As the primary sponsor of terrorism throughout the world, it is imperative that we hold Iran accountable and do all we can to limit their abilities to promote this type of action and behavior. This bill confronts the same airline that has been sanctioned by the Treasury Department for transporting fighters and weapons on behalf of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard. It is beyond me how the administration can be okay with allowing Iran access to airplanes which would only further their support of terrorism. I supported this commonsense legislation when it was marked up in the Committee on Financial Services, and I am proud to support it today. Thank you to my good friend, Congressman HUIZENGA , for sponsoring this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations on the Committee on the Judiciary. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California, Ranking Member WATERS , for the leadership that she gave this issue in the Committee on Financial Services, and I rise today to offer my opposition to this bill for a number of reasons. I will say that it is interesting—I heard my colleague from North Carolina mention the Soviet Union and the interests and the efforts that President Reagan made to, in fact, make America safer in his time and in his context. Interestingly, in the backdrop of today, one could now argue that Russia has, in its portfolio, advocacy for terrorists as well as a large profile of cyberterrorism and hacking into the United States as well as a blatant interference in the most recent Presidential election. As I look to my colleagues speaking about what the Presidentelect will do, I would hope that he would not undermine the national security of this Nation. First of all, we know that this bill will be vetoed if it gets to the desk of President Obama. This bill would damage a hardfought diplomatic solution that makes the world safer from nuclear war. The sanctions are working, including extensive monitoring of the nuclear capability of Iran. We also, in a bipartisan manner, supported the potential extinction of Iran sanctions yesterday, and that was the right thing to do, the opportunity or the possibility of doing that. But this bill, in particular, flies in the face of a realistic approach to how we do international engagement. The JCPOA has significantly constrained Iran’s nuclear program. Key aspects of the program are dismantled under the JCPOA, and it subjects Iran’s nuclear program to unprecedented verification and monitoring requirements. It is working. It is profoundly in the national security interests of the United States to continue to meet our commitments 
under the JCPOA as long as Iran continues to meet its commitments. Our allies are depending on us. The word of the United States should mean something. We even know that Israel has seen a positive impact, some of its military persons have indicated, by way of the JCPOA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. JACKSON LEE. This bill prohibits the involvement of U.S. financial institutions in the sale of commercial passenger aircraft to Iran Air, civil end use that would put U.S. aircraft manufacturers at a competitive disadvantage with their foreign competitors whose access to financing would not be subject to the same constraints. This is not putting commercialism or jobs above national security. It is, in fact, allowing civil end use to continue as we are standing for our national security. The sweeping and vague nature of this provision would have a chilling effect on U.S. and nonU.S. entities seeking to engage in permissible business with Iran. The United States has a long tradition of remaining faithful to our commitments with our international partners, and a reversal of this principle undercuts our credibility, diminishes our ability to lead globally, and threatens the very alliances we rely upon in implementing the JCPOA. We can anticipate that should this bill become law, our closest allies would view this bill as a violation of the JCPOA commitments, and Iran would take the issue to the Joint Commission. The main thing of this bill is that it will douse the friendship and alliance that we are making with allies who want a peaceful nonproliferation of nuclear activity. This is a ‘‘no’’ vote in order to provide for the national security of this Nation. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), a member of the House Committee on Financial Services. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HUIZENGA for the couple minutes. This is one of those moments, has anyone actually read the four pages on the bill? Great. In that case, we should all know this isn’t about selling jets. It is about using the American financial system to finance them. That is what the language of the bill is. Think about this. We have now spent the last 6 years around this body talking over and over and over how we are going to keep the American financial system safe, how we are going to not do things that concentrate debt within our capital markets. If Iran wants to buy jets, let them go find bilateral agreements in other countries. Let them show up with the cash. Let them go find someone else to put up the surety bonds. Let someone else go put up the coverage on the lost pieces on the ladder of the financing. This piece of legislation coming through the Committee on Financial Services is about protecting our financial system, first, from what many of us on the committee believe is going to turn into bad debt and functionally become toxic within our financial markets; but then, secondly, do you really want the United States financial system providing liquidity and financing for the leading state sponsor of terrorism in the world? That is a pretty powerful ethical question when you consider what we have been through in cleaning up our own financial system over the last few years. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am sorry that Mr. PITTENGER left because I really did want to share this point with him. It is important to note that nothing in this legislation will keep new passenger aircraft out of the hands of Iran. The bill only prevents Boeing from selling civilian passenger aircraft to Iran, while foreign aircraft manufacturers, such as Airbus, will still be able to sell their passenger planes to Iran since they won’t need U.S. financial institutions to help finance their deals. b1830 What is this? Is this some kind of payback to Boeing? Is this some kind of—— Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. That is actually not true. Airbus is subject to this as well because of the significant number of parts and material in the jets that they produce. So they would be subject to this as well as Boeing. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Reclaiming my time, there is nothing in this legislation that will keep new passenger aircraft out of the hands of Iran. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), who is also a member of the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman HUIZENGA for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration’s State Department recognizes the Islamic Republic of Iran as one of three state sponsors of terrorism. But, ironically, the President calls his deal with Iran a foreign policy achievement. Our Commander in Chief is proud of his plan that puts Iran on the path to getting a nuclear weapon. He is proud of his plan that condones and facilitates U.S. business with Iran. In September, the Treasury Department authorized the sale of up to 97 Airbus and Boeing planes to Iran. Iran is more than just a labeled state sponsor of terrorism. Iran uses its financial sector for international money laundering. Iran has been a longtime supporter of the brutal Assad regime in Syria. It has supported a government that has killed hundreds of thousands of its own people. Iran’s leader has pledged to wipe America and Israel off the map, but none of these facts matter to the Obama administration. They will do whatever they can just to make a deal and ensure a legacy. Mr. Speaker, why are we rewarding and aiding a nation that has contributed to so much disorder and destruction in the Middle East? To me, it is simply a nobrainer. We must not authorize U.S. aircraft sales to Iran. I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 5711, which would prohibit the Treasury Secretary from authorizing U.S. financing in connection with commercial passenger aircraft to Iran. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share a portion of a letter from J Street: J Street Calls on Members of Congress to Oppose AntiJCPOA Bill Restricting Commercial Aircraft Sales. The last paragraph says: ‘‘Additionally, the bill would not even achieve its intended objective of preventing Iran from acquiring commercial aircraft—it would merely ensure that Iran purchases them from a foreign producer, pointlessly denying jobs and income to working Americans and communities across the country. Like so many of the legislative attempts by JCPOA opponents to undermine or kill the agreement, this bill is just another cynical messaging exercise that hurts rather than helps America’s essential interests, security, and standing in the world. ‘‘J Street therefore urges Members of Congress to oppose H.R. 5711 and reaffirm the United States’ commitment to uphold its international obligations.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), a distinguished member of the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HUIZENGA and also Chairman HENSARLING for bringing this very important issue before the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is a horrible idea to allow the United States Government to help the Iranian Government support terrorism. This bill helps make sure that does not happen. Now, the world knows that the Iranian Government has a very long history of using their stateowned Iran Air to transport weapons and military personnel for the Revolutionary Guard, which, in turn, trains, arms, and funds 
terrorist organizations around the world. The Revolutionary Guard and the Government of Iran has American blood on its hands. It should be very concerning to everybody in this Chamber, Republicans and Democrat, that the Iranian leaders for years have chanted, Death to America, and have vowed to wipe the State of Israel off the map. The Iranian Government cannot be trusted. Now, the United States financial institutions should not be allowed to help the Iranian Government purchase aircraft and other equipment proven to be used for military purposes. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 5711, is a good, commonsense bill. I implore everybody in this Chamber, Republicans and Democrats, to do what is right and to stand up and vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 5711 to make sure we do not assist the chief sponsor of terrorism in this world to conduct its activities. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I like Mr. POLIQUIN . He is a nice man. He always has a nice smile. But I don’t trust him more than I trust J Street. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire as to the balance of the time remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KNIGHT ). The gentleman from Michigan has 10
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee and a former Treasury official. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan for yielding. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5711. And I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ), who serves on our committee, for his leadership on this measure and consistently works on matters concerning Iran, as well as Mr. ROSKAM of Illinois. I was proud to be a member this past Congress on the Financial Services Committee Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. During our hearings, Mr. Speaker, we heard numerous witnesses describe Iran’s support for terrorism and other evil activities. It is really staggering, Mr. Speaker, that we sit here tonight and we have a Member of the other party suggest that Iran is a friend to the United States. There is no friendship between Iran and the United States or our allies. I think that is a stunning thing to say on the House floor. You have heard tonight about Iran’s direct involvement in conflicts in Iraq, Syria, Yemen; their support of Hamas, Hezbollah. And one of the main methods they use to support their terrorist activities around the world is they are flying commercial aircraft by the Quds Force around this world supporting terrorism, supplying Assad in Syria, who is responsible for the deaths of hundreds. This deal is not about blocking airplane sales, Mr. Speaker. This deal is about protecting taxpayers on financing airplane sales, protecting our banks in the financing of airplane sales. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration has already provided the Government of Iran, the mullahs in Iran over $100 billion in freedup cash and has given them $1.7 billion in Euros in cash on pallets. Let them use that to buy an aircraft. Let’s assume they cost $100 million, $150 million. They can buy several aircraft and pay cash, thanks to the failed diplomacy of the Obama administration. So, again, this legislation is about the belief that the United States should not directly support terrorism and the killing of innocent civilians. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. It is the mission of Iran to use these aircraft for nefarious purposes. We already have that guilt on our hands by the release of $100 billion and $1.7 billion in cash. Let’s not compound the errors of the past by opposing this bill, which will limit taxpayer risk and our financial sector risk at financing aircraft to Iran. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the balance of my time? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), a distinguished Member, friend, and former member of the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from Michigan for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I just find it fascinating that here we are again. Listen, we can talk about the JCPOA, this Iran nuclear deal, which I think is a historic mistake, which will haunt us for generations. There is no question about that. If anybody was unclear about where I stand or where I think many in this body stand, let me just simply say that I think this will be a historic mistake that will haunt us. Ultimately, when we are talking about the world’s greatest state sponsor of terrorism, what is amazing to me is the fact that this is not even up for debate in the administration. The administration will tell you: Yes, Iran is the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. And you know what? With this agreement, if our destination was to say, You know what, we want to ensure that Iran is never able to get a nuclear weapon, this deal all but ensures it. BOBMENENDEZ , a Democrat over in the Senate, said those very words. Prime Minister Netanyahu says this is a historic mistake. So, yes, we can talk about some of the others over there who believe this is a good thing, but ultimately we realize this is a bad thing. This is a bad thing because, frankly, as we talk about quoting J Street on the floor, I personally want to say that I will trust BRUCE POLIQUIN from Maine, my colleague on the Financial Services Committee. When it comes to a financing bill, yes, I trust BRUCE POLIQUIN a heck of a lot more than I trust J Street. J Street, frankly, is in the tank for the other side. They are not an objective body, I believe. Ultimately, as we look at this bill, Mr. Speaker, this bill doesn’t prevent the sale of aircraft. As much as I would like to prevent the sale of aircraft to the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror, which could use the aircraft to send supplies and soldiers—because we know that Iran is sending money and supplies to Hezbollah, Hamas, to Assad in Syria. Frankly, this administration will tell you the same thing. This is a bill that prevents the financing. Ultimately, as we look at, how do we protect taxpayer dollars, how do we protect the deposits of millions of Americans that go to Main Street and deposit in their local banks? We are just saying, you can’t use financing to go finance the planes that are going over into Iran, the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. If they want to pay cash, it would be one thing to say, You know what? I don’t think you have got any cash. Wait, we know they have got cash. Why? Because we just sent an unmarked plane with unmarked bills full of cash, ultimately, we know, for the release of hostages. We have got $1.7 billion that we know is there. We have got $100 billion worth of sanctions relief. You know what, I am counting on the fact that they have got the resources to spend. So what this is doing is this is trying to protect the American taxpayer. Ultimately, what we do know, the administration agrees to authorize the export of civilian aircraft to Iran. That still can happen. This bill does not change that one iota. What it does do is it says that you cannot use U.S. financing for those sales. Ultimately, I think that is a good thing because when we look and we want to go back and they want to talk about it, this is something about the JCPOA, the Iran deal. What is interesting to me, Mr. Speaker, is that the only thing that was bipartisan in the Iran deal was its opposition in this body to that deal. Frankly, I think we ought to be doing everything in our power to make sure that we keep and hold Iran accountable, and we should not be financing planes that go in there because, ultimately, we know they have already 
fired missiles. Right? They have already broken their agreements. They have fired missiles. They have fired weapons over at U.S. ships. They have captured U.S. sailors. They are taking hostages. This is not a good actor. Frankly, we should be doing everything in our power to make sure that we are holding them accountable and ratcheting up sanctions. We should not make it easier for them to be able to purchase planes. Frankly, we have got all manufacturers that are out there that have parts in the United States that would be implicated with this. So this is not singling out a single U.S. carrier. We want to talk about progrowth, but what we don’t want to do is talk about progrowth opportunities that are going to help the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. This is a mistake if we do not pass this piece of legislation. I am confident that this bipartisan piece of legislation is going to be able to pass this House. My hope is that the Senate will take it up. I don’t believe that the President will sign it—and I think that will be a mistake—but that should not prevent this body from doing the right thing. So, Mr. Speaker, I am going to go right back to where we started at the beginning. The world’s greatest state sponsor of terror should not be aided by the U.S. taxpayer, by our banking system, in order to finance planes that we really don’t know what they are going to do with them. But what we do know is that Iran is a bad actor and they are going to continue to be the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. So I am going to urge my colleagues to support this bill. It is a commonsense piece of bipartisan legislation. I want to thank the chairman for his work on it, and I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING as well. I want to thank Mr. ROSKAM , and I want to thank everybody here who is going to stand up united to say, this is going to something that we need to hold Iran accountable to. b1845 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I was surprised to hear the gentleman from Illinois just repeating some of the outrageous statements that Mr. Trump made during the campaign where he talked about the airplane carrying billions of dollars to Iran. I guess we are going to be hearing a lot of that around here. Mr. Speaker, next year, President elect Trump will face a daunting array of international challenges. The most pressing of these will be curbing Islamic terrorism, reining in Russian corruption and hegemony, and dealing with the civil wars in Iraq and Syria. The selfproclaimed Islamic State, though it is in retreat in Iraq and Syria, has demonstrated its ability to operate beyond the confines of the Middle East and sponsor attacks in Asia, Europe, and the United States. Moreover, the nuclear threat posed by North Korea will require an immediate and coherent policy response from the Trump administration. So if ever there was a time when the U.S. should be affirming our commitment to the international agreements that promote our stability and security in such a volatile global environment, the time is now. We should be working to reassure our allies and the rest of the world that the U.S. is committed to internationalism and to shaping and preserving the world economic and political order. Yet, Republicans are intent on playing politics and continuing their futile attempts to undermine the Iran nuclear agreement and put the global community at risk of a nuclear Iran. Over the past few months, this House passed Republican bills to reinstate a program denying Iranian financial institutions access to U.S. dollars; to prohibit the U.S. from buying heavy water from Iran, a key component for some nuclear reactors; and most recently, to prohibit socalled ransom payments to Iran, which would, in fact, put the U.S. in violation of its international obligations under the Algiers Accords, which have been in effect since 1981, under both Republican and Democratic administrations. The White House has issued a statement of policy making it clear that the President would veto the bill before us today, stating: ‘‘The United States has a long tradition of remaining faithful to our commitments and our international partners, and a reversal of this principle undercuts our credibility, diminishes our ability to lead globally, and threatens the very alliances we rely upon in implementing the JCPOA.’’ We know that this bill would violate a key provision of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action that specifically committed to the sale of commercial planes to Iran by prohibiting our financial institutions from facilitating those sales. It also would put U.S. aircraft manufacturers at a competitive disadvantage with their foreign competitors, whose access to financing would not be subject to the same constraints. The legislation is also concerning because it would remove the President’s national security waiver with regard to restrictions on the ExportImport Bank’s ability to finance exports to Iran. While the administration has never exercised this authority, I believe removing the President’s discretion and leverage on critical national security matters would be a serious mistake. So I strongly oppose this bill that aims to undo the hardfought progress to contain Iran’s nuclear ambitions and undercuts our ability to exercise global leadership, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to quote the great American President, Ronald Reagan: ‘‘There you go again.’’ Attack the Presidentelect, and try to throw out red herrings. The bill that we have before us has two simple titles, the Iran Financing Prohibition—and I will read section 101: ‘‘The Secretary of the Treasury may not authorize a transaction by a U.S. financial institution.’’ Section 102, Revocation of Prior Authorizations: ‘‘If the Secretary of the Treasury authorized any transaction described under section 101 before the date of the enactment of this title, such authorization is hereby revoked.’’ We are halfway through. Section 2, Title II, No ExIm Assistance for Terrorism. It simply says that there is a prohibition—on section 202: ‘‘Prohibition on ExportImport Bank Financing that would Benefit Iran.’’ That means direct financing. That would be subhead A. Indirect Financing, meaning you can’t have a third party get that lending from the ExportImport Bank, by the way, a U.S. taxpayerfunded bank. So that is subhead B. And C is Cancellation of Approved Financing, if they have done that already. This bill is not that complicated, and this bill does not cite any particular company. It does not limit any company from selling aircraft to Iran, no matter how big of a mistake that might be. It simply says—as I might add, Secretary Jack Lew, Secretary of the Treasury, said in April of this year: There will be no U.S. financial institution financing this deal. And we have added that second section, that second title that says: There will be no use of the U.S. taxpayerfinanced ExportImport Bank. That is all this bill says. So you have heard attacks on the Presidentelect. You have heard attacks on the ExportImport Bank and whether this is going to be good or bad for U.S. employers and employees. The simple fact is, Mr. Speaker, that this bill, H.R. 5711, says: We are not going to allow U.S. financial institutions, and U.S. financial institutions only, to be used to finance these deals; and we are not going to allow the ExportImport Bank of the United States to be used, either directly or indirectly, to finance that deal. Iran can go put this deal together with other banks in Asia, Europe, anywhere else in the world that they can find it, but not here in the United States and not using taxpayer dollars. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support 
H.R. 5711, the No U.S. Financing for Iran Act, introduced by my good friend BILLHUIZENGA . This bill also includes the outstanding work of my good friend PETER ROSKAM , who introduced H.R. 5715, the No ExIm Assistance for Terrorism Act. Mr. Speaker, President Obama has made an endless stream of concessions to the Iranian government. Most recently, in September, the administration announced that it would issue special export licenses for Boeing and Airbus to sell dozens of commercial aircraft to Iran—a deal that together is valued at upwards of $50 billion. Yet the deal is not finalized because Iran is having difficulty financing it. The No U.S. Financing for Iran Act will guarantee that the U.S. plays no part in facilitating this financing: it blocks the Treasury Department from authorizing U.S. financial institutions from supporting such transactions and prevents the U.S. ExportImport Bank from extending direct or indirect credit to the Government of Iran. Although the ExIm Bank is prohibited from providing direct financing to Iran, it could do so through a thirdparty. For instance, Reuters last week reported that after months of negotiations, Iran secured financing possibly through an Emirati leasing company for the first 17 planes it plans to buy from Airbus. If the U.S. ExIm Bank were to provide financing to such a thirdparty company, it would in effect be facilitating Iran’s purchase of the aircraft. It is important to recall why Iran should not be receiving these planes in the first place: until President Obama implemented his nuclear deal, Iran Air had for over four years been subject to U.S. sanctions due to the company’s notorious working relationship with Iran’s military and Revolutionary Guards Corps. For years, Iran Air has smuggled rockets, missiles, and other sensitive materiel aboard its passenger and cargo planes bound for regional hotspots, such as Syria, home to Iranian terrorist proxies and murderous regimes. The Obama Administration was absolutely wrong to drop these sanctions in connection with the nuclear deal because this support has little or nothing to do with Iran’s nuclear program. On the contrary, much of this activity is related to Iran’s sponsorship of terrorism—for which the United States still imposes sanctions on Iran. It is long past time for the Administration to stop accommodating this genocidal regime and rather hold it to account. Just last week the IAEA reported that Iran had for the second time this year exceeded its quota for heavy water as stipulated in the nuclear deal. But instead of calling this violation what it is, the Obama Administration chose to sweep it under the rug. Such passivity in the face of Iranian violations only emboldens the regime to see what more it can get away with. This is a dangerous game to play when the consequences are so grave for our national security and that of our close ally Israel. The Administration’s nuclear deal with Iran itself contained far too many major concessions: it recognized Iran’s right to enrichment, despite longstanding United States policy against such recognition, and settled for a weak inspections regime that is anything but ‘‘anytime, anywhere.’’ We must act again today to put a stop to the concessions. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to pass this urgent measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 PRINTED IN PART A OF HOUSE  
REPORT 114 –818 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA OF  
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No U.S. Financing for Iran Act’’. Page 1, line 7, strike ‘‘that is ordinarily incident to’’ and insert ‘‘in connection with’’. Page 4, after line 3, insert the following: TITLE III—SUNSET 
This Act and the amendment made by this Act shall cease to be effective on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President certifies to Congress that the Government of Iran has ceased providing support for acts of international terrorism. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 921, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, at this point my amendment adds a short title and clarifies the nature of prohibited Iranian transactions. The amendment also provides for a sunset of the bill’s provision upon presidential certification that Iran has ceased support of international terrorism. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment and the underlying bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HECK of Washington. The key change made by this amendment is to strike the phrase ‘‘ordinarily incident to’’ and insert ‘‘in connection with.’’ One is a term of art commonly used by the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC. Companies doing business with an OFAC license know what that means. In connection with is a much broader term, not clearly defined, Mr. Speaker, and if this amendment were to pass, exactly how attenuated of a connection would be impermissible? Crickets, because we don’t know. I believe the chilling effect of this language would go far beyond the purported intent of this legislation. And let there be no confusion what the intent is, which is to block a single legal, fully compliant, and scandalfree business transaction that supports both our national security and American manufacturing. If this bill became law, we would be less safe. The U.S. specifically committed in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or the Iran Deal, as we refer to it, to allow the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, as well as the provision of associated services. Associated services is specifically defined in the relevant section of the agreement to include financial services of the kind U.S. banks would be specifically blocked from providing under this bill. Well, it is hard to think of anything that would be a clearer violation of our own commitments under the JCPOA, an action that would give Iran a meaningful reason to walk away from the whole thing, making us less safe. It is a clear, blackandwhite violation of the JCPOA. And what is our plan B if Congress provokes the collapse of this agreement? Crickets. We don’t have one. Think of how much went into the successful negotiation of the agreement. We had to convince a lot of countries, with whom we don’t often always agree, to maintain a united front for U.N. sanctions to be effective. If we choose to burn down the JCPOA, which this will do, entirely of our own volition, are my colleagues under any illusion that we could simply go back to our partners, not to mention Iran, and say with a straight face: Well, let’s start over. And why wouldn’t Iran just happily revel in the unraveling of the mighty international coalition which brought them to the table and go back to building up its nuclear program again? Again, crickets, because they would be likely to. So let’s be clear. Yes, we continue to have numerous and serious differences with Iran. But as we counter their destabilizing behavior in other parts of the Middle East, I know I sleep better at night knowing that the Iran deal prevents them from obtaining a nuclear bomb with which to set off either a regional arms race or threaten our allies with nuclear blackmail. And frankly, if Iran is going to get new planes—and nothing in this bill will stop them, the choice is really not whether it is going to be Boeing or Airbus—I sleep better at night knowing that you have got American eyes on that plane in the form of the aftersale services for parts repair and American hands doing the maintenance to guard against the diversion from legitimate civil aviation use. It keeps us more safe if these are Americanmade planes. But even if we ignore all the compelling evidence that this bill will make us less safe, this bill fails spectacularly at preventing Iran from buying airplanes. In fact, I am certain it would hurt our own aerospace industry way more than it would hurt Iran. It is easy for foreign companies to get around this bill. They easily go to nonU.S. banks for financing. But American companies don’t have that option to cut out U.S. banks entirely, unless you prefer that the proceeds from a sale be kept offshore, that American workers and communities 
never see a dime of reinvestment, and the more than 100,000 jobs this transaction could support go to other countries. This bill is also an attack on a key pillar of support for our exporters, including the aerospace exporters, namely, the ExIm Bank. Despite the fact that the ExIm Bank already has a policy against this, despite the fact that there is law against this, despite the fact that the ExIm has said they won’t do this, and despite the fact that the seller, Boeing, has said in writing they won’t do this. This isn’t belts and suspenders. This is stapling your pants to your flesh. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this bill that undermines foundational elements of our national and economic security, and, in so doing, I too am reminded of what President Reagan once said: ‘‘It’s not what you don’t know that bothers me, it’s what you think you know that ain’t so.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Washington, who has been a big proponent of the ExportImport Bank and a particular company that he was alluding to and talking about, knows, though, that this bill would apply to any aircraft that the Treasury authorizes for Iran. That includes the 17 Airbus planes for Iran Air. And he brought up, actually, offshore profits. Well, according to Bloomberg, Boeing has $800 million—$800 million in profits stashed offshore; and the reports are that Boeing is pursuing these deals with the Japanese bank already, not a U.S. bank. And apparently the company is less worried about this bill and that financing than my friend from Washington is. b1900 So this is simply about saying that Iran does not have direct access to the U.S. financial system. I don’t understand why my friends and colleagues on the other side of the aisle are so freaked out by that. This is simply about making sure that our banking system is not going to finance this deal indirectly or directly and that the use of the ExportImport Bank would be prohibited. This amendment says it is a sunset to this bill upon Presidential certification that Iran has ceased support of international terrorism—a goal we all have. So if the President can support that and certify that, then this falls away. So we do not say that this deal is not allowed. We simply say that U.S. financial institutions cannot be used for this and that we cannot and will not use the ExportImport Bank—a U.S. taxpayerfunded entity—to do this. At the end of the day, in April of this past year, Secretary Jack Lew told us that there will be no access; and either he misled the United States citizens and this body at that time or they changed their mind. They haven’t told us which, but neither one is acceptable. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. SWALWELL of California. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Swalwell of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5711 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 2, after line 2, insert the following new section: 
The Secretary of the Treasury may not authorize a transaction described under section 101 by a U.S. financial institution if such institution is engaged in business with a foreign entity that has been found by the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, to have engaged in or authorized cyber attacks targeting any election held in the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, this final amendment says plainly that no U.S. business may do business with a country that has used cyber attacks to undermine a U.S. election. So if my colleagues are genuine in believing that Iran is a hopeless adversary, then surely they will join me in believing that Russia, in its efforts to undermine our recent November election, should also be treated as such. This motion is really about the future of two U.S. adversaries: Iran and Russia. Iran, surely a bad actor over the last few decades, has finally in the last couple of years come to the international table and struck an agreement with the United States and many of our allies to make sure that we take it from being a country that is 3 months away from having a nuclear weapon to 1 year away. They continue to sponsor terrorism across the world. But today, better than ever before, we have eyes, ears, and checks and balances on them that we have never had. By the way, we can address all of their bad behavior with them being much farther away from having a nuclear weapon than they were before the Iran nuclear agreement. Russia, however, continues to wreak chaos in the Middle East supporting Syria and its brutal dictator Assad. Russia brought down a commercial airliner over Ukraine and has further incurred into Ukraine taking over Crimea. Russia continues to attack and escalate hostilities with U.S. personnel at our embassy in Moscow. Now the standard bearer for the Republican Party, Presidentelect Trump, has chosen to embrace Russia and take the United States on a new tack. So the question today is: If you believe Iran is hopeless, then do you believe that we should also make sure no U.S. business does business with a country that is trying to undermine our elections? I want to go through some of that evidence. On October 7 of this year, Director of National Intelligence Clapper said that the intelligence community is confident that the Russian Government directed cyber attacks aimed at disrupting our November elections. Why would Russia do this? Russia clearly had a favored candidate in this race in Presidentelect Trump. Russia has been successful. This amendment says that you cannot do business with any country that is trying to influence our elections. This amendment says that if you think Iran is a bad actor, then you have to treat Iran the same way you treat Russia. This amendment says that if you think the U.S. should allow businesses to do business with a country trying to undermine our elections, to undermine the will of our constituents, then you should vote against this amendment. If you are with Russia, then you should be against this motion. However, if you believe that we are closer to preventing Iran from having a nuclear weapon than we were a year ago, and if you believe that it is better for a U.S. manufacturer to provide commercial airliners to Iran and create U.S. jobs and have eyes and ears on what is going on over there, then you should be for this motion. But if you want our elections to be free and fair from outside influence, then vote for this motion. If you want to stand with Russia, then you should vote against this motion. So I ask my colleagues on the other side: Are you going to embrace the new U.S. foreign policy that your standard bearer has proposed, that we are going to undermine and unravel the agreement that we have struck with Iran and march millions of young men and women back into the Middle East, an area where we have not had major combat operations finally for the first time 
in 15 years? Or do you think that we should treat Iran the same way that we are treating Russia? So I submit that to my colleagues, and I invite them to maybe engage on that question because that is what this motion is about: Do you stand with Russia? Or do you stand with preventing U.S. businesses from doing business with a country that our intelligence community has said has tried to undermine our elections? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Well, America, you just heard a ridiculous strawman choice laid out in front of you. Mr. Speaker, this is not about anything other than selling and financing aircraft sales to Iran. That is what this bill is about. This is what this bill should be about. I will point out to my colleague that there are some pretty major kinetic activities—I believe they are called at this point, which means shooting war— happening in Mosul and other places where our troops are involved. But at the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this motion to recommit. I look forward to working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address concerns that we may have with other foreign governments in the future, and I would request that they vote for the underlying bill, H.R. 5711. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation from the House of Representatives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 16, 2016. Hon. PAULRYAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER , this letter is to inform you that I have sent a letter to California Governor Jerry Brown informing him that I am resigning my position as the United States Representative for the 44th Congressional District of California effective Sunday, December 4, 2016. In November, I was elected by the people of Los Angeles County to serve as County Supervisor for District 4. It has been a privilege to serve the residents of California in the House of Representatives for the last five and a half years. I have worked to build a better future for our state and country. I also want to thank you Mr. Speaker and my colleagues in the House. I have enjoyed working with you and my colleagues during my time in Congress. I look forward to continuing our work together in order to build a better country. Sincerely, JANICE HAHN, Member of Congress. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 16, 2016. Hon. EDMUND G. B ROWN , Governor of California, Sacramento, CA. DEAR GOVERNOR BROWN , in November, I was elected by the residents of Los Angeles County to serve as Supervisor for District 4. I am hereby resigning my position as the United States Representative for the 44th District of California effective Sunday, December 4, 2016. It has been a privilege to serve the residents of California in the House of Representatives for the last five and a half years. I have worked to build a better future for our state and country. I also want to thank you and your administration as well as my colleagues in California’s Congressional delegation. I have enjoyed working with you and them during my time in Congress. I look forward to continuing this important work for the residents of Los Angeles County. Sincerely, JANICE HAHN, Member of Congress. f 
TRADE’S IMPACT ON AMERICAN WORKERS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, we in the industrial Midwest and Great Lakes heartland know firsthand why the Presidential election was so hard fought and close in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Our reasoning has endured a grim reality with a decadeslong economic struggle to produce good jobs with good wages and benefits, but what we have experienced is a continuous outsourcing of millions of jobs to penny wage sweatshops in Mexico, China, Bangladesh, and beyond. To the people of America’s heartland, it feels like jobs are being moved just about everywhere but into the Midwest and Great Lakes. Daily we witness trainloads of imports flooding into our Nation, as closed and protected markets abroad block mutual exchange of exports. America hasn’t had balanced trade accounts for three decades, and workers in those nations struggle to survive on measly wages and without spare cash cannot buy much of what they produce anyway. Meanwhile, pinkslipped U.S. workers have endured a painful toll—annual wages now $7,000 less per year on average in northern Ohio—while the cost of education expenses, health care, and everyday life rise and further squeeze pocketbooks. Please don’t tell us robots took the jobs. This daily reality was the major backdrop to this recent election and deserves closer attention in the coming days. America’s trade policy must result in trade balances, new jobs here, and preferably trade surpluses for our country, not job loss. That policy must be fashioned on the fundamental value of free and fair trade among free people. f 
″NONE OF THE ABOVE’’—THE CURE FOR WHAT AILS US The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, we have gone through a terrible and traumatic experience in the last year called a U.S. Presidential election. I don’t know how many countless people were utterly mortified by this whether or not their chosen candidate won. As it happened, the candidate whom I voted for lost last Tuesday, but I would be foolish if I ignored the fact that people all across America had a miserable, terrible experience with this Presidential election whether or not their candidate won or lost. You ask yourself: How could that be? Why don’t we cherish the opportunity to choose our national leader? How is it that we have been sucked into this negative vortex of hatred and vilification called choosing a President of the United States? It seems utterly imponderable. I was watching Saturday Night Live just a couple days before the election, and the notHillary actor and the not Donald actor could agree on only one thing. This is what they said: ‘‘This whole election has been mean. Don’t you guys feel gross all the time about this?’’ They were speaking to us, not to each other. They were speaking to us, the American people. They are right. It is gross. But the question for us is very simple: Does it really have to be that way? Or could we somehow transform this into what it is supposed to be, an exhilarating jubilee revolving around choosing a leader who will make America a better place? b1915 But you have to understand that we are in a deep, deep hole here. Both major Presidential candidates entered this campaign with deeply negative favorability ratings, so negative they 
were in double digits. For the past 6 months, it has been a commonplace observation that both candidates were the most unpopular candidates in the history of Presidential polling—about as popular as getting a root canal on your birthday. It has been 13 long years since the Gallup Poll indicated that most people in this country thought that the country was heading in the right direction, 13 years; some Republican leadership, some Democratic leadership, and it all ends up the same way. Most people think the country is heading in the wrong direction. And it has been 13 years, not coincidentally, since the majority of Americans thought that Congress was doing a good job and approved of it. In fact, we reached a nadir during the government shutdown: only 16 percent of the country thought we were heading in the right direction, and only 9 percent of the country thought that Congress was doing a good job. I pointed out at the time, standing exactly where I am standing right now, that, according to recent polling, Congress was literally less popular than dog poop. In one election after another, the voters feel completely ignored. Little or no effort is made to explain to them how their lives might be improved by any candidates running for office. It is all just an ad hominem personality driven crapstorm. People feel that they are left to choose between the lesser of two evils. Well, take it from me, the choice between two evils is evil. One sort of commonsense observation when you are left with two major candidates, both of whom are overwhelmingly unpopular, is that part of the problem we face is that almost 80 percent of the people who are in America and eligible to vote had no part in choosing the candidates. So maybe it should come as no surprise that we end up in a situation like this. I did an interesting poll just 3 days before the election, a national poll, and let me show you what I found regarding how these candidates, the nominees of their parties, stacked up against other alternative opponents. Let me show you. Let’s play fantasy politics for a few minutes. If the matchup had been President Obama versus Donald Trump, President Obama would have won by 2 percent of the vote. If the matchup had been Bill Clinton versus Donald Trump, Bill Clinton would have won with 4 percent of the vote. If the matchup had been JOEBIDEN, the Vice President, versus Donald Trump, Biden would have won by 8 percent of the vote. And if the matchup had been BERNIE SANDERSversus Donald Trump, as reported in the Huffington Post recently, BERNIESANDERS would have won by 12 percent of the vote. Note one thing: every single alternative candidate performed better than the actual candidate who was the nominee of my party in these matchups. Also note that you can’t possibly attribute that only to the negativity of the campaign because, frankly, there have been a few hard knocks over the years against Barack Obama and against Bill Clinton and against JOEBIDEN and against B ERNIE SANDERS. Let’s play some more fantasy politics. Let’s look at alternative opponents against Hillary Clinton. Now, bear in mind that, according to the current results, although Hillary Clinton lost the Presidential election, she nevertheless won the popular vote by around 1 percent of the vote, as I speak to you tonight. Let’s take a look at what would have happened if she had been pitted against alternative Republican candidates. Hillary Clinton would have lost to TED CRUZin the popular vote by 4 percent. Hillary Clinton would have lost to George W. Bush by 8 percent. She would have lost to MARCO RUBIO by 10 percent, Mitt Romney by 12 percent, and she would have lost to the Speaker of this House, PAUL RYAN, by 14 percent. Again, note one thing that draws all of these matchups together: the fact that the candidate who actually was the nominee of his party would have done worse against any alternative opponent, and the candidate who would have been the nominee of her party would have done worse against any alternative opponent that was tested here. Let’s continue, just for those who are curious. If neither of the candidates had been nominated by their parties, we would have had some interesting matchups. I will just give you three examples here. I told you already that Senator SANDERS would have defeated Donald Trump by 12 points. He would have defeated TEDCRUZby 10 points, and he would have defeated MARCO RUBIO by 4 points. Interesting matchups all. But here is the thing. The fact is that the great majority of Americans had no choice at all in selecting the candidates who we ended up voting for. We might consider it somehow a good thing that 58 million Americans actually voted in the Presidential primaries, until we consider that 191 million Americans did not. Our grievances as a country and our divisions are massive, deep, intractable, and widely shared. That makes me wonder whether we can declare our independence from a system that constantly and perpetually generates unappealing and, frankly, sometimes appalling alternatives. We can’t go on like this. You know what I am talking about. As Leonard Cohen said, we all feel like our dog just died. We have to change the way that we do politics in America. Now, I am not suggesting that we choose our leaders like the Athenians did. They chose their leaders by lottery. I am not suggesting that we adopt Jonathan Swift’s suggestions, but I agree with him that people are the riches of a nation. And I am not going to suggest sitting it out. I realize the temptation. I have heard so many people say over the years, ‘‘Don’t vote; it only encourages them,’’ but I think that is wrong. What we need is a better political system that actually manifests itself in a positive way and leads to a choice between candidates whom—imagine— we respect, we admire, we look up to as they engage in a battle of ideas and principles, not a battle of personalities and personal attacks. I am also not going to suggest that the answer would be a third party. If there is one thing that is clear, the two parties we have aren’t functioning that well. I am not sure that a third party is likely to make much of a difference. And I don’t think that we are likely to see a messiah running for the third party as a Presidential candidate when one we had this year couldn’t even tell us what ‘‘a leppo’’ was. It is a good thing nobody asked him, ‘‘What’s a henway?’’ The answer is 4 to 6 pounds. I think what is missing, after giving this a great deal of thought for the past week, is something very simple. We Americans desperately need and deserve the right to reject all of the candidates on the ballot. Now, I realize that that is an unusual notion, but I want you to think about it because I am introducing a bill called the None of the Above Act, whereby, if the last line on the ballot, ‘‘none of the above,’’ gets more votes than any candidate does, then ‘‘none of the above’’ actually wins. I am not talking about the Nevada version that we already have where the ‘‘none of the above’’ vote gets ignored. I am talking about ‘‘none of the above’’ winning and forcing a mulligan, a doover. We make them do it over until they get it right and give us candidates whom we want to vote for, someone who we feel will actually do a good job in leadership and make the country a better place. Now, I want you to know that this is not unprecedented. I want you to know that in Communist Poland, ‘‘none of the above,’’ actually crossing the candidate’s name off the ballot, which is a version of ‘‘none of the above,’’ defeated the Prime Minister in 1989. In 1991, 200 candidates for the Soviet Congress of People’s Deputies were defeated the same way. If the end of communism isn’t enough to motivate you for favoring this reform, here are some more benefits: First and most importantly, we eliminate the need, the terrible need, to try to choose between the lesser of two evils. Remember the Louisiana Governor’s race 25 years ago when we were forced to choose in Louisiana between corrupt Edwin Edwards and racist David Duke? Do you remember the bumper stickers that said, ‘‘Vote for the crook. It’s important’’? According to a poll at that time, two thirds of Louisiana voters wished they could have voted for neither, for ‘‘none 
of the above.’’ And they were right. They were right. If primary voters haven’t identified the best candidates for the job—not just decent candidates, but actually the best candidates for the job—the general election voters should be able to wave their fingers and say: Uhuh, no way. I am not going for that until you convince we, the people, that you are the best candidate for the job, and we are going to insist on other choices until we find somebody who is. Now, this will have a wonderful effect, a very important effect, on what we saw drenching us, the tsunami of negative advertising and negative campaigning that we saw on our TV screens and now on our computer screens and even our phones, this incessant drumbeat of negative campaigning. Why? Because both sides will understand that, if you indulge yourself that way, all you are doing is driving down votes below ‘‘none of the above’’ and elevating ‘‘none of the above’’ above your candidate. Let’s replace this terrible malignant notion of vote against him/vote against her with something called vote for me—and here is why. Here is what I will do to improve your life. What am I going to do for you, not what am I going to do to you. Now, in addition to that, I see a big boost in turnout. Last time I checked, which was a few days ago, the total number of votes in the 2016 Presidential election was lower than the total number of votes in the 2012 Presidential election and the 2008 Presidential election and the 2004 Presidential election. As of a few days ago, you had to go all the way back to 2000 to find any national Presidential election where fewer people voted. And here is the really strange thing: back in 2000, we had 40 million fewer Americans. I think there are a lot of people who will show up for the specific purpose of voting for ‘‘none of the above.’’ I think we will see a massive increase in turnout if we simply convey to people the right to reject all the candidates, which is exactly how they feel. In addition to that, we will be keeping elected officials on their toes. Ninety percent of the elected officials in this body, the House of Representatives, face uncompetitive races time after time after time. Twothirds of all the races down the hall in the Senate are uncompetitive. When Members of Congress represent deep red or deep blue districts, they often run unopposed and they win with 100 percent of the socalled vote, which isn’t really a vote at all. So knowing that, no matter what kind of district they are—red, blue, purple—no matter whom they represent, they will be facing ‘‘none of the above’’ on that ballot will put the fear of God in them. We need to do that. We need to make sure that the comfortable here in this room and down the hall aren’t too comfortable, and that even pampered incumbents in gerrymandered districts would have to work diligently to defeat the specter of ‘‘none of the above.’’ b1930 Also, we clearly need to defeat the dictatorship of the primary voters. As I indicated before, 58 million American adults voted in the primary elections, and 191 million did not. What was the result of that? People who were deeply dissatisfied with the choices that they had. Let me show you what I mean. Two days before the Presidential election, I asked in a national poll: How do you feel about those Presidential primary elections? How do you feel about them? Almost 52 percent said they were disappointed. Only 48 percent said that they were pleased. Interestingly enough, that sentiment of disappointment was widely shared. Among Democrats, 38 percent said that they were disappointed. Among Republicans, 53 percent said that they were disappointed. Among Independents, who, in many States, didn’t even have the legal right to vote to choose a Presidential candidate in either party, 69 percent said that they were disappointed. That explains, in part, why we end up with a terrible Hobson’s choice on the ballot. Above all, though, to be able to choose ‘‘none of the above’’ on each Federal ballot would show respect for the voters. In my State—the State of Florida—the Constitution of the State begins with these words: ‘‘All political power is inherent with the people.’’ If you really believe that in your heart— if you believe that the sovereign in this country, the royalty in this country are the people of the United States, the voters—then how can you possibly explain to them why we wouldn’t allow them to reject all of the candidates? This is a practical proposal. I don’t know how many people have noticed this, but we have more than 2 months between the election and when the President is sworn in under the 20th Amendment. We have almost 2 months between the election and when the House of Representatives and the Senate are sworn in here in this building. It is not that difficult to put on a new election within 2 months. I know a lot of people who would favor having elections that take place in less than 2 months instead of approaching 2 years. In fact, it would be a blessed relief. Now, I understand that most people who are elected officials would want to fight against this for their own selfish purposes. In fact, one of the liberating elements is the fact that I will be leaving this body in a couple of months. I will be leaving because I was defeated. I will be leaving this body, and that gives me the freedom to be able to do and say what is right and not what is for my own personal benefit. I will point out that many, many, many people across the country believe that term limits are a good thing and that, somehow or another, term limits have been maneuvered through the Florida legislature and the legislatures of many other States. And, of course, term limits limit the terms of elected officials. In the same sense, if term limits can ever be enacted anywhere, that shows that it is possible to actually put a choice on the ballot like ‘‘none of the above’’ that doesn’t favor any elected official anywhere—ever— but favors, instead, the voters and gives them a right that they should have but that they don’t have. In case you are curious, you may wonder what would have happened a week ago last Tuesday if we had had that choice on the ballot. I know, and I would like to show you. According to my poll, 40 percent of the American people would have voted a week ago last Tuesday for ‘‘none of the above.’’ If you were to delve further into it, you would see, of those 60 percent, 28 percent would have voted for Hillary Clinton; 27 percent would have voted for Donald Trump; 4 percent would have voted for the thirdparty candidate put up by the Libertarians; and 1 percent would have voted for the thirdparty candidate put up by the Green Party. In short, think about what this really means. ‘‘None of the above’’ would have won, and we would have had the choice that human dignity suggests we should have—a choice involving new candidates to decide who rules over this Nation of 300 millionplus people and becomes the leader of the free world—a new set of choices, a better set of candidates, and a brighter future. If we simply can’t stand the candidates we have got, we need new ones. Isn’t that obvious? Think of it as voting with your middle finger. We deserve this choice. As human beings, as Americans—as people who deserve to have full control over our own sovereign fate—we deserve the choice of ‘‘none of the above.’’ Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
A PERILOUS MOMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. COMSTOCK ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, our country is facing a perilous moment. In my district, parents are reassuring frightened children that everything will be all right. That is what parents do. Our job as Members of Congress is to do the best we can to make sure that those reassurances come true. Madam Speaker, I was born and raised in Chicago. In 2000, I voted for the first time in my life. I voted for Barack Obama to serve in this Chamber. While he did not win that election, I was inspired by his message of reform, change, and hope. Throughout his life and career, Barack Obama has always tried to bring people together. 
Even in a highly polarized and tumultuous time, he has always tried to rise above and bridge those divisions and to be a unifying force for good. This is who Barack Obama is. This is who he was at Harvard Law School. This is who he was as a community organizer in Chicago. This is who he was as a State senator, and as our President. Right now, President Obama is discharging his constitutional obligation to orchestrate an orderly transition of power to a new President. I understand and I respect why, under those circumstances, he has chosen to emphasize a message of national unity. I understand and respect why Hillary Clinton, who, despite the painful knowledge that she received more votes than her opponent, is doing the same. But I feel that I have an obligation at this moment, as do many of my colleagues in this House—I have a duty— to tell the truth about Donald Trump. We cannot treat him like any other politician or like any other Republican because he is not. Trump represents something much more dangerous; and while none of us want this to be the case, we have a duty to treat him like the threat that he is—a threat to our values, a threat to our people, and a threat to our national identity. Donald Trump is 70 years old, and it is unrealistic to expect him to change at this moment in time. Donald Trump is a sexual predator who brags about grabbing women without their consent. To date, he has been accused of sexual assault by nearly a dozen women. Donald Trump is a demagogue. His political mentor was Roy Cohn, Senator Joseph McCarthy’s righthand man. No surprise that Donald Trump burst onto the national conservative scene by peddling a racist birther conspiracy, questioning whether President Obama was even an American. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the Presidentelect. Mr. GALLEGO. Duly noted. Donald Trump is a bigot. Even PAUL RYAN called Donald Trump’s words, when attacking a Federal judge of Mexican descent, the ‘‘textbook definition of racism.’’ Donald Trump is a liar. Senator TEDCRUZ called him a pathological liar who is completely amoral to boot. Most of all, Donald Trump is a con artist. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is again reminded to observe the decorum of the House and reminds Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President elect. Mr. GALLEGO. Duly noted. Next month, Donald Trump is going on trial for fraud related to the fake university that bore his name. A series of exposes in The Washington Post have revealed the systematic misuse of funds at the fake charity he established. In Atlantic City, he enriched himself at the expense of creditors, investors, workers, and suppliers while running multiple casinos into bankruptcy. Every one of us in Congress—every single one of us in Congress—knows who Donald Trump is. It does not matter what he says today or what he does tomorrow. His whole life and his whole campaign speak to who he is and to what kind of President he will be for our country. We should be horrified because it is horrifying. The man who boasted, I alone will fix this, will fix nothing. He has broken us apart. Millions of Americans are living in fear because he has threatened them—Muslims, Latinos, African Americans, women, the disabled, the LGBT community, and more. Donald Trump will be our next President. We here in Congress must oppose his agenda. We must oppose his efforts to increase his power. Anything that makes Donald Trump more powerful makes him more dangerous. Look at who Donald Trump is. Look at the life he has led. Look at the campaign he ran. No one should be under any illusions. Never more in my lifetime have we needed strong, aggressive, innovative, strategic leadership from the Democratic Party and the progressive movement that fuels it. Donald Trump will not be an ordinary President. Rather than helping him protect the country, we must protect the country from the new President. Madam Speaker, this is unchartered territory. In the days since his election, Trump has attacked the right to protest. He has attacked The New York Times for its critical coverage. He announced that Steve Bannon, a White nationalist racist, will serve as his senior adviser in his White House. He has committed to deporting 2 to 3 million immigrants immediately. His team has threatened legal action against a Senator who criticized him; and on the campaign trail, he threatened to use the regulatory powers of the Federal Government to retaliate against his critics. Despite his promise to drain the swamp of corruption in Washington, he is stacking his transition team with corporate lobbyists. Trump is preparing to install foxes to watch the people’s henhouse. Last but by no means least, he has refused to engage in any meaningful financial disclosures or to take any steps to effectively mitigate the conflicts of interest inherent in the President of the United States and also being the head of an opaque network of privately held companies. We don’t know who he owes money to, and we don’t know who is paying him. He has installed his children and heirs to manage his company even while they serve as top advisers to his transition. Given everything we know about Donald Trump and everything we don’t know, I was alarmed by the words of senior leaders from both the progressive and centrist wings of the Democratic Party regarding their openness to working with Donald Trump on infrastructure. Under ordinary circumstances, we would welcome a plan to invest in America’s infrastructure even if that plan came from the other side of the aisle—especially if it came from the other side of the aisle. But Donald Trump is not an ordinary politician. He is a con artist. He has refused to give the American people reason to believe that he is not in this to enrich himself. In fact, he has bucked tradition by maintaining his family’s interest in a private corporation. Unfortunately, his infrastructure plan is really a privatization scheme. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair again reminds the gentleman to observe the decorum of the House. Members are to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President elect. Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, duly noted. He is not reaching out. He is reaching his hand into America’s pockets, and we must not let him do it. When President Obama took office, even Americans who didn’t support him celebrated his election and what he said about our country, and we united in wishing him well. Here in Congress, however, Republicans announced that they would not lift a finger to help him lead our country. As Donald Trump takes office, even Americans who did reluctantly cast their votes for him worry about what his election says about our country. And if we are united, it is our fervent hope that he does not govern the way he has campaigned. Here in Congress, however, we cannot afford to give him the benefit of the doubt. We must not lift a finger to help him scam our country. We must, instead, put every effort into stopping him. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 17, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5032. A bill to allow certain property in the town of Louisa, Virginia, to be used for purposes related to compliance with water quality standards, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–829). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
REPORTED BILL SEQUENTIALLY REFERRED Under clause 2 of rule XII, bills and reports were delivered to the Clerk for printing, and bills referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 6324. A bill to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to prohibit the use of funds provided to the Presidentelect and the Vice Presidentelect under such Act for any services or facilities provided by registered lobbyists; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6325. A bill to establish an independent advisory committee to review certain regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6326. A bill to prohibit any new major rule from taking effect until the Secretary of Labor conducts a study to determine the impact of such rule on wages and employment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6327. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Department of Labor be a covered agency for purposes of regulatory flexibility analyses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6328. A bill to establish grant programs to provide for the establishment of a national hate crime hotline and a hate crime information and assistance website, to provide training and education to local law enforcement to prevent hate crimes, and to provide assistance to victims of hate crimes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6329. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow for a refundable credit against tax for costs associated with naturalization; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. ESTY, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. COURTNEY , and Mr. H IMES): H.R. 6330. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a study regarding the suitability and feasibility of establishing the Naugatuck River Valley National Heritage Area in Connecticut, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6331. A bill to authorize Federal agencies to establish prize competitions for innovation or adaptation management development relating to coral reef ecosystems and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself and Mr. TAKANO ): H.R. 6332. A bill to establish grant programs to provide for the establishment of a national hate crime hotline and a hate crime information and assistance website, to provide training and education to local law enforcement to prevent hate crimes, and to provide assistance to victims of hate crimes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. BUCHANAN ): H.R. 6333. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the accreditation of osteopathic residency training programs for purposes of graduate medical education payments under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mrs. BUSTOS ): H.R. 6334. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a grant program to assist eligible entities in carrying out programs to replace lead service lines for schools and solder that is not lead free used in the plumbing for schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. NEAL): H.R. 6335. A bill to amend the nondiscrimination provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to protect older, longer service participants; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HANNA (for himself, Mr. DENT, Mr. KIND, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. MCCAUL, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. KATKO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. LANCE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. GIBSON , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. KILMER , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. N ORTON, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PAYNE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. D ONOVAN, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. MICA, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. REICHERT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. SIRES, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. H UDSON): H. Res. 925. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the vital role the Civil Air Patrol has played, and continues to play, in supporting the homeland security and national defense of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H. Res. 926. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President should award the Presidential Medal of Freedom, posthumously, to Mrs. Henrietta Lacks, in recognition of her invaluable contribution to modern science in the form of her own immortal cellsHeLa cellswithout which lifesaving medicines and procedures would not have been developed at critical moments in our Nation’s history; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H. Res. 927. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the third Wednesday of November as ‘‘Utility Scam Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
304. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 421, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to review the changes to the Federal floodplain management regulations to assess whether exceptions should be made for potential building projects so that applications can be submitted to the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency for review and consideration under the LowIncome Housing Tax Credit program and so that the applications are not at an economic disadvantage; to the Committee on Financial Services. 305. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 183, urging Congress and the President of the United States to enact legislation to ensure that students from the State of New Jersey and throughout the United States have access to debt free higher education at public colleges and universities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 6324. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6325. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution to make all Laws which shall be necessary and propery for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6326. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and propery for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power *** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 6330. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6331. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution (General Welfare Clause), Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (Commerce), and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6332. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6333. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6334. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of 
the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 6335. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 221: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 563: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 592: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 775: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 793: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 814: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 862: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1095: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1151: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 1218: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1763: Mr. LEVIN and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 1855: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 2001: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 2076: Mr. ROHRABACHER and Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 2103: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2293: Mr. PERRY , Mr. M URPHY of Penn sylvania, and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 2759: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2894: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 2962: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3084: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. HECKof Washington. H.R. 3397: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 3516: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 3522: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3648: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3652: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3785: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 3991: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 4151: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. DOLD, and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4247: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 4456: Mrs. BLACK and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 4514: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4585: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 4640: Mr. HIGGINS and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 4646: Ms. LEEand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4682: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4693: Mr. HINOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4718: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4770: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4813: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 4832: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4896: Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 4919: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5009: Mr. VARGAS , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 5073: Ms. HAHN. H.R. 5090: Mr. KIND, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5172: Mr. DENT and Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5205: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Ms. L EE. H.R. 5207: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 5219: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 5235: Ms. BASS, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. AGUILAR and Mrs. C APPS . H.R. 5369: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5418: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 5454: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. ELLISON , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5501: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 5560: Mrs. BEATTY , Mrs. C APPS and Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 5621: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 5635: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5682: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5689: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 5764: Mr. SERRANO and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 5851: Ms. LEE, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5951: Mr. HARPER , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 5980: Mr. KILMER , H.R. 5999: Mr. GIBSON , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C URBELO of Flor ida, Mr. HECKof Washington, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. B OST, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. KIND. H.R. 6020: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia and Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 6025: Mr. MARCHANT and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 6037: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. H IMES, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. K EATING , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. GIBSON . H.R. 6049: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 6067: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 6108: Mr. VALADAO , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 6117: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 6175: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 6211: Mr. KILMER , Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 6213: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 6226: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 6234: Mr. GIBSON , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 6273: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 6277: Mr. LAMBORN . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. MEADOWS . H. Con. Res. 165: Mr. CHAFFETZ , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. HUDSON . H. Res. 268: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 831: Mr. HOLDING . H. Res. 861: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. M CCOLLUM, and Mr. P OEof Texas. H. Res. 918: Ms. NORTON and Mr. P OCAN . H. Res. 922: Ms. CLARKE of New York. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6387 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2016 No. 164 
The Senate met at 2:30 p.m. and was called to order by 