Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, in 1908, the Chicago Cubs won the World Series at West Side Park. To give you a little perspective how long ago that was, in the crowd you could find Civil War veterans. President Taft, however, was not in attendance that day. During the Cubs’ 108year drought, we have had two world wars, put a man on the moon, and survived Y2K. But after a historic sevengame series, I can finally say that my Chicago Cubs are champions once again. I am enormously proud of the Chicago Cubs’ players and coaches, the entire management team, and the Ricketts family for unparalleled determination on the long, long road to a leaguebest regular season and a championship title. Generations of loyal Cubs fans finally got to see their team win the series in what was, arguably, the best baseball game of all time. It was an honor for me to be in the stands that night, and then join millions of Chicagoans in celebrating the longawaited return of the World Series trophy to the friendly confines of Wrigley Field. The city and people of Chicago will be forever grateful to the 2016 Cubs for reminding us that nothing is impossible if you work hard, and never, ever, ever, ever, ever, give up. Go Cubs. f 
A TRUE HERO AMONG US (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a champion in the St. Cloud community, St. Cloud Police Chief Blair Anderson. Chief Anderson recently received the 2016 Community Hero Award from the Light the Legacy organization for his incredible work strengthening the connection between the police force he 
leads and the community that he serves. Blair Anderson has served in law enforcement for the past 20 years. During his years of service, he has encountered many difficult and even dangerous situations. Most notable of these situations was the brutal attacks at the Crossroads Center Mall this past September. The attack at the Crossroads Center Mall truly shook our community to the core, and it was the response of leading community members like Chief Anderson whose unwavering dedication to all of our residents allowed all of us to find peace in our daily lives again. Now, more than ever, our community needs leaders like St. Cloud Police Chief Blair Anderson. It’s a great honor to recognize him here today. 
STOP CLIMATE CHANGE BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, according to his transition team, the Presidentelect’s administration will withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement and scrap the Clean Power Plan because, they claim, it will increase energy bills without any measurable effect on Earth’s climate. This is dangerous, shortsighted, and completely inaccurate. The United States took an important leadership role in making the Paris Agreement happen and should continue to help lead international efforts to combat climate change. The Clean Power Plan is an essential part of the U.S. keeping its end of the bargain. If the Presidentelect’s administration follows through on its plans to abandon our commitments, the United States and the world will continue to suffer from increasing sea level rise, more frequent and intense natural disasters like Superstorm Sandy, and longer periods of drought, as well as other effects. What it won’t do is save coal country jobs, something that the top Senate Republican pretty much admitted last week. As President Obama said, the Presidentelect’s administration should carry on the tradition of honoring our international agreements, and I urge him and his team to continue the efforts begun by President Obama to stop climate change before it is too late. 
FOREST PARK ELEMENTARY SCHOOL (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Forest Park Elementary School for over 100 years of success in central Arkansas. Built in 1913, Forest Park offers a variety of educational clubs and experiences that support life skills and encourage teamwork, good sportsmanship and academic growth. I loved my elementary school years at Forest Park, and I am happy that my children enjoyed a fine experience in those halls as well. Located in the heart of Little Rock, Forest Park is led by Principal Theresa CourtneyKetcher and serves 460 students in preK through fifth grade. During the 2013–2014 school year, Forest Park was recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence by the U.S. Department of Education. This school is consistently a top ranked elementary school in Arkansas. I would like to extend my congratulations to Principal CourtneyKetcher, Forest Park Elementary and its faculty, and wish it much continued success in the generations to come. f 
POLL: AMERICANS SEE LIBERAL MEDIA BIAS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, these last few months have demonstrated how far the national media will go to promote a liberal agenda. Polls continue to show Americans’ trust in the media is at an alltime low. Instead of providing objective and fair coverage of the news, the media provided onesided stories that further damaged their credibility. A recent Suffolk University/USA Today poll found that, by a nearly 10 to1 ratio, Americans believe that the major newspapers and TV stations favored the Democratic candidate for President over the Republican candidate. Americans of all political affiliations know that the national media strongly leans to the left. Unfortunately, it has leaned too far for too long and has fallen off the credibility cliff. We need to remind the media of their profound obligation to provide the American people with the facts, not tell them what to think. 
AMERICA’S HISTORIC VICTORY AT THE BALLOT BOX (Mr. BABIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Presidentelect Donald Trump, Vice Presidentelect Mike Pence, but most importantly, the American people on a historic victory at the ballot box. Make no mistake, this election was a resounding rejection of the status quo in Washington, a revolution at the ballot box. The American people are sick and tired of open borders, runaway Federal agencies, unconstitutional executive orders, a weak foreign policy, a sluggish economy, and a Federal Government that simply no longer listens to them. Now, under Presidentelect Trump and a Republican Congress, we have the opportunity to change that and achieve bold new steps that will put America on the path to a more secure and prosperous country. I look forward to working closely with the TrumpPence administration to help advance these goals, and a conservative agenda that rebuilds our military, secures our borders, ends the failed ObamaCare experiment, creates jobs, and protects the unborn. Mr. Speaker, the American people have spoken loud and clear, and it is now time that we turn this historic moment into action. f 
REMEMBERING DR. BILL LEHMANN (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, on Veterans Day, I attended Port Aransas High School Veterans Day ceremony honoring Port Aransas veterans. This year’s event was renamed to remember its founder, Dr. Bill Lehmann, who passed away earlier this year at 91. During World War II, Dr. Lehmann served in the Army stateside, selling war bonds and working at a POW camp. After the war, he earned his master’s degree and Ph.D. in physics, and began a 30year career in the Air Force Civil Service. He rose quickly in the ranks, becoming director of the Air Force Office of Scientific Research and, later, chief of the Air Force Weapons Laboratory, the first civilian to hold this job. Lehmann focused his energy on community service when he retired in Port Aransas in 1992. He was an active member of the Port Aransas Rotary Club, where he was honored as Rotarian of the Year in 2013. He also founded the annual Veterans Day ceremony at the school in the early nineties, growing it from a small event to a gymnasium full of people packed with hundreds of veterans, students, and community members. Dr. Lehmann created a fantastic legacy that will impact the Port Aransas community for years to come. To Dr. Lehmann and his family, and to all veterans, thank you for your service, and God bless you all. 
b1215 APPLAUDING 2016 WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONS, THE CHICAGO CUBS (Mr. LAHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the 2016 World Series champions, the Chicago Cubs, and to congratulate backtoback World Series MVP, Ben Zobrist. As the switchhitting, utility player for the Cubs, Zobrist played a crucial role in bringing his team to victory. At 
the top of the 10th inning in Game 7 of the World Series, Zobrist roped an RBI double giving the Cubs the decisive run in the 8–7 victory that won their team its first World Series championship since 1908. Ben Zobrist is a native of Eureka, Illinois, located in my congressional district. The foursport Eureka High School athlete went on to play baseball at Dallas Baptist University before launching his major league career. More admirable than his talent is his character. In Major League Baseball, Zobrist has represented the sport with true midwestern values. Ben is both a devout man of faith and a family man devoted to his wife and three children. Ben Zobrist’s commitment to God, family, and baseball make him not just a hero for his hometown of Eureka, Illinois, but a man that all of America can respect and admire. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 780) urging respect for the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the democratic transition of power in 2016, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 780. I would like to recognize Chairman SMITH and Ranking Member BASS of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee for their continued focus on the continuing crisis in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and I would like to recognize our ranking member, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL , as well, because, Mr. Speaker, Congo is facing a constitutional crisis that is putting lives and regional stability at risk. I have been to the Congo on three occasions, most recently last year, and we have pressed this issue repeatedly, and sadly, Congo, having historically suffered some of the world’s longest and most brutal wars, is all too familiar with violence. Now, while the Congolese people are trying to chart a new path for their country, government leaders are maneuvering to maintain their grip on power in violation of the country’s constitution. Congo’s constitution is very clear— the transfer of power must happen on December 19 of this year and the President is limited there to two terms. But President Kabila—in power now for over 15 years—is stonewalling the election process to get around the constitution. Allowing this crooked plan to proceed without any consequences would set a terrible precedent for democracy and governance throughout the region. President Kabila has shown that he is willing to carry out this plan by any means necessary. Anyone who interferes—opposition figures, human rights leaders, peaceful protesters, civil society, the media—risks arbitrary arrest, and they risk death. More than 50 people were killed in a 2day government crackdown in September. But throughout, the Congolese people have made it clear that they want elections—with the vast majority of Congolese opposed to amending the constitution to allow Mr. Kabila to extend his term. They are determined to express their will at the ballot box. This resolution puts the House on record supporting the Congolese people in their desire for a peaceful political transition. Mr. Speaker, the House is considering this resolution at a very crucial time. If no clear plan is established for a peaceful transition of power in the coming weeks, analysts fear wide scale instability and violence. We are already seeing that instability today, and that is threatening to send the international investment that has recently returned to the country away. The Obama administration has recognized the severity of this crisis, establishing an executive order which targets those DRC leaders who impede the democratic transition with sanctions. This resolution welcomes those sanctions, but also encourages the administration to look at other sanctionable offenses like corruption and money laundering. The political elites in Congo have long pillaged the country’s vast natural resources for their personal enrichment. Putting that wealth at risk might make them think twice about also undermining democracy. That is the kind of leverage that this resolution intends to encourage. Moreover, the resolution recommends that assistance which is nonhumanitarian—we want the humanitarian assistance to continue, but nonhumanitarian assistance could potentially be cut if the Congolese Government does not change course and does not allow democracy to move forward. The U.S. needs to use any and all leverage it has to use this opportunity to push for timely elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, November 15, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing concerning House Resolution 780, urging respect for the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the measure that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the measure so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H. Res. 780 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or a similar measure moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H. Res. 780 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be placed in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 780, urging respect for the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, so that the measure may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H. Res. 780 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, November 15, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H. Res. 780, a resolution urging respect for the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the democratic transition of power in 2016, which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Financial Services. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H. Res. 780 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this resolution so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H. Res. 780 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this 
resolution or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H. Res. 780 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H. Res. 780. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 780, urging respect for the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, so that the measure may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H. Res. 780 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Let me start by thanking our chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ROYCE , for his leadership. I had the good occasion to travel with him to Congo last year, and we pushed very, very hard on the fact that we believe democracy needs to be carried out there. In fact, the President of Congo, who is running for an unprecedented third term, which he is not supposed to do according to their Constitution, opted not to see us because he was angry at the fact that we came to Congo and spoke out so heavily, with one voice I might say, for democratic reforms. That has been the tradition of the Foreign Affairs Committee during the time that Chairman ROYCE has been chairman and I have been ranking member. We speak with one voice on most things, and we are more effective that way. I think that foreign policy, especially, should be bipartisan and partisanship should stop at the water’s edge. So we, personally, the two of us and the colleagues that came with us on the trip, drove that message home to the President of Congo. We met with the Prime Minister, and we didn’t mince our words. So I want to thank Chairman ROYCE  for his leadership. I want to thank the chair and ranking member of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, and Ms. BASSof California for her hard work in bringing this measure to the floor. As I mentioned before, Mr. Speaker, in recent months, protesters in the Democratic Republic of the Congo have faced an increasingly violent crackdown at the hands of armed authorities. These people are protesting, again, the illegal thirdterm grab by the President of Congo. Citizens have been subject to arbitrary arrest, and civil society groups are finding it harder and harder to operate. In just over a month, when President Joseph Kabila’s term expires, I fear that this instability will grow even worse. We want to see democracy thrive and the constitution prevail in the DRC, but we know forces are hard at work to tear that country’s democracy down. This resolution sends a message that the United States is watching this situation closely. Those who try to undermine democracy in the Democratic Republic of the Congo won’t get a free pass from us. This measure calls for U.S. sanctions on core government and opposition officials who hinder democratic processes or stand in the way of progress toward a peaceful democratic transition. It calls for sanctions to remain in place until President Kabila declares that he will abide by the constitution and step down on December 19—until there is verifiable progress toward holding a free and fair election and until the opposition and civil society groups are free to operate without interference. Lastly, this resolution requests that our government support civil society groups and the media so that the DRC citizens and the world have a clear picture of democracy and governance. I am glad to support this timely resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, and author of this resolution. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague, the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ROYCE ; Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL ; and Ms. B ASS, who is the ranking member on the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee, for their strong support for this legislation, H. Res. 780, which seeks to avoid a looming crisis in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, or DRC, by urging respect for the constitution of that country in a peaceful, democratic transition of power. Mr. Speaker, on November 19—just days from now—the DRC was supposed to hold elections for President and the Parliament. However, after stalling on election preparations for more than a year, the government of President Kabila has used a constitutional loophole to extend his rule despite the opposition of not only political opponents but also his country’s citizens. In a recent poll done in partnership with the Congo Research Group at New York University, President Kabila had less than 8 percent support among his people. U.S. officials believe that he has lost even more support in the months since that poll was taken. Mr. Speaker, from 1996 to 2006, more than 3 million people died in the DRC, more than 4 million were internally displaced as a result of internal and regional wars, and significant violence persists in eastern Congo today—a place that I have visited. There are now widespread fears that opposition to the extension of Kabila’s rule will spark demonstrations that will be met by violence by a government determined to maintain its hold on power. We are facing the real danger that the DRC—a nation that borders on nine of its neighbors and which makes vital contributions to the global economy— could be thrown into a level of chaos that will have an adverse impact not just within its borders but far beyond its borders as well. b1230 President Kabila continues to make every effort to maintain power, even sending delegations abroad to mislead foreign governments on his intention to hold elections at the earliest possible date. His emissaries assured us in September that the scheduled 2016 elections could be held in the summer of 2017 as a result of national dialogue. However, Kabila manipulated this dialogue, which was boycotted by the genuine political opposition, civil society, and DRC’s churches. The eventual conclusion, if this can be believed, was that the elections would be held in late 2018, about 2 years from now. However, the constitution, which prevents Kabila from running for a third term or changing the constitution to achieve that goal, will be broken if he manages to extend his rule. Even as he interprets the constitution to allow him to continue in office, the constitution makes no provision for parliament to continue to operate. So when the current DRC Government mandate expires on December 19, President Kabila will rule his country with no restraint and no checks or balances from a legislative body. H. Res. 780 acknowledges the various efforts to frustrate DRC’s constitution and democratic process and calls for the Obama administration to levy targeted sanctions on government officials who have acted to prevent free and fair elections from taking place. The administration has placed some sanctions on some officials, but the pace and scope of sanctions need to match the urgency of the approaching electoral crisis. The leadership of the Foreign Relations Committee, the Africa, Global Health, Global Human 
Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee, and the full Foreign Affairs Committee have sent a letter to President Obama urging him to widen the targets, and we recommended that a couple of weeks ago. Finally, Mr. Speaker, time is running out for our government to make the strongest possible statements to the Kabila government to achieve a peaceful, democratic resolution to the crisis that they face. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), the ranking member of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, let me thank my colleagues—Mr. SMITH, Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. ENGEL —for their leadership on this resolution. I rise in support of H. Res. 780, urging respect for the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in its democratic transition of power in 2016. Simply stated, the resolution calls for the United States’ President to use targeted sanctions to address the blatant disrespect for the people in the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as evidenced by the current President of that country, Joseph Kabila. By supporting this critical resolution, we are helping to support the constitutional rights of the citizens of the DRC. This massive and extraordinarily mineralrich country is home to approximately 80 million people. Were it not for the consistent absence of democratic and economic good governance, this beautiful country would serve more fittingly as the economic center of gravity for subSaharan Africa’s Central Africa region, as opposed to being seen at the center of political impunity, increasing human rights concerns, and predictable intraregional tensions. The violence of the last decade has adversely affected not only the economically dynamic and creative culture of the DRC, but arguably affected those countries in the immediate region, such as South Sudan, the Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, Rwanda, and Burundi. Despite a long history of authoritarian leadership of President Mobutu, a regime, unfortunately, that we supported, we know that the majority of the people of the DRC support a growing and empowered civil society. Over the past year, the country’s expanding civil society successfully orchestrated a series of civic actions in support of constitutionally legislated elections scheduled for this December. For his part, President Kabila has used the past year to attempt, systematically, to undermine the persistent efforts of civil society and opposition parties in support of presidential elections. While President Kabila’s intention is to secure an extension of his presidential term and delay scheduled elections, the purpose of the resolution is to help prevent the impunity demonstrated by President Kabila and some DRC officials. The resolution calls for the President, working with African and European partners, to use Executive Order 13413, as amended, to deny visas, freeze assets of the implicated officials, and monitor economic and security assistance for the country until the election crisis is resolved. H. Res. 780 is a critical piece of legislation drafted to address a crucial situation in the DRC. Once again, I thank the subcommittee chairman, CHRIS SMITH, for his leadership on this issue. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, the situation simmering right now in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is such a good example of why the United States can never retreat from our role on the world stage. This is a situation that doesn’t touch most Americans directly, so why should we be focused on it, some might wonder. Because anytime and anywhere democracy is under threat, it makes the world a little less safe, it makes regions a little less stable, and it makes populations a little more vulnerable. Standing up for democracy in the Democratic Republic of the Congo—or anyplace else, for that matter—isn’t just good for the people of that country, it is good for all of us. It helps advance American values and American interests. We believe in democracy. And it helps when other countries practice what they preach. So when people on the ground are fighting for democracy, demanding transparency of their leaders, and trying to make their societies more open and inclusive, we are going to have their backs, and it is what we should be doing. That is what the U.S. does. That is what our values demand. That is what it means to be the global standard bearer for freedom and democracy. I am glad to support this measure. I again thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership, Mr. SMITH, and Ms. B ASS. I urge all Members to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Representative SMITH for introducing this important measure and for being a longtime champion on African issues. I again want to thank Mr. ELIOT ENGEL for his forceful communication when we were in Congo on that issue. Frankly, we have had the opportunity to talk to Joseph Kabila in the past. He wouldn’t meet with us on this trip, although we were able to meet with the other representatives of the government, as Mr. ENGEL has laid out. But if I could talk to Joseph Kabila, what I would share with him is that we should not forget that Nelson Mandela made that decision himself to step down after a single term—after a single term—despite his immense popularity as President. And far from ending his career, his decision represented a transition toward continentwide public service. He became the mediator in African conflicts. He became a prominent voice on health and other issues. Mr. Speaker, you have seen this as well. I think that President Mandela’s choice to step down just as much as his personal struggle, the personal struggle that Nelson Mandela went through, the combination of those two factors is what allowed him to continue to exert strong moral and diplomatic influence not only in his home country, but across Africa and across the world. If Joseph Kabila would reflect on that by way of example—because, tragically, too many leaders around this globe have failed to heed the wisdom of Nelson Mandela and other staged statesmen of different places and different times, but in this country we go back to George Washington—the result of heeding that, the result of violating the law in one’s country, the result of clinging on to power when the constitution says no and canceling elections when the constitution calls for those elections, is to result in negative consequences not just for the government and the people, but, frankly, negative consequences for their own standing as human beings as well. So there is that possibility for President Kabila to move forward, to do the right thing. That is what we call upon him to do. That is our request. It is not too late for President Kabila and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to change course. This resolution supports those seeking an orderly transfer of power in this important country on the African continent. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 780, ‘‘Urging Respect for the Constitution of the Democratic Republic of Congo in the Democratic Transition of Power in 2016.’’ H. Res. 780 encourages the United States Government to impose sanctions on government officials of the Democratic Republic of Congo who continue to violate the civil rights of the Congolese people. The right to free and fair elections is a crucial element of any democracy. When the right to vote is curtailed, democracy cannot flourish. The constitution of the Democratic Republic of Congo, guarantees to its citizens the right to vote and the right to choose their leaders in a free and open election. The current president of the. DRC, Joseph Kabila, succeeded his father in 2001, following his assassination. The highest court in the nation determined that if elections are delayed then President Kabila could remain in power until elections are held. President Kabila’s term ends in December, and elections were set for November. Unable to constitutionally seek a third term, President Kabila and his officials are delaying 
elections, citing financial problems, as a way to retain power. His decision not to hold elections has led to political turmoil, violence and the death of dozens of people. Human Rights Watch reported that at least 44 people have died during political demonstrations. The Constitution was adopted to avoid the troubling onslaught of violence occurring in the Democratic Republic of Congo, which, in its 56 years since independence, has never experienced a peaceful transition of power. Wherever there is a threat to freedom and democracy, it is the tradition of the United States to assist, to the furthest possible extent, freedom loving people in achieving their democratic aspirations. President Joseph Kabila and other government officials have violated the rights of the Congolese people, and the law of the Democratic Republic of Congo. For these reasons, I support the sanctions taken by the Administration to correct these violations, and I support H. Res. 780. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 780, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
WOMEN, PEACE, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5332) to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participation of women in mediation and negotiations processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5332 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2016. It is H.R. 5332. I want to recognize Representative KRISTI NOEM and Representative J AN SCHAKOWSKY for their bipartisan leadership on this measure and, of course, Ranking Member ENGEL for his important work on it. Earlier this year, the Foreign Affairs Committee held a hearing. This was part of our series on women in foreign affairs, where we heard powerful testimony about the importance of including women in peace processes around the world. We heard from those who had been engaged, including the powerful voice of one who had helped bring about the peace process in Northern Ireland. It may seem obvious that women should have an opportunity to represent their communities as a matter of right—they make up half of the population. And what negotiation, what agreement, can claim to represent women if their participation is barred. Our hearing also emphasized another fact, and that is why women’s participation in peace processes is important if we care about the likelihood of the success of that process. Simply put, when women are at the negotiating table, peace is more likely. Why would that be? Because research shows that a peace agreement is more likely to be reached—in fact, 35 percent more likely to last at least 15 years— when women are involved. When you consider that historically half of all peace agreements fail—and they fail within the first 5 years—women’s involvement becomes imperative. Think about the lives saved and the economies maintained by a 35 percent decrease in repeated conflicts. Mr. Speaker, from Liberia to Northern Ireland, we have watched women play pivotal roles in that effort of reaching out to governments, lobbying governments, impressing the combatants, and pushing politicians to end a conflict. b1245 Women peacemakers often press warring parties to move beyond mere powersharing agreements that benefit only a small percentage of fighters and, instead, shift that ground, debate over a comprehensive and longer term accord, and reach those accords that benefit the full civilian population as a whole. Once an agreement is reached, these women can play a critical role in building support within the communities, and that is why the legislation before us today is so important. This bill recognizes the fact that it is in our 
national interest to promote women’s participation in resolving conflicts globally, and it requires a government wide strategy—an effort—to advance this goal. In 2011, the administration issued a National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security. Recently, it published its update, H.R. 5332. This bill, which is the result of our work and the result of the authors’ work, builds on this effort by requiring specific goals and benchmarks for women’s participation, along with the regular reporting to Congress so as to gauge progress. The bill also requires that appropriate State Department and USAID and Defense Department personnel receive training on how to facilitate women’s participation in conflict resolution, in security initiatives, and in efforts to protect civilians from violence and exploitation. Then it pushes this concept and gets them into the effort to do so. I urge all Members to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, November 2, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 5332, the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2016, as amended, which has been referred to the Committee on Armed Services. I am writing to confirm that, although there are certain provisions in the bill that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services, the committee will forgo action on this bill in order to expedite this legislation for floor consideration. I am glad we agree that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee on Armed Services with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the provisions contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to appoint members of the committee to any conference committee convened to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the committee report on H.R. 5332 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 3, 2016. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 5332, the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5332 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. Again, let me first thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for helping to advance this bill. I thank the bill’s authors: Representative NOEM and Representative SCHAKOWSKY . Representative SCHAKOWSKY , especially, has been focusing for years on the vulnerabilities that face women and girls in conflicts and on the unique role in which women can play in working to build peace. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY has been spending a great deal of her time in representing issues such as the one in this bill. In fact, she was the first one who told me about the bill and what they were doing in terms of putting it together; so I really want to commend her. It has been nearly 5 years, Mr. Speaker, since the Obama administration unveiled the National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security. The idea at the center of the strategy is the importance of women in their helping to prevent and resolve conflicts. Thanks to the administration’s efforts, the U.S. has worked to include women in conflict prevention, negotiation, and resolution. We have promoted efforts to enhance the physical and economic security of women around the world, and we have sought to break through the barriers that have stopped women from being full participants in peace processes. We haven’t taken these steps on a hunch. Research has shown that peace negotiations are more likely to succeed when women have influential positions in the negotiation process. The bill we are considering would make these policies permanent. It would build on what the Obama administration has accomplished by making sure State Department, USAID, and Pentagon personnel are fully trained on the unique strengths that women bring to conflict prevention and resolution. It would also require annual reporting so that Congress can stay apprised of these efforts. I think making this strategy permanent is absolutely imperative. After all, even though the administration and bipartisan leadership in Congress have seen the value of this approach, we have no idea how future administrations and Presidents and Congresses will view women or if they will fully appreciate how women’s participation can make our foreign policies stronger. I am pleased to support this measure, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM), the author of this bill. Mrs. NOEM. I, personally, thank the chairman for considering this important bill, and I thank Representative SCHAKOWSKY for being willing to pursue policies such as this and get them signed into statute. That is the only way we can really be assured that they will continue into the future. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5332, the Women, Peace, and Security Act. I introduced this bill with Representative SCHAKOWSKY to increase and strengthen women’s participation in peace negotiations and in conflict prevention globally. The threats to our national security are troubling, and groups like ISIL are determined to destroy us and our system of values. Russia and China are using economic and military forces to expand their global influences. Middle East instability is raising questions as to how the conflict will impact our global economy and America’s national security. With so much occurring, peace negotiations are ongoing. At least one study showed us that, in conflict resolution processes, a peace agreement is 35 percent more likely to last at least 15 years when women are involved. Women can often encourage healthy choices within the home and can advocate for their children’s education and welfare. Both of these help ensure greater stability by giving young people opportunity outside of conflict. Their roles in the global economy also help raise countries out of poverty. By bringing these perspectives to the negotiating table, different priorities often emerge, which make peace negotiations much more likely to address a conflict’s underlying causes. We have seen this to be true in places like Northern Ireland, Africa, and Asia. With all of this in mind, I introduced the Women, Peace, and Security Act, along with Representative SCHAKOWSKY , and with Chairman R OYCE ’s and Ranking Member ENGEL ’s help. The bipartisan legislation ensures that women have a seat at the table when peace negotiations are ongoing. It makes sure that there is meaningful congressional oversight. This bill builds on existing U.S. initiatives while requiring a focused and longterm strategy with greater congressional oversight. Our legislation will help introduce further accountability. By doing so, I am hopeful that we can provide even greater sustainability outcomes during future conflict resolutions and peace negotiation processes. I thank the Speaker for considering H.R. 5332, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), who has played such a leading role on these issues. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank my colleague for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5332, the Women, Peace, and Security Act. First, I thank my partner in this effort, Congresswoman KRISTI NOEM, for all of her work in making this day come, as well as to thank Chairman ROYCE , who not only spoke so eloquently about the importance of this legislation, but who helped to make it happen today. I thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his leadership in moving this legislation forward. I am so appreciative. This is a bipartisan, budgetneutral bill to encourage the participation of women in creating peace. As Congressman ROYCE said, when women are involved in the peace process, negotiations are more likely to end in lasting agreements. He is right in that the International Peace Institute found that a peace agreement is 35 percent more likely to last for at least 15 years if women participate in drafting the agreement. The study also found that, with a 5 percent increase in women’s political participation, a nation is five times less likely to use violence when faced with international crisis or conflict. Promoting the participation of women abroad is in our country’s strategic interest as it increases stability and economic prosperity. However, women remain underrepresented in conflict prevention, conflict resolution, and postconflict peacebuilding efforts around the world. The Women, Peace, and Security Act is a step toward fixing that imbalance and promoting a more peaceful future. The Women, Peace, and Security Act would, for the very first time, establish women’s participation as a permanent element of U.S. foreign policy under congressional oversight. It would also promote greater transparency and accountability in efforts at the Department of Defense and the Department of State. Under the Women, Peace, and Security Act, those departments would report annually to Congress on efforts to actively recruit women and to promote women’s participation in conflict prevention and resolution. The bill would encourage the United States to assist women mediators and negotiators by eliminating barriers to their equal and secure participation in peace processes. In addition, it would institute comprehensive training modules on the protection, rights, and specific needs of women in conflict and would require the administration to evaluate the impact of U.S. foreign assistance on women’s meaningful political participation. The United States plays such a crucial role in promoting peace all over the world. By making women’s participation in the peace process a national priority, we will improve national and global security. I am proud to join Congresswoman NOEMin championing this legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Once again, I thank Chairman ED ROYCE as well as Representatives N OEM and SCHAKOWSKY for their hard work. This is truly bipartisan and is very good for the country. This is one of these issues that wouldn’t have occurred to many people a generation ago or even a decade ago, but thanks to hard work, research, and innovative thinking, we now know how critical it is that women have a seat at the table when we are working to prevent and resolve conflicts. This bill will help ensure that our foreign policy stays on the cutting edge. I hope, in the future, we will continue to do the hard work that is needed to drive new ideas in foreign policy and to understand the complexities and sensitivities of our interconnected, global landscape. This isn’t kid stuff, and we shouldn’t treat it lightly; so I am grateful for the commitment of my colleagues that has helped move this bill forward. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. From Syria to Afghanistan to Sudan, armed conflicts are raging all over this globe, and efforts to negotiate their ends are more important now than ever. We know that when women are included in these discussions that we are much more likely to see an enduring peace. As a witness at our hearing on women’s participation explained: including women is not only the right thing to do, it is the smart thing to do. The legislation before us today will strengthen U.S. efforts to promote the inclusion of women in peace negotiations in order to create more sustainable agreements and reduce that likelihood that we have seen over and over and over again of a return to conflict. I take this moment to thank Representatives NOEMand S CHAKOWSKY for their bipartisan work on this measure. I also want to mention a few staff members who have not only worked on our series of focusing month after month on empowering women in negotiations, but on issues beyond that— human trafficking. I especially want to thank Jessica Kelch, Janice Kaguyutan, Renee Munasifi, and Elizabeth Cunningham. I thank them all for their efforts throughout the years on these issues. As we close, I really urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5332, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participation of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1538 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ) at 3 o’clock and 38 minutes p.m. 
CAESAR SYRIA CIVILIAN PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5732) to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5732 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
It is the policy of the United States that all diplomatic and coercive economic means should be utilized to compel the government of Bashir alAssad to immediately halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people and actively work towards transition to a democratic government in Syria, existing in peace and security with its neighbors. TITLE I—ADDITIONAL ACTIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO SYRIA 
The sanctions that are required to be imposed under this title are in addition to other similar or related sanctions that are required to be imposed under any other provision of law. TITLE II—AMENDMENTS TO SYRIA HUMAN RIGHTS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2012 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
This Act shall cease to be effective beginning on December 31, 2021. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to enter any extraneous material into the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, first of all, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). He is the ranking member of this committee, but he has also been the leader in authorizing this critical legislation and also has been such a prophetic voice on this subject of Syria policy from the beginning, from that first day when we saw people out, on CNN, out on the streets in Damascus, saying, ‘‘peaceful, peaceful,’’ only to see the automatic weapons of the regime open up on those citizens. From that day forward, he has tried to focus us on this issue. I wish this body and I wish the White House had done more to heed his calls, for what we have now is a grim lesson, a grim lesson in human suffering. The Syrian regime has launched wave after wave after wave of unrelenting destruction, and I am talking about the airstrikes, the chemical weapons, the starvation, the industrialscale torture, and the deliberate targeting, as 
we have seen time and time again, of hospitals and of schools and of marketplaces with precision bombs, and then with crude barrel bombs, and then with chemical weapons. These are the hallmarks of life for millions of people in Syria. The number of dead from this alone exceeds 450,000, and another 14 million souls have been driven from their homes. ISIS plays a role, also, for the people of Syria in the violence that they face there, and so it is that they face this twin challenge. But it is Bashar al Assad and his backers that have this instrument of death from the air, this capacity. It is Russia, it is Iran and Hezbollah who now are the primary drivers of the death and the destruction. It is the Russian and Syrian fighter planes, helicopters, that drop these bombs on these hospitals and schools. It is Hezbollah, and it is the IRGC fighters from Iran and the commanders who besiege cities, who burn the crops and prevent food and water and medical supplies from reaching cities. It is Assad’s secret police and intelligence groups, the intelligence apparatus of maybe 14 different agencies, who kidnap and then torture and then get new names from those they have killed and then go out to repeat that process and murder civilians from every ethnic group and every political party. Whether Sunni or Shia or Christian or Alawite, none are safe. We have gone through, in the committee, some of the—well, there were tens of thousands of photographs, but I think we have identified 11,000 souls, people in these photographs that were individually killed, tortured and killed in the prisons, Assad’s prisons. And there is this bizarre—I have never understood it—this bizarre focus on recording every death. That is why we know the numbers, recording the death and putting a number on that body and cataloging this. For some reason, totalitarian regimes have done this from the Soviet era to the Nazis to Pol Pot; and for whatever reason, this practice continues. The Foreign Affairs Committee heard the agonizing testimony from Syrians caught in this horror, including the brave Syrian defector known to the world now as Caesar and for whom this bill is named, who testified to us of the shocking scale of torture being carried out within the prisons of Syria. It was his job for the regime to document this with his camera. Throughout all of the suffering, the administration has failed to use the tools at its disposal. Time after time, when given the opportunity to take steps to stop this suffering, the administration has decided not to decide; and that, itself, unfortunately, has set a course where here we sit and we watch, and the violence only worsens. Mr. Speaker, America has been sitting back and watching these atrocities for far too long. Vital U.S. national security interests are at stake, and from increased humanitarian aid to serious, increased assistance to the moderate opposition, to safe zones, to the application of U.S. economic power, there are options available. These options are available to us. This particular legislation is designed to increase the cost to Assad and to his outside backers by targeting the sectors of the economy that allow Assad to murder with impunity. b1545 Under the bill, foreign companies and banks will have to choose between doing business with that regime that is carrying out these kinds of practices or with the United States. For there to be peace in Syria, the parties must come together. And as long as Assad and his backers can slaughter the people of Syria with no consequences, there is no hope for peace. Mr. Speaker, this bill is long overdue. I urge all Members to support this legislation as we seek to ease the suffering of the Syrian people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 15, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5732, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5732 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, September 16, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing concerning H.R. 5732, the ‘‘Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016.’’ As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5732 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the legislation. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 15, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5732, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5732 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 16, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H.R. 5732, the ‘‘Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary among others. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 5732 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5732 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect 
to H.R. 5732 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee report and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5732. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, August 1, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 5732, the ‘‘Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 5732 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree not to request a sequential referral on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing formal consideration of H.R. 5732, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 15, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee on HR. 5732, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016, and for agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your declining to pursue a sequential referral in this case does not diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on this bill into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on Ways and Means as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my measure. First of all, as usual, I want to thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for his leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee and for agreeing to bring this bill forward. I am proud to have him as my partner. I am proud to have him as the lead Republican cosponsor of the bill. And more than 80 of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle have joined as cosponsors, putting their support behind this legislation. This is what I said before, this is what we do best on the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Speaker: we advance meaningful legislation with broadbased support. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, as Mr. ROYCE just said, a man known as Caesar sat before the Foreign Affairs Committee and told his story through words and, horrifically, through pictures. He was a photographer who worked for the Assad Government in Syria. The images he captured of the Assad regime’s brutality eventually pushed him to defect to the opposition. His real name wasn’t Caesar. He was in hiding. He wore a mask. We couldn’t see his face. These are images he shared with members of our committee: images of death, torture, and unthinkable, inhuman cruelty. I will never forget what he showed us. We know that what we saw was the smallest fraction of what the Assad regime was inflicting on its own citizens, and we know that violence has gone on unabated for at least 2 years since. Those bodies—those dead bodies—lined up are unbelievable. I will never get it out of my mind. More is needed to jolt this crisis out of its bloody status quo. I welcome the recent decision by the European Union to sanction members of the regime responsible for the brutal air campaign against civilians in Aleppo. We need to look for more ways to work with partners to dial up pressure on Assad and his enablers. This bill would give the administration more tools to do so. It will impose new sanctions on parties that continue to do business with the Assad regime. As Chairman ROYCE said 3, 31⁄2years ago, 4 years ago, I thought that we should have aided the Free Syria Army. They came to us in Washington and begged us for help. They weren’t looking for American troops. They were simply looking for weaponry. I really believe if we had given it to them, the situation in Syria would have been different today. You can’t prove it because it didn’t happen. But all I know is we never would have imagined that now, as we are going into the new year of 2017, Assad still clings to power at the expense of killing millions of his citizens. So we need to look for more ways to work with partners to dial up pressure on Assad and his enablers. This bill would give the administration, as I mentioned, more tools. It would impose new sanctions on parties that continue to do business with the Assad regime. We want to go after the things driving the war machine: money, airplanes, spare parts, oil—the military supply chain. And, yes, we want to go after Assad’s partners in violence. Russia’s air campaign has enabled the Syrian regime, along with Iranian and Hezbollah forces. Russian planes have targeted schools, hospitals, and public spaces. When Syrian helicopters would attack, at least the civilians would hear them coming and have a few minutes to run for cover. President Putin’s planes don’t even give them that chance. Under this legislation, if you are acting as a lifeline to the Assad regime, you risk getting caught up in the net of our sanctions. Mr. Speaker, we marked this bill up in committee several months ago. It was ready to come to the floor before we left for the election. But, at the time, a ceasefire showed a glimmer of hope, and we thought maybe we can wait because maybe the ceasefire would come, but it didn’t. The glimmer has gone out. It is time now, finally, to take a different approach and try to move towards a resolution. When we are on that path, the bill will also help lay the groundwork for addressing the war crimes and the crimes against humanity that have marked this conflict. This bill will guide efforts to put together evidence for an eventual prosecution and would establish a report so that the world knows the names of those responsible for these brutal human rights violations. Once again, I am grateful to Chairman ROYCE for his leadership. He has been a strong and consistent voice on Syria, and I know he wants to see an end to the bloodshed as well. I ask all Members to support my bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ). She chairs the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and my good friend, the ranking member, for bringing forth this important bill to the floor before us today. I rise in strong support of this bill, H.R. 5732, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act, a bill of which I am proud to be an original cosponsor. And I want to thank again our wonderful chairman and esteemed ranking member for always working together in a strong bipartisan manner to bring important issues to the House floor. This bill is no exception. Often lost in the debate on the fight against ISIS or the future of Syria is the humanitarian crisis that has resulted from this conflict that is now in its sixth year with no end in sight. These numbers are horrific. You heard Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL speak of them: hundreds of thousands dead, millions that have fled their homes, and millions more who are in desperate need of assistance. Yet the Assad regime and its patrons in Iran and Russia continue to bring pain and suffering to the people of 
Syria. What is worse is they continue to deny humanitarian assistance to parts of the country. Actions need to be taken, Mr. Speaker, against Assad and his regime, and they need to be taken against those who are providing materiel support to Assad that allows this horrific conflict to continue. Accountability is imperative, and that is what this bill aims to do. Mr. Speaker, this bill builds upon a bill that I authored in 2012 which became law: the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act. It expands the sanctions currently on the books, and it gives the administration the tools to go after those who are responsible for this humanitarian crisis and the ongoing suffering of the people of Syria. I was so pleased to work with Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL to include amendments that I authored into this bill that would determine that denying or hindering access to humanitarian aid is, indeed, a serious human rights violation and, as such, would allow the administration to sanction any individual responsible for doing so. The United Nations Security Council has already passed several resolutions to allow for direct and free access to humanitarian aid. But, Mr. Speaker, as reported in a recent GAO review that I commissioned alongside our esteemed Foreign Affairs colleagues, Congressman TEDDEUTCH , RONDESANTIS , and GERRY CONNOLLY , the Assad regime, between the years 2015 and earlier this year, has denied 100 of the 113 requests from the United Nations to deliver humanitarian aid. This is unconscionable. This must be put to an end immediately. This step, therefore, Mr. Speaker, is a step in that correct direction to bring accountability to Assad and the supporters of this evil regime for the atrocities they have committed or are complicit in. I would urge my colleagues to support this important measure before us, and I would urge the administration to lend its strong support for this bill and use this legislation as an opportunity to fully and vigorously enforce these sanctions in an attempt to put an end to one of the greatest humanitarian tragedies in a generation. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROYCE and Mr. ENGEL . Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) who was an original cosponsor of the bill. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the ranking member, and Chairman ROYCE for their work on this really important piece of legislation. For 5 years—for 5 long years—the world has witnessed this terrible tragedy unfold before our eyes. Nearly half a million Syrians have been killed—not soldiers—men, women, and children killed, 5 million Syrian citizens driven from their own country, 10 million displaced from their homes, often leaving homes that have generation after generation of history, leaving behind their legacy; and atrocities, as we have recounted, the targeting of children, the targeting of hospitals, and the targeting of schools. Clearly, this Congress can and should act, and that is why I am so pleased to be a cosponsor of this and to join my colleagues in supporting this important legislation. This legislation would bring much needed and long overdue accountability to the Assad regime. After all, they are responsible for these horrific crimes. It would do so by imposing sanctions on those responsible and for those who are abetting these coldhearted and merciless acts. It would authorize the Department of State to do what they need to do to assist those entities investigating these terrible war crimes and to hold the Assad regime accountable. It would mandate that the U.S. Government explore every option available to it to address this horrific conflict, to do whatever we can in order to bring it to an end, and to use every tool we have available to us to stand with the Syrian people. Assad must be held accountable for this massacre—the massacre of his own people. It is also important, as we move forward with this legislation, that we pause for a moment to thank those many people who have worked for so long to get this legislation to the floor. I am talking about citizens, particularly a lot of young people who, facing incredible pain, have made it their cause to ensure that this day comes. Let’s not just stand with the Syrian people against Assad but also stand with those who have brought this question to us, and validate and support their exercise of their civic responsibility and their democratic efforts to get this Congress to do the work of the American people. Our principles demand that we support this legislation. This is the American thing to do. We have to act, and I am proud to stand with my colleagues and encourage all my colleagues— Democrats and Republicans—to speak with one voice on this matter and pass this really critical and important humanitarian legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his time, and I thank the chairman for his efforts on this matter. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 5732, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016. This legislation would impose sanctions on those who are responsible for the Syrian humanitarian crisis and on those who hinder or deny humanitarian assistance in Syria by declaring that to be a serious abuse of human rights. I have consistently said that the conflict in Syria is one of the greatest blemishes on human history, and it is imperative that we do more to put an end to it. Bashar alAssad’s regime has committed horrific abuses against civilians in his country by employing widespread torture and other tactics that have shocked the international community. The regime also continues to block aid from reaching parts of Syria in spite of U.N. Security Council resolutions calling for access to humanitarian assistance. This legislation holds not only regime officials accountable but also those who are providing the regime the support it needs to carry out its appalling crimes. b1600 Since 2011, millions have been forced to flee from their homes to escape the brutal violence and unlivable conditions that plague the country. Half a million people have died. I believe that strong action is long overdue. H.R. 5732 is a step forward, and I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of it. I want to thank Representative ENGEL for introducing this important legislation and Chairman ROYCE for all of his work. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs subcommittee responsible not only for Africa, but also for global human rights issues. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague, EDROYCE , the chairman of our committee, for his leadership on all things related to the Syrian crisis, the Iranian crisis, and the large number of hearings that we have had that have brought a focus on these horrific atrocities being committed by Assad. And I want to thank ELIOT ENGEL for sponsoring the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, for more than 5 years, the Assad regime has been committing crimes against humanity and war crimes against civilians, including murder, torture, and rape, and has been doing so on an industrial scale. No one has been spared from its targeting—not even children. These atrocities have fueled the largest refugee crisis since World War II, overwhelming the region and propelling a refugee crisis in Europe. More than 6 million people are also internally displaced inside of Syria, which has become one of the most deadly places in the world to deliver humanitarian assistance. The administration’s response has not stopped the carnage, nor have the European efforts. This has emboldened the regime; and for months the Syrian and Russian militaries have systematically been bombing Aleppo, Syria’s most populous city before the conflict, and they have been bombing it into rubble. The United States must impose the strongest available sanctions on perpetrators in the Syrian regime who are 
Suspension is renowable if the suspension is critical to the continuation of negotiations and attacks against civilians have ceased. On balance, I support H.R. 5732 because it will help alleviate the suffering of the Syrian people. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 5732. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5732, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IRAN SANCTIONS EXTENSION ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6297) to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6297 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Sanctions Extension Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6297. This is to extend the Iran Sanctions Act. I want to thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his assistance in bringing this legislation to the floor. Time is of the essence, as this critical law expires on December 31. Unless Congress acts, as we are doing today, we will not have this on the books. The other body should quickly take up this bill and send it to the President’s desk, keeping a critical tool in place for the future. Mr. Speaker, 20 years ago, a bipartisan majority in Congress passed the Iran Sanctions Act. It was then known as the IranLibya Sanctions Act. The goal was to stop significant foreign investment in Iran’s energy sector, denying the Iranian regime the ability to financially support international terrorism, nuclear proliferation, and, frankly, missile proliferation as well. Since then, this legislation has been reauthorized and expanded on several occasions. After years of bipartisan work in the Congress, the Iran Sanctions Act has served here as the statutory foundation of the Iran sanctions regime. Of course, President Obama developed his nuclear deal with Iran; and in doing so, that dismantles part of that regime. I would just point out that, just last week, we heard that a major European energy firm is close to investing $6 billion in Iran to develop natural gas, which will, in turn, frankly, enrich the regime. b1615 The difficulty is in terms of enforcement. What if—and I would assert ‘‘when’’—Iran is found moving towards a bomb? How will we respond to that? The Obama administration has long said that sanctions on Iran would snap back if this were to happen. For that to happen, we need this legislation because, if the law expires, as the Iran Sanctions Act is set to do at the end of next month, there is nothing to snap back to. The Obama administration has struggled to answer that question. Here is the bottom line: if we let the clock run out on the Iran Sanctions Act, Congress will take away an important tool to keep Tehran in check, and that, in turn, will only further jeopardize America’s national security. I urge all Members to support this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, November 15, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 6297, the ‘‘Iran Sanctions Extension Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 6297 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 6297 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your including a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 6297 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 6297 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, November 15, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act. I agree that your letter in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with response to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or any similar legislation. 
I am happy to forego a sequential referral of the bill in the interest of expediting this legislation for floor consideration. I appreciate you placing a copy of our letter exchange on H.R. 6297 in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. Sincerely, JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, November 15, 2016. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing concerning H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 6297 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 6297 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be placed in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 6297 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, November 15, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H.R. 6297, the ‘‘Iran Sanctions Extension Act,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary among others. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 6297 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 6297 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 6297 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 6297. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 6297 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. Let me again thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for his leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee. I also want to thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle for working together to get this bipartisan bill to the floor. Our foreign affairs legislation and particularly sanctions—we have said this before, but I want to say it again—always work best when there is bipartisan support. Since the Iran nuclear deal was struck more than a year ago, I have consistently said two things: one, I didn’t agree with the deal, but that, once it was in effect, we should try to make it work rather than try to undermine it; two, we should keep looking for ways to hold Iran’s feet to the fire on all of the other bad behavior issues—support for terrorism, ballistic missiles, human rights abuses, and all of those kinds of things. This legislation—I am happy to say— fits the bill. We can provide the administration tools to crack down on Iran and still be fully compliant with our obligations under the nuclear deal. After all, the exact language in this bill is already law on the books. The Iran Sanctions Extension Act is a simple, clean extension of current law. The legislation, which has been reauthorized with large bipartisan support since 1996, demands that Iran abandon its nuclear weapons program, cease its ballistic program, and stop its support for terrorism. All of these remain threats to the United States and to our allies. The current law is set to expire on December 31 of this year. We don’t want to let the Iran Sanctions Act lapse. We don’t want Iran’s leaders to think we have lost focus on their other dangerous activities around the world—that we don’t mind when they launch ballistic missiles that are emblazoned with the words, in Hebrew, ‘‘Israel must be wiped out.’’ They must not think that we will look the other way when they smuggle weapons to the Houthis in Yemen, who, last month, fired two cruise missiles at a U.S. naval destroyer. This is a critical moment in the region. There is no end in sight for Hezbollah’s support for the Assad regime. Iran is sowing instability throughout Yemen, Iraq, Lebanon, and the Gulf; and, more and more, our friends and allies are unsure about the future of America’s resolve. We need to send a clear message that American leadership is a sure thing. We all went to school when we were kids, and we learned about the separation of powers. The legislative branch—this Congress— has an important say and an important role to play, and we will continue to do that. This legislation will provide for an immediate snapback of sanctions should Iran cheat on the nuclear deal. These sanctions must be in place to demonstrate to Iran that there are consequences for noncompliance. In 10 years, when this legislation expires, we will have another discussion. I sincerely hope that, by then, Iran will have acceded to every demand of the international community’s to stop its ballistic missile program and will have 
put an end to its destabilizing activities around the region. In the meantime, hopes won’t safeguard our interests. That is why I support this legislation. That is why we wrote this legislation. I urge my colleagues to do the same in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Before yielding to the gentlewoman, I do want to express this body’s special appreciation for the work of my predecessor’s, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN —our chairman emeritus—because Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ’s foresight and legislative work in prior Congresses, as the author of those measures, is what put into place the statutory sanctions regime upon which we continue to rely; so I thank her for that underlying legislation. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. As always, I thank our esteemed chairman for those wonderful and kind words, and I thank our terrific friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the ranking member. I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for continuing to be great examples of the bipartisan cooperation of which we need so much in this Congress, and I thank the gentlemen for their leadership in bringing this important bill to the floor this afternoon. Mr. Speaker, this has been a priority for the United States Congress but especially to members of our Foreign Affairs Committee, and it has been an issue on which I have worked extensively—and I thank the chairman for his words—alongside so many of my colleagues for over two decades. In 2006, as the chairman pointed out, I authored a bill that expanded sanctions on Iran and that extended the Iran Sanctions Act through 2011. In 2010, I worked with thenForeign Affairs Chairman Howard Berman on yet another comprehensive Iran sanctions bill, which also extended the Iran Sanctions Act through the end of this year. Today, I am so pleased and honored to support Chairman ROYCE ’s effort, guided by Mr. ENGEL ’s as well, to extend the Iran Sanctions Act for another 10 years, which will keep the foundation of sanctions against Iran in place for when Iran violates the nuclear deal. I believe that those violations have already taken place. Earlier this year, we already saw the administration buy heavy water from Iran. Why? Because Iran was producing more heavy water than it was allowed to under the terms of the agreement. Just a few days ago, it was announced that Iran was, once again, over the allowable total of heavy water. We have also found out that there have been secret exemptions for Iran and that, without these exemptions, Iran would not have been in compliance with the JCPOA, which is the initials of the nuclear deal, before the deal went to Implementation Day. That is why, Mr. Speaker, it is absolutely vital that we pass Mr. ROYCE and Mr. ENGEL ’s bill—that we extend these sanctions and that we keep the foundation of our sanctions against Iran in place. We need to keep the regime accountable for its violations of its nuclear deal and for its continued illicit activity. There is absolutely no justification at all for allowing these sanctions to lapse. In fact, everything we have witnessed from the regime this year is a clear indication that we need to be looking at ensuring that all sanctions against Iran are fully and vigorously enforced and even expanded. I urge my colleagues to support this important measure. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), the ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee of our Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member ENGEL . I thank Ranking Member ENGEL and Chairman ROYCE for moving forward with this critical piece of legislation to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act, which I am proud to introduce with the gentlemen. By extending the Iran Sanctions Act for another 10 years, we will cement the law that has, for 20 years, been the backbone of our Iran policy. Congress worked for many years in a bipartisan manner to craft economic sanctions that have brought maximum pressure on the Iran regime. In fact, it has always been Congress that has been at the forefront of sanctions policy. The nuclear deal is in place, and these sanctions provide the teeth when violations occur. Preserving our sanctions law should not be viewed by anyone as undermining the nuclear deal. It is, in fact, exactly the opposite. When the Iran nuclear agreement was negotiated, the entire success of the deal was predicated on the notion that, should Iran violate the deal, sanctions would immediately be snapped back into place. The very real threat of vigorous enforcement of U.S. sanctions is what holds Iran to its international obligations. Now, I was not a supporter of the nuclear deal, but that does not change the fact that the United States is a party to a multilateral agreement that we have an obligation to enforce vigorously. Strong sanctions from the European Union and the United Nations have come because of American leadership. We must continue to exercise that leadership. By living up to our obligations under the deal and by continuing to vigorously enforce the deal, including the willingness to snap back sanctions, we will be able to advance our interests. The Iran Sanctions Act expires in a matter of weeks. The time for action is now. I urge my colleagues to move swiftly to pass this bill and for the Senate to do the same. Even as we enforce the nuclear deal, Mr. Speaker, the United States must continue to lead the international community in confronting Iran’s continued sponsorship of terrorism and its dangerous ballistic missile activity. We must ensure that Iran pays an economic price for endangering the world through its terror proxies, and we must galvanize the international community to bring home American and other foreign citizens whom Iran continues to detain, including my constituent, Bob Levinson. Iran has not lived up to its obligations to return Bob to his family. As we approach Thanksgiving, I plead with my colleagues in the House and I plead with my fellow citizens from around the country to stand with the Levinson family so that this is the last Thanksgiving they celebrate without their husband, their father, and their grandfather sitting beside them at the Thanksgiving table. We need to bring Bob Levinson home. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the bipartisan Iran Sanctions Extension Act. Now is not the time to ease up on the world’s leading sponsor of terrorism. The Iran Sanctions Extension Act is an important piece of legislation that needs to be extended so that we can continue our fine work in this area. I thank Chairman ROYCE for offering this legislation that will extend Iranian sanctions for an additional 10 years. As has been stated, these sanctions will expire at the end of this year if Congress fails to act. It is imperative that we extend the current sanctions regime. This has been in place for quite some time, and this in no way affects the underlying agreement even though I am vigorously opposed to the underlying agreement. Let’s send a message today that, despite what this administration may think regarding the continuation of the agreement, the Congress is united in tough sanctions. We will hold Tehran accountable for its human rights violations, its support of international terrorism, and its testing of illegal ballistic missiles. Sanctions work. Time and time again, U.S. sanctions have been a powerful force on the world stage and have given the U.S. leverage against some of the world’s worst State actors. Let’s not reward provocations that may have occurred already or provocations that may occur in the future. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and keep these sanctions in place. I commend the chairman, the ranking member, and the full committee; and if this legislation passes, I am hopeful that the President will sign it into law. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. ENGEL , and I thank the chairman, Mr. ROYCE , for bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor. I thank them for their efforts on behalf of our country, on behalf of the security of our country, and on behalf of ensuring that tough sanctions stay in place. b1630 Tough sanctions are what brought Iran to the negotiating table, Mr. Speaker, in the first place; and the prospect of a snapback of sanctions is what I hope will keep Iran compliant. Make no mistake: Iran continues to be a bad actor, sponsoring terrorism, contributing to instability in Syria and Iraq, threatening Israel, and suppressing democracy within its own borders. We must continue to ensure that Iran abides by the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. We had differences on its merits, but we had no differences that Iran must comply. No malfeasance ought to be tolerated. Iran’s theocratic leaders continue to threaten Israel and Americans in the region. They continue as well to pursue ballistic missile technology that destabilizes the region, and its regime has held Americans captive for years as bargaining chips in negotiations over its compliance with basic international law and norms. This legislation will ensure that President Obama and his successor will have the full force of sanctions available should Iran violate the nuclear agreement in any way. It is critical that our approach to Iran remain bipartisan. Mr. ROYCE and I have had that discussion; Mr. ENGEL and I have had that discussion. I say again that it is critical that our policy remain bipartisan. Doing so sends a strong signal to our allies—and even more importantly to our adversaries—that we are united in our efforts to stop Iran from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon. Now that this legislation is completed, we need to turn to the critical task of ballistic missile sanctions. And I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to respond appropriately to Iran pursuing ballistic missile capabilities in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions. Again, I reiterate the fact that we work together, Republicans and Democrats, where we have many differences; but on this, we should not have differences because the security of our Nation, the security of the nations of the Middle East, and indeed the global security depends upon it. I thank both Mr. ROYCE and Mr. ENGEL , and I thank my colleagues for working so hard toward this legislation. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). He is chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chair for his sponsorship of the Iran Sanctions Extension Act, H.R. 6297. This is a mustpass measure that would extend for 10 years the Iran Sanctions Act, a critical set of sanctions targeting Iran’s energy sector that would otherwise expire on December 31st. As we all know, the administration lifted the vast majority of the act’s sanctions following the purported implementation of the egregiously flawed Iran nuclear deal in January, but these restrictions on investment in Iran’s nuclear sector would form the backbone of the socalled snapback sanctions that the U.S. could impose in response to Iranian violations of the agreement. Mr. Speaker, let’s not kid ourselves, the Iran nuclear agreement is a mess. There is no anytime/anywhere inspections protocol. Today Iran is massively expanding both the number and the capability of its ballistic missile arsenal. Iran remains the leading state sponsor of terrorism. Now flush with billions of new funding, they are on a weapons procurement frenzy and are acquiring weapons of many kinds, including SAM missiles. There is cheating on a number of fronts. Under the Iranian deal, it is a matter of when, not if, but when will Iran become a nuclear state. This is a minimal policy that will at least snap back and say: when you violate the terms and conditions of the agreement—which I find flawed and many others do as well—that, at least, there is a snapback, and those sanctions will be kicked into place. If they don’t exist, it is not going to happen. So for 20 years, we all know sanctions have played a critical role in mitigating Iran’s destabilizing weapons program and state sponsorship of terrorism. By imposing sanctions on entities anywhere in the world that invested in Iran’s nuclear sector, the Iran Sanctions Act for years targeted a key source of revenue that the Iranian Government used to finance its activities. So again, I think this is an important bill, and I hope that the Senate will take it up quickly after House passage. Again, I thank Chairman ROYCE and ELIOT ENGEL for their leadership. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation. It is the barest minimum that we can do in the face of such a flawed agreement. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), a very valued member of our Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) for their fine work. I rise today in support of H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act. When Congress considered the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action last year, which I supported, we acknowledged that this deal was not a panacea. It was not designed to resolve the myriad issues that undergird the U.S. and our allies in their relationship with the repressive regime in Tehran and its reprehensible support for terrorist insurgencies throughout the region. No one agreement is comprehensive. It wasn’t in the Soviet era, and it isn’t in this era either. The Iran deal is designed to eliminate Iran’s path to developing a nuclear weapon and roll it back in exchange for the lifting of all U.S. nuclearrelated sanctions. Abandoning this deal or reinstating the U.S. nuclearrelated sanctions against Iran would be a dangerous course of action, introducing unnecessary risks into an already fraught relationship and into an already delicately balanced multilateral agreement, especially because the deal is, in fact, working. Iran has met the metrics set forth, rather rigorous metrics, in the reversal of its nuclear development program. However, the scope of the Iran Sanctions Act extends far beyond nuclear related sanctions, as do our points of contention with the Iranian regime. Iran continues to engage in a variety of unacceptable and destabilizing activities, including domestic human rights abuses, supporting terrorist groups in the region, and advancing an illicit ballistic missile program that is of concern, as Mr. HOYER just mentioned. We absolutely can and must continue implementation of the Iran deal while simultaneously extending this act as leverage to combat Iran’s other unconscionable behavior. I want to thank the majority for bringing to the floor a clean reauthorization of the Iran Sanctions Act, which in doing so safeguards a longstanding bipartisan consensus to counter Iran, something I think we need, especially after this election, more than ever before. Again, I commend the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), another very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6297, the bipartisan Iran Sanctions Extension Act. H.R. 6297 will extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, as amended, for an additional 10 years through December 31, 2026. If we fail to act, these sanctions will expire at the end of this year. The Iran Sanctions Act was the first major extraterritorial sanctions on Iran which authorized U.S. penalties against third country firms. It has been an essential part of U.S. sanctions 
aimed at denying Iran the financial means to support terrorist organizations and other armed factions or to further its nuclear and weapons of mass destruction programs. We must confront Iran’s dangerous behavior around the world and actions against its own people by extending the Iran Sanctions Act. Iran’s ballistic missile program and support for terrorism threatens our regional allies, including Israel. Also, Iran’s blatant disregard for human rights and the human rights of its own people and other nationals, including Americans, is horrific and violates wellestablished international standards of human rights. I want to emphasize that the Iran Sanctions Act does not violate the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which remains an important instrument to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability. Rather, this bill maintains the strong sanctions architecture to inhibit Iran from engaging in dangerous activities that are an anathema to international norms. We all recognize the significant challenges that remain in our approach to the Iranian regime. We must continue to condemn and work to end Iran’s support for terrorists throughout the region, including Hamas and Hezbollah. This bill enables us to take these steps to accomplish our national security objectives. It is imperative that we impose sanctions for Iran’s violations regarding support for terrorism, its ballistic missiles program, and human rights. I urge my colleagues to pass the Iran Sanctions Extension Act to maintain the current sanctions architecture and to send a strong bipartisan message that we will continue to hold Iran accountable for any terrorist activity. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I will reserve the right to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. In closing, let me say, with the upcoming transition, we are wading into some uncertain waters when it comes to foreign policy. Congress must do its part to ensure stability and consistency on core, foreign policy issues. There is no better example of that stability than this legislation, which has been on the books for two decades. I thank Chairman ROYCE for bringing it up. I am proud to be the leading cosponsor with him on the bill. I think this again shows the bipartisan nature of our committee and on foreign policy and how foreign policy ought to be done. This bill will help ease the way forward with our own transition. It will remind Iran’s leaders that we still have a lot of contentious issues to deal with; and it will signal to the world that even after a hardfought election here at home and power changing hands, American leadership on the global stage won’t falter. Again, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for moving this legislation so quickly. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote and quick action in the Senate. I hope President Obama will sign this bill and extend this important law. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Mr. ENGEL for his help in bringing this bill to the floor during the 114th Congress. The ranking member and I have been to this floor debating Iran many, many times. For most all of it, we agreed. For some of it, we didn’t. But we never doubted each other’s sincere views or motives and always conducted the debate in the tradition that is befitting of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and this House. Mr. Speaker, since it was first passed 20 years ago, the Iran Sanctions Act has been at the center of the U.S. response to the threat posed by the Iranian regime. Despite the Obama administration’s dangerous nuclear deal, this law remains critical to U.S. efforts to counter the full range of Iran’s malicious activity. This law will expire at the end of the year if Congress does not pass an extension, denying future administrations a critical tool. Its expiration would compound the damage done by the President’s dangerous nuclear deal and send a message that the United States will no longer oppose the destructive role of Iran in the Middle East; and that is why we are acting today to provide clear statutory authority to reimpose or snap back many of the most powerful sanctions on Iran’s energy industry if the regime rushes toward a nuclear weapon. I look forward to putting this bill on the President’s desk for his signature before the end of the 114th Congress and then returning next year to work with Mr. ENGEL , to work with a new administration, to work with all the members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs as the United States and our allies confront the growing aggression of the Iranian regime. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of extending the option of sanctions against Iran by passage of H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extensions Extension Act, which reauthorizes the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 for 10 years. As a Senior Member of the Homeland Security Committee, and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I am very much aware of what is at stake in the work done by President Obama to ensure that Iran does not have the breakout capacity to build a nuclear weapon. Events over this Congress make it clear that Congress should be even more vigilant in providing for the protection of the United States. Congress should be mindful of the: United States’ leadership in the effort to forge an enforceable and verifiable nuclear agreement with Iran; and Deadliness of chemical weapons when they were used during the Syrian conflict against unarmed men, women, and children. H.R. 6297 allows Congress the option to impose sanctions, but does renew the imposition of sanctions. As Congress continues to review the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), which resulted in the significant reduction in Iran’s capabilities to develop a nuclear weapon, we must continue the peaceful and verifiable efforts to cut off Iran’s pathways to a nuclear weapon. President Obama and current and former Secretary of State John Kerry and Hillary Clinton were successful in the pursuit of global sanctions and gained the cooperation of the world, including Russian and China, which was critical in bringing the Iranians to the negotiation table on their nuclear arms program. We should retain in our arsenal the option to impose sanctions so that if necessary the United States can act quickly to coordinate a global response to any threat posed by Iran’s verified breach of the JCPOA. Declaring sanctions for the sake of declaring sanctions against Iran should never be the objective, nor should we forget that the effectiveness of sanctions are their global nature. Under President Obama’s brilliant leadership the United States had the stature around the globe to impose sanctions, and the diplomatic ties to gain global cooperation to expand participation in Iranian sanctions because we could make the case that Iran’s nuclear program posed an international threat to peace and stability. The United States is the world’s foremost authority on radiological weapons grade material detection and source identification. The Department of Homeland Security is leading the effort through its Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (DNDO) to create a Global Nuclear Detection Architecture, which should be aggressively supported with sufficient funding by Congress. Recognizing the threat posed by nuclear and other radioactive materials, DNDO was created by National Security Presidential Directive (NSPD)–43 and Homeland Security Presidential Directive (HSPD)–14 and subsequently codified by Title V of the Security and Accountability For Every (SAFE) Port Act (Pub. L. No. 109–347), which amended the Homeland Security Act of 2002. A key area that the United States has focused its capabilities and resources is blocking the enrichment of radioactive materials for weapons use; and the detection of radioactive materials that would pose a threat to public safety and health. There are several material facts that must be understood about weapons grade radioactive material—each nation’s process for refining nuclear material for use in a weapon is unique. Radioactive material has a unique spectrum range and composition that is akin to signatures that cannot be confused with other sources of radioactive material both natural and manmade. The first essential fact is that having samples and data from Iranian facilities where materials in Iran were produced established the radiological signatures for materials that could have only come from those facilities or from processes that follow the methods used by the Iranian nuclear physicists who developed their program. The United States has those samples and the data needed to identify material from Iranian efforts to purify radiological materials. 
The second essential fact is that radiological material leaves evidence of its presence long after it may have been removed from an area. The physical evidence of centrifuges; storage facilities or weapons themselves are not the only evidence that may convict Iran of violation of the agreement; it can also be the unique Iranian radiation trail left behind during any attempt to refine or purify radiological material for use in a weapon or the transfer of even small quantities of material that is generated or sourced by the Iranians. The third essential fact is that if the Iranians need special centrifuges to refine radiological material to a point that it may be used for a weapon. H.R. 6297, assures that any attempt by the Iranians to cheat by refining more radiological material than is allowed will be detected and Congress would be prepared to impose a sanctions regime. Another significant signal of Iranian violation would be the unique signature of the sound made by centrifuges that are used to purify radiological material make noise. The sound of these massive centrifuges will be detectable many miles away from where they are operated—and the United States has the resources in place in cooperation with allies around the world to detect if enrichment activity is occurring. Operating more centrifuges than is allowed by the agreement would be a actionable sign that Iran is seeking to purify more radioactive material than is allowed by the agreement. This is important to the timeline in calculating the time to breakout—having enough enriched material to use in a weapon. The final essential fact is that the United States has satellite surveillance and ground surveillance capability to detect in great detail activity on the ground. The United States used these resources to identify nuclear arms activity that informed the administration of the severity of the issue and used that evidence to galvanize international support for one of the most successful embargoes in human history. For these reasons, I will join my colleagues in supporting passage of this bipartisan effort to extend by 10 years the period that sanctions may be applied to Iran. I urge you to join me in support of this bill and the excellent work of the Obama Administration in making the world much safer from nuclear threats. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of H.R. 6297—the Iran Sanctions Extension Act. This criticallyneeded legislation will extend for 10 years U.S. sanctions against Iran’s energy sector, which will expire at the end of this year if Congress doesn’t act. These crippling sanctions, in addition to other measures passed by Congress during the last two decades, were the driving force that brought Iran to the negotiating table and ultimately curtailed their nuclear program under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action reached last year between our P5+1 partners and Iran. While there has been much debate over the JCPOA, there should be no question in any one’s mind that it must now be rigorously enforced so that Iran is held accountable for its actions. The measure before us today is fundamental to this effort. In order to ‘snapback’ the sanctions temporarily waived by the Administration under the deal, we must keep in place our sanctions infrastructure. Otherwise it would be much harder to quickly reimpose harsh economic penalties on Iran if they cheat or renege on their commitments. Enforcing the Iran deal, stopping Iran’s destabilizing activities in the region, including ballistic missile testing and funding of terrorist groups, and securing the unconditional release of Americans imprisoned by the Iranian regime, must remain our top priorities going forward. That is why I am grateful to Congressman ROYCE and Congressman E NGEL for working together on a bipartisan basis on today’s measure and for their leadership on these issues. For all of us, this is now a critical and challenging moment. We must come together as lawmakers, put aside partisan differences, and abide by our longstanding bipartisan approach to foreign policy. Our national security and security of our allies in the region depend on it. Thank you and I urge immediate passage of the Iran Sanctions Extension Act. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my continued support for the critical nuclear agreement (the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or JCPOA) forged to keep Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. I believe that agreement remains the best option to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. Keeping Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon is a bipartisan priority, which is why the U.S. must uphold the commitments we made under that deal. According to the evidence before me, Iran has largely fulfilled its obligations including limiting its stockpile of uranium, drastically reducing its operating centrifuges, and removed the core of its Arak reactor. While not perfect, this is one of the most stringent nonproliferation agreements ever negotiated and includes tough verification requirements. The JCPOA has led to real on the ground progress in restricting Iran’s nuclear program, something that our nation never achieved even under the most biting sanctions. Despite any limitations, the agreement is working as intended in the face of many skeptics and naysayers. And we all have a shared interest in helping to continue to foster the fertile ground necessary to support its continued implementation and compliance by both parties. So I will support a ‘‘clean’’ reauthorization of the Iran Sanctions Act authorities even though the President has made clear he has authority under other federal laws (that do not expire) to snap back some sanctions even in the absence of this law. Critically, this bill does not put new obstacles in the way of the U.S. upholding its commitments but intends to essentially reassert the existing status quo. This is unlike other legislation we will consider this week that more directly impact our commitments under the JCPOA. The stakes at play here are very high for our nation and our regional allies including Israel. So rather than wasting time trying to undermine it, we all must continue to work to ensure the long term success of this deal and the goal we all share of keeping Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. We used sanctions to bring Iran to the table, worked with our international partners to secure a strong deal, and now more than ever need to make sure we uphold our end of the bargain. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6297. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the 15 minute vote on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 6297 will be followed by a 5minute vote on suspending the rules and adopting H. Res. 780. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 419, nays 1, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Comstock DeSantis Fitzpatrick Granger Gutie´rrez Hinojosa Lewis McDermott Neugebauer Nugent Pearce Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Westmoreland 
b1707 Mr. SENSENBRENNER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, my card did not register. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 577. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present to vote on H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 577. f 
URGING RESPECT FOR THE CONSTITUTION OF THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 780) urging respect for the constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the democratic transition of power in 2016, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 416, nays 3, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Farr Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanabusa Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aderholt DeSantis Fitzpatrick Granger Gutie´rrez Hinojosa Lewis McDermott Neugebauer Nugent Poe (TX) Ribble Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Westmoreland 
b1715 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WISHING CAMILO FERNANDEZ HAPPY 90TH BIRTHDAY (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to wish my good friend Camilo Fernandez a warm and happy 90th birthday. Like so many Cubans before and after him, Camilo was forced to leave Cuba, his native homeland, because of his deep opposition to the Castro regime. Shortly after arriving in this wonderful country, his new homeland, America, eventually settling in New Jersey, Camilo rose to become a successful businessman and a civil society leader. His legacy of extraordinary perseverance and commitment to those left behind on the island continues to be an inspiration to the thousands of Cubans still in exile today, but he also remains a beacon of hope for a Cuba that will one day be free of the tyranny of the Communist Castro regime. I congratulate my friend Camilo Fernandez on his 90th birthday and vow to continue working together for the establishment of a free and democratic Cuba and with respect for the human rights of all of the people of Cuba. 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Apprenticeship Week. As cochair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, I am proud to be joined by my friend and caucus cochair, Representative G.T. THOMPSON from Pennsylvania, in recognizing this important week. I know he will be speaking in just a minute. I want to thank him for his outstanding leadership on this issue and so many others. Apprenticeships are a proven method of preparing students for indemand jobs. By combining onthejob training with classroom instruction, apprenticeships teach both job skills and how these skills are used in the workplace. Earlier this year, the House passed the Strengthening CTE for the 21st Century Act. This bill expands opportunities for apprenticeships and even allows teachers to gain direct knowledge of workplace skills. G.T. and I were proud to help champion House passage of this bill, which received overwhelming bipartisan support. We now urge the Senate to take up this measure before the end of the year to ensure that all students have access to highquality CTE. It is the exact thing that our economy needs right now. It will close our skills gap, making sure that our workers, our young people, have the skills they need for indemand jobs today and well into the future. f 
HONORING POLICE OFFICER CODY BROTHERSON (Mr. STEWART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, it is with honor but with sadness that I rise today to honor a local hero, 26yearold West Valley Police Officer Cody Brotherson, who was killed last week in the line of duty. On Sunday, November 6, around 3 a.m., police were pursuing three individuals in a stolen vehicle. While Officer Brotherson was placing spikes in an attempt to stop this stolen vehicle, he was hit by the car and, tragically, killed. Not only will he be deeply missed by his parents, two brothers, and loving fiance, but by the entire community. I have had the chance, like many Members of Congress, to go on police ridealongs, and again and again I am impressed with their hard work, their professionalism, and their willingness to put themselves at risk so that they can protect those of us whom they serve. Now more than ever, it is important that we recognize these brave men and women who are willing to serve and to protect our communities. Cody was one of these brave ones who ultimately lost his life protecting us. My prayers go out to the Brotherson family during this extremely difficult time. We will forever be grateful for his and for their sacrifice. 
HONORING FORT WORTH POLYTECHNIC HIGH SCHOOL CHEER TEAM (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Parrots of Polytechnic High School and their cheer team on their future performance at the 90th annual Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. On November 23, squad members will showcase their talent to the millions at home watching this parade in New York and around the country. Out of the many video submissions, the team was selected for their athleticism and enthusiasm. But most importantly, they embodied values fitting of Thanksgiving: a spirit of gratitude and togetherness. While their achievement came as a result of the team’s tireless effort, I also want to thank their head coach, Rayneta Dotson, for her dedication and commitment to the Polytechnic High School cheer team. The entire Fort Worth community is so proud of these exceptional students. I wish them a safe trip to the Big Apple and congratulations on their achievement. f 
b1730 THE UNDOING OF DEMOCRACY IN TURKEY (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the disastrous undoing of democracy in Turkey and, specifically, the targeting and incarceration of those opposed to Turkish President Erdogan’s ruling clique, especially anyone with any association to the Gulen movement as well as ethnic Kurdish leaders. Since an upheaval in July, President Erdogan has used emergency powers to arrest over 37,000 people and dismiss 100,000 other people from their government jobs. Lawmakers, Supreme Court judges, mayors, journalists, and approximately 14,000 doctors and teachers have been arrested or dismissed—many without due process. Newspapers and television channels critical of the Turkish Government have been shut down. Twitter and Facebook are filtered, while Internet connections are systematically interrupted. Human rights in Turkey are under severe attack, and the enemy is the Turkish people’s own government. President Erdogan’s administration is currently brutally oppressing anyone representing the Kurdish people in that country, including the Turkish political party HDP, which is involved in the democratic process. Perhaps the most bizarre is the repression of the Gulen movement in Turkey, and I would suggest that those people dedicated to education, benevolence, and respect for others should not be oppressed but should be looked at as friends of freedom everywhere. 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the second annual National Apprenticeship Week, which commenced yesterday, November 14. This special occasion helps to highlight the value of apprenticeships and educate businesses and individuals about the positive impact they have on our economy. As cochairs of the House Career and Technical Education Caucus, my colleague, JIMLANGEVIN of Rhode Island, 
and I have advocated for a modernized approach to career and technical education programs and apprenticeship opportunities across the United States. As part of our commitment, we worked in conjunction with members of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce to introduce H.R. 5587, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This bipartisan legislation aims to help Americans acquire the skills necessary to compete for highwage, high demand jobs. Notably, the bill encourages stronger publicprivate partnerships, increases opportunities for apprenticeships and credentialing, and strengthens support for academic counseling. H.R. 5587 overwhelmingly passed the House in September, demonstrating the enthusiastic support for career and technical education. I remain dedicated to moving this bill through the legislative process and providing a path forward to those who are looking to better their lives. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BARNARD ‘‘BARNEY’’ KING, III (Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Barney King of Evanston, Illinois. He passed away on November 4 at the age of 73. He is survived by his wife, Peggy; his sister, Leeanne; his children, Tyler, Caroline and Jamie; and grandchildren, John Henry, Harry, Sofia, Wesley, and Stela. I got to know Barney through his children, Caroline and Jamie, and I knew the moment I met him that this was going to be a lifelong friend. Barney was well known in the community for his love of his attire—he was a snappy dresser—and his love of life. He could often be found playing croquet or fishing for muskie, traveling with his family, or playing the drums for the Mustangs party band or playing a game of chance over a few adult beverages. Anyone who ever played with him knew, one tie, all tie. He was also a very generous man, serving as the president of the National Association of General Merchandise Representatives, the president of the Northern Illinois Hockey League, or an area that he encouraged me to get involved in as the president and director of Santa’s Volunteers. Mr. Speaker, our community owes Barney a great debt of gratitude for his service to our community. My thoughts and prayers remain with his family in this difficult time. 
THE ROSE: THE NATIONAL FLORAL EMBLEM OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (Mr. FLEMING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, November 20 of this year marks 30 years since President Ronald Reagan signed a proclamation declaring the rose as the National Floral Emblem of the United States of America. The rose takes its rightful place as one of our Nation’s symbols, along with the American flag, our national motto—In God We Trust— and our national anthem. Based in Shreveport, Louisiana, the American Rose Society promotes the appreciation of the rose and proudly bears the heritage of being the oldest singleplant horticultural society in our country. The American Rose Center’s gardens also display over 65 separate gardens and 20,000 different rosebushes for visitors, enthusiasts, and gardeners to all enjoy. I join the American Rose Society in celebrating this occasion, remembering the words of President Ronald Reagan from 30 years ago: ‘‘The American people have long held a special place in their hearts for roses. Let us continue to cherish them, to honor the love and devotion they represent, and to bestow them on all we love just as God has bestowed them on us.’’ f 
CONGRATULATING GRASS VALLEY SURGERY CENTER (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Grass Valley Surgery Center located in Nevada County in northern California for being recognized as the California Ambulatory Surgery Association’s ACS of the year. This award, which acknowledges the excellent strides that have been made in the areas of engagement, advocacy, quality, education, and community involvement, serves as a testament to the hard work and dedication displayed by the administration, surgeons, physicians, and staff on hand at the Grass Valley Surgery Center. I visited several times the location and had an opportunity to tour the surgery center and learn more about the highquality, costeffective services they provide, including procedures in general surgery, gynecology, orthopedic, pain management, podiatry, and urology. I am very grateful for their presence, as are our constituents in northern California and Grass Valley. This serves as a model of how to make health care more efficient and reach more people in the United States. Congratulations to them on this recognition. 
NATIONAL BIBLE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BRAT). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to come to the House floor tonight to commemorate National Bible Week. We are truly blessed to live in a nation where we are free to worship and read the Holy Scriptures without fear of persecution. There are so many places throughout the world where such freedoms do not exist. In 1941, 75 years ago, mere days before Pearl Harbor, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt declared the week of Thanksgiving to be National Bible Week. Every U.S. President down to today has likewise declared this time of year to be National Bible Week. The National Bible Association, in agreement with the U.S. Conference of Bishops, has designated the specific days of November 13 to 19 as National Bible Week this year. This is the week that we can all agree is National Bible Week, and we can recognize the Bible as a foundational building block of Western civilization, the JudeoChristian heritage, and the legacy that motivated and shaped the founding of the United States. In this hour, we will hear from Members of Congress about why the Bible is important and what it means to them. We are here to recognize National Bible Week. My own experience with the Bible began in 1973, when I was an 18yearold freshman at the University of Kansas. I was approached by some people who asked me if I knew what was in the Bible. I said that I believed I knew what it was all about, however, I had never read any of it for myself. The only honest thing I could do at that point was to read it for myself. When I read the Gospel of John, I ended up discovering a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, who became my Lord and Savior. In that Gospel, He said: I am the way, the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father but through Me. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know where in their spiritual journey people may be who are listening tonight, but I do know this: it is better to read the Bible for oneself and not just to take someone else’s word for what is in it. For me, it made all of the difference in the world. Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate National Bible Week, we remember the importance of faith in both our private and public lives. We recognize the Bible’s powerful message of hope. We cherish the wisdom of the Bible, and we thank God for providing this Holy 
Book that has been truly a lamp unto our feet and a light unto our path. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ) who is a valuable member of the Armed Services and Judiciary Committees. Representative RANDY FORBES will be leaving Congress at the end of this year, and he will be truly and sorely missed. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. LAMBORN for his work in this area and for doing this Special Order. Mr. LAMBORN talked about the impact the Bible had on his life. The Bible began having an impact on my life long before I was born. This little book is over 75 years old. It is called the ‘‘HeartShield Bible.’’ Inside of it, it has my father’s name, and it says: ‘‘From Mother and Daddy.’’ It was given to him when he was 19 years old, just before he left to go fight in World War II. He ended up at Normandy, not with the initial invasion, but a little while after that. Somewhere in Europe—I don’t know where it was—he opened this book and he read it. Now, the theory of this book was it had a gold plate on the front, and it was supposed to be put in your pocket and protect your heart if you were shot. I don’t know that it ever did that, but it changed his heart. He made a promise in those foxholes that if he got back home, he would have his family— which he didn’t have at the time—in church every single Sunday. I know a lot of GIs made promises that they left when they got on the ship to come back. He never did. So that little book that he read not only transformed his life, not only gave him the courage and the faith to get through that war, but it changed his children and his grandchildren, and it continues to change his greatgrandchildren to this day. In my office I always kept a Scripture and something that was offered by Chaplain Peter Marshall on the floor of the Senate on March 18, 1948. It said this: ‘‘Our Father in Heaven, save us from the conceit which refuses to believe that God knows more about government than we do, and the stubbornness that will not seek God’s help. Today we claim Thy promise: ‘If any man lack wisdom, let him ask of God, who giveth to all men liberally and it shall be given to him.’ Thou knowest, Lord, how much we need it. Make us willing to ask for it and eager to have it. In Jesus’ name we pray. Amen.’’ That Scripture from James 1:5 should serve as a guidepost for those in leadership today. Our Nation is on the cusp of great opportunities, but our future, nevertheless, remains fraught with challenges. America is at a crossroads. Each of us must, with humility, seek wisdom and truth as we make decisions in the days ahead. I can think of no single book that offers that wisdom and truth more than the Bible. I thank Mr. LAMBORN again for allowing me to be here. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia. I appreciate the words, the wisdom, and the heartfelt nature of what he just spoke to. I yield to the gentleman from the great State of Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his efforts tonight to call attention to this. Mr. Speaker, I am thankful for the opportunity we are afforded here to speak of the impact of the Bible in our lives as well, and, more importantly, the impact the Bible can have on all lives. I was a young boy when I was encouraged to memorize a simple little verse, John 3:16, which said: ‘‘For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believe in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.’’ When I put my name in that place in the world, it meant everything in the world to me. With Jesus Christ as my savior, it has impacted my life. Mr. Speaker, noted historian, Will Durant, once stated: ‘‘The greatest question of our time is not communism versus individualism, not Europe versus America, and not the East versus the West, it is whether men can live without God.’’ Mr. Speaker, that question, it now appears, will be answered in our own time. b1745 God has left us with a direct message on life and how to live life with God, and that message is the Bible, a book that is, sadly, being pushed out of the mainstream of our country in many ways. Sadly, we are seeing the results in broken homes, dysfunctional societies, upheaval that is going on. Sadly, those results impact us here in government as well. Yes, we can still read the Bible, but freedom to live it out is in question, and I wonder why. Dostoyevsky stated it this way. He said: ‘‘When God is dead, anything is permissible.’’ And Joseph Stalin suggested that ‘‘America is like a healthy body and its resistance is threefold, its patriotism, its morality, its spiritual life . . . If we can undermine these three areas, America will collapse from within.’’ Mr. Speaker, these are sobering statements. The Bible that we honor in a special way today and throughout this week addresses the preceding statements with great clarity when it affirms in Proverbs 14:34: ‘‘Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people.’’ This is why I believe a signer of the Declaration of Independence named Jonathan Whitherspoon declared it this way. He said: ‘‘A republic once equally poised must either preserve its virtue or lose its liberty.’’ Whitherspoon, who was also a minister, made this statement in the context of virtue being defined by God’s truth as contained in the Bible. I am certain that he could have quoted Psalm 1, as it says: ‘‘Blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stands in the path of sinners, nor sits in the seat of the scornful; but his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law he meditates day and night. He shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that brings forth its fruit in its season, whose leaf also shall not wither; and whatever he does shall prosper. The ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff which the wind drives away. Therefore, the ungodly shall not stand in judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous. For the Lord knows the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish.’’ It was words of a psalmist. Plainly, honoring the Bible in one’s life brings success, while rejection of the Biblical truth brings defeat. Mr. Speaker, one of my favorite Bible verses, a verse that means a lot to me as I think at the end of each day and pray and ask certain questions in my own life, is II Timothy 2:15. It says: ‘‘Be diligent to present yourself approved to God as a workman who does not need to be ashamed, accurately handling the word of truth.’’ In that simple, eloquent, little verse, it says in the end what matters. First, is God pleased with your day? Has his work been done well? And, finally, has the Word, the Bible, been used well? If the Bible has been used well by individuals or a nation, we will do well. John Clifford wrote a poem that I will end with today. In that poem he says this: ‘‘Last eve I paused beside the blacksmith’s door, and heard the anvil ring the vesper chime; Then looking in, I saw upon the floor, old hammers, worn with beating years of time. ‘How many anvils have you had,’ said I, ‘to wear and batter all these hammers so?’ ‘Just one,’ said he, and then with twinkling eye, ‘The anvil wears the hammers out, you know.’ And so, I thought, the anvil of God’s Word for ages skeptic blows have beat upon; Yet, though the noise of falling blows was heard, the anvil is unharmed, the hammers gone.’’ Isaiah 40:8 confirms: ‘‘The grass withers, the flower fades, but the Word of our God,’’ the Bible, ‘‘stands forever.’’ Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his words. In a moment, we are going to hear from Representative VIRGINIA FOXX of North Carolina. But let me briefly mention first how the Bible was foundational to the development of our country. Many of the early American settlers came to the New World with the express purpose of following the Bible according to the convictions of their own 
consciences. One of the first acts of Congress during the tumultuous beginning of our Nation was the authorization of an American published Bible. The war with the British had cut off the States’ supply of Bibles from England. Our Founding Fathers understood how important it was for the American people to have Bibles, so in 1782, Congress reviewed, approved, and authorized the first known English language Bible to be printed in America. Throughout American history, many of our great leaders have turned to the Bible for guidance, hope, and faith. President Abraham Lincoln once said of the Bible, in regard to this great book: ‘‘I have but to say, it is the best gift God has given to man. All the good the Savior gave to the world was communicated through this book. But for it we could not know right from wrong. All things most desirable for man’s welfare, here and hereafter, are to be found portrayed in it.’’ And President Ronald Reagan, in his own National Bible Week declaration, which we are celebrating this week, wrote, when he was in office: 
When I took the oath of office, I requested the Bible be open to II Chronicles 7:14, which reads: ‘‘If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from Heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.’’ This passage expresses my hopes for the future of this Nation and the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) for organizing this Special Order tonight. Mr. Speaker, I am rising also to join my colleagues to commemorate the 75th annual celebration of National Bible Week. And I want to thank all of my colleagues for giving us such wonderful history lessons and quotes about how important the Bible has always been to our country, and particularly to the Founders of our country. As I stand here tonight, I am looking straight up at the full face of Moses looking down on us. When I have people in the Chamber, I point out to them that around the top of the Chamber are profiles of ancient lawgivers. The only fullface figure is that of Moses, who looks straight down on the Speaker’s podium. I think that it is so important that people understand that we are a JudeoChristian country and that the Bible, both the Old and New Testament, are so important to us. As we approach this celebration, Mr. Speaker, which is traditionally held during the week of Thanksgiving, it is important to take a moment and reflect on how this Good Book has changed the course of history, stood as a guiding light for the world, shaped our Nation, and inspired countless lives. The Bible is a precious gift from God to his people that teaches us how we ought to relate to our Creator and how to love our fellow human beings during times of turmoil, confusion, and strife. I can think of no more important source of guidance than this deep repository of fundamental and universal truth. It offers us hope when circumstances are dire and is a source of strength when our human frailty brings us low. When we are surrounded by darkness, as the psalmist wrote, the Bible ‘‘is a lamp to our feet and a light to our path.’’ I hope it will be encouraging to the American people to know that there are people in the Capitol who make every effort to live their lives by the precepts of the Bible. We have many Bible studies and prayer groups that meet every week here. In fact, the National Prayer Breakfast grew out of our weekly bipartisan prayer breakfast in both the House and the Senate. I have collected some of the stories told in the House prayer breakfast in a book called ‘‘God Is in the House,’’ which people are telling me is a great inspiration to them. Today, I offer a prayer of gratefulness for this gift of God’s Word and encourage my fellow Americans to dig deep into the Good Book and discover for themselves what riches it has in store for them. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her wellspoken remarks and the heartfelt nature of what she shared. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for leading this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I rise, as have my colleagues, to celebrate one of the most significant and remarkable books in human history—certainly to my life— and that is the Bible. As a servant of Christ and, in fact, a pastor for nearly 30 years, it is my honor to join all of my colleagues this evening in recognizing the importance of the Bible and its incredible impact on my life, on many of our lives, and certainly on the life of our Nation. Mr. Speaker, the Bible speaks to the greatness of God. It speaks that he is the object of true worship, that he is the fount of all blessings, and that he is, in fact, our redeemer, our friend, our savior, and our judge. I don’t even know where to start when it comes to having favorite verses. There are just so many. I read it daily. It is a part of the beginning of every day of my life. But one of those verses that I believe is so appropriate for right now comes from Hebrews 4:12 that really deals with the importance of God’s Word in our lives. It very simply says that the Word of God is alive and active, that it is sharper than any doubleedged sword, that it penetrates even to the dividing of soul and spirit, joints and marrow, and it judges the thoughts and intentions of the heart. I think our country has pretty much always recognized the unseen power of Almighty God as it relates to our fortunes as well as our destiny; and I believe now, more than ever, our Nation would do well to return again to the Bible for guidance in these critical days that we are facing. This week, communities, pastors, churches, and leaders all across America are going to be celebrating National Bible Week. They are going to be reading it. They are going to be reflecting on it. They are going to be talking about, in discussions and so forth, just how the Bible can help each of us lead a better life, frankly, because it points us to personal forgiveness and personal life transformation through faith in Jesus Christ. Mr. Speaker, I believe it is our responsibility as leaders in this country to remind Americans of the significance of the Bible to our individual lives, to our history, to our national life, and certainly to the culture that we have here in America. One of our late Presidents, Theodore Roosevelt, actually did this while he was in a conversation with the son of a very close friend of his who was entering the mission field, and this statement, I believe, just says so much in this regard. He said: I have told you so many times that I consider the Christian ministry as the highest calling in the world, most intimately related to the most exalted life and service here and destiny beyond. 
And I consider it my greatest joy and glory that, occupying a most exalted position in the Nation, I am enabled, simply and sincerely, to preach the practical moralities of the Bible to my fellow countrymen and to hold up Christ as the hope and savior of the world. 
b1800 What a statement by one of our Presidents. Mr. Speaker, I just want to again commend my good friend, DOUG LAMBORN , for holding this Special Order. Obviously, we gain tremendous insight, inspiration, and guidance from the Scriptures. The light of God’s Word shines through us most when we hold fast to these principles and apply them to our daily lives. Again, I thank the gentleman for this opportunity. Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the gentleman from the great State of Georgia for being here, for sharing, and for his background. People come to Congress with all kinds of different backgrounds, and having one or more pastors, which we do here in the body, adds a valuable thread of experience and thought that helps us all. One reason many people respect the Bible is that so many prophecies for telling future events have come true exactly as foretold. In the Old Testament, there are many predictions that were given to prove if a speaker were divinely inspired. If and when these predictions came true, it validated the words of that prophet. The Book of Daniel, for instance, contains scores of detailed prophecies that were literally 
fulfilled. Skeptics have fallen back to the position that Daniel must have been written after the fact and is misrepresenting itself. In fact, Daniel is found in its entirety in the Greeks’ Septuagint and partially in the Dead Sea Scrolls, both of which we know predated the events that were prophesied. The rise and fall of empires, the capture and destruction of cities, and the destiny of kings all were prophesied about in minute detail, and archeology and history have literally confirmed hundreds of such prophecies as having come true. I now yield to a friend, the gentleman from the great State of North Carolina, ROBERT PITTENGER . Mr. PITTENGER. I thank Congressman LAMBORN so much for his leadership on this. What an inspiring evening. Mr. Speaker, as a little boy, I was taught that little song: ‘‘Thy Word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.’’ Now, I am no Cliff Barrows, but I have carried that song with me my whole life. In fact, I do want to make a testament about Cliff Barrows, for he went to be with the Lord today. Cliff Barrows—a great saint who led the crusades for Dr. Billy Graham for nearly 70 years—is now singing praises in Heaven. I was thinking earlier that Cliff will be greeting those tens of thousands of people who come forward, singing just as I am. As we look at the Word of God, we find truth. As we read in John, Chapter 1: ‘‘In the beginning, it was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. The same was in the beginning with God.’’ Now, I didn’t know that Word until November 2, 1969, at 10:30 p.m., on a Sunday night, when I gave my life to Christ. I wasn’t too theological. I just said: ‘‘Lord, I give up. You lead my life.’’ When that happened, I had an insatiable desire to read the Word of God. I would stay up, when I was a senior in college, and I would read the Word of God at midnight and later on into the early morning because it fed my spirit, it fed my soul, and it gave me direction in my life. I didn’t know much about the Bible. I went to church. I guess they drug me to church, for you can still see the heel marks in the ground. I knew a lot about church, but I didn’t know a lot about His Word; so I went out to a place that was the Campus Crusade for Christ. They had a mini seminary for 6 weeks, and I learned more there about the Word of God. I then ended up joining the Campus Crusade and was there for 10 years. I went through a couple of years of seminary classes, but the Word of God is what gave me stability in my life and is what gave me perspective in my knowing that He knew much better about me and my future and had a greater wisdom about my life than I knew and that the best that I could do was partake in His knowledge. The more I knew about Him, the greater my life and the more peaceful my life and the more direction I would have in my life to fulfill His Godgiven mission. So the Word of God is our hope. It is the hope for this country. Frankly, in reality, the more our Nation is right in a vertical path with Him, horizontally, we will be in good shape the more we are consistent with the precepts of His Word. Frankly, George Washington knew that. On one occasion, I was down at Mount Vernon. Many years ago, I was here, working with Dr. and Mrs. Bill Bright as they started the Christian Embassy back in the mid1970s, and we went down to Mount Vernon. In the casing was the Bible that George Washington read from. It was all marked through. He knew the Word of God. He studied it. I have read his diaries. He went every Wednesday night to vespers. He rode on his horse to church every Sunday. He committed himself to knowing the Word of God. That is why he became the great leader that he was. So I thank the gentleman, Mr. LAMBORN , for his leadership, for his heart, for his understanding, for his perspective, and for committing himself to giving honor to the Word of God tonight. Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the gentleman and appreciate his remarks. Let me say something about manuscripts, which are the historical evidence for the text of the Bible. The Bible that we acknowledge during this National Bible Week has come down to us in history through manuscripts that were written centuries or millennia ago. These manuscripts are more numerous by an order of magnitude than any other classical text and go back much closer to the time of origin than any classical text. For instance, the Histories of Herodotus, which, actually, I read recently, are based on eight manuscripts that come about 1,300 years after the original version. By contrast, the New Testament has over 20,000 manuscripts, some of which go back mere decades after the original version. The Dead Sea Scrolls proved that the Hebrew text of the Old Testament, which came down from other sources, is, indeed, accurate and reliable to the letter. I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio, Representative BILLJOHNSON , my friend and colleague. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I, too, want to thank my colleague from Georgia—not from Georgia but from Colorado. I have lived all over the country, so I get confused about where some of my colleagues are from. I thank my colleague from Colorado for doing this this evening. God’s Word has meant so much to me in my life. I can remember being a young boy and being raised on that twowheel, wagonrut mule farm, where every day was a survival day—no indoor plumbing, up before dawn, going to bed way after dark. Every day was a workday except Sunday. I remember going with my grandfather, who was a superintendent of the local church. As a very young boy, he would let me hold onto the rope as he would pull the bell to signal that it was time for the community to come to worship. The rope would swing me up into the rafters, and my grandfather would stand there, making sure I didn’t fall and hurt myself. It was like going to Six Flags for me as a kid. I remember, as a young boy, being exposed to the words in this book when I was in the backroom of that little church, learning for the first time the great stories of the patriarchs and matriarchs of the Scriptures: Abraham, Jacob, Isaac, Moses, King David, the Apostle Paul, and, of course, our Savior Jesus Christ. I went through my life with some of those foundational faith principles that were taught to me at that point. All of my life, I wanted to find out where all of that came from. I had an opportunity to visit the nation of Israel—the Holy Land—in 2014. I thought about that visit before I went, and I thought I would like for this to be more than just an official visit. I would like for it to be personally meaningful; so I prayed about that. I said, ‘‘God, can you let me get something from this visit that I can take back and share that will be revealing?’’ and he did. As I walked in the footsteps of Abraham, across the Hebron valley— when he was taking Isaac to Mount Moriah—and when I stood on the Temple Mount, when I stood in the Garden Tomb, a revelation came to me, and that is the reason that America’s heart is so intertwined with our friends in Israel—it is that our lineage is one and the same. The Scriptures tell us that a little place that is a little southwest of modernday Jerusalem is where God told Jacob: Your name is no longer going to be Jacob, but your name is going to be Israel; and I am going to make a nation come from you, and this shall be your land. It occurred to me at that point that our lineage and the lineage of the nation of Israel is exactly one and the same because, if you go back to our founding documents—to our Declaration of Independence—it claims that our unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness come not from man, not from government, not from Presidents or from legislative bodies, but from our Creator. John Adams said that the Constitution of the United States is a document that is designed to govern a people who live by Christian principles and that it is wholly inadequate for any other. Today, we seem to think that you have to be perfect to experience God’s redemption in your life. I am reminded of First Chronicles, Chapter 4, the story of Jabez. He prayed: O God that You would bless me, indeed, that You would expand my territory, that Your hand would be 
upon me, and that You would keep me from evil that I might not cause pain. We never hear about Jabez at any other time in the Bible, but we know what God said to him. Because Jabez was a righteous man, God answered his prayer. You will notice that the Scriptures didn’t say because Jabez was a perfect man. They said because Jabez was a righteous man—that he had a heart after the Father’s. In America today, we hear about so much of the division and of even division here within the legislative branch—within parties and across party aisles. We sometimes forget that the Bible talks about politics. You will hear oftentimes ‘‘don’t mix religion and politics.’’ The Bible talks about politics. Go read Daniel, Chapter 6. Daniel, Chapter 6 is like a session of Congress. We all know the story. Daniel was an overseer who was appointed by the king. He was selected as a commissioner, one of the leaders of the overseers, like a leader here in the House, perhaps. Some of the people didn’t like how much favor Daniel was getting with the king, and they began to conspire against him. You know the story. They set it up so that Daniel had to be thrown in the lions’ den. We know that God spared Daniel and shut the mouths of the lions, and the conspirators suffered the same fate. They were fed to the lions by the king. Yet we don’t go far enough into that to remember what Daniel did as a politician. You see, Daniel never went to the king and said: Hey, you have abandoned me. You stabbed me in the back. I have been your guy all of this time, and now you are going to throw me to the lions after I have stood up for you all of this time? He never went to his other commissioners and said: I thought you guys were with me. I thought we were all in this together, and now you are conspiring against me. No. What Daniel did was he said: King, I am your guy. I am still going to be your guy, but what I am not going to do is give up my principles upon which I stand—my belief and faith in my God. If you want to throw me in the lions’ den, throw me in the lions’ den. You see, Daniel knew something that we as leaders—that we as a nation— need to get back in touch with, which is that God doesn’t expect us to do His job. Daniel knew he was not the changer; rather, he was the change agent. b1815 We are here for a short time to simply be salt and light. That is our role. Yet, today we get distracted by everything that comes across the news media or the Internet. We believe it to be the truth when this document, this book, is the author of truth. John 8:31–32 says: Jesus said to the Jews that believed in Him, ‘‘ . . . abide in my word and you will truly be my disciples; and you will see the truth, and the truth will set you free.’’ Folks, much of what ails our Nation—much of what ails our Nation could be solved if we would simply get back in touch with our first true love, the true love that is proclaimed in our Declaration of Independence and our Constitution and that our Founders believed in, the author of truth. It is found in this book. Thank you to my colleague for allowing me a few minutes to speak tonight. I have wanted to do this for a long time. God bless you. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative JOHNSON for what he shared. It is truly appropriate for this National Bible Week. I appreciate how he talked about the ties between Christianity and Judaism and the Judeo Christian ethic, which ties it all together and how you observed that during your recent trip to Israel. There are many archeological discoveries which have validated Biblical accounts, giving trustworthiness to the Bible we acknowledge during this National Bible Week. Time and time again, archeology has shown the Biblical personalities, locations, and events actually existed in time and space. Claims by critics that a Biblical statement was simply made up have been debunked by later archeological discoveries more times than we can say. The Jewish archaeologist Nelson Glueck has said: ‘‘It may be stated categorically that no archaeological discovery has ever controverted or contradicted a biblical reference.’’ I now yield time to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). He will talk about this National Bible Week. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), who not only shares the first 13 letters of our combined names, but a deep reverence and recognition of the importance of the Bible in our Christian faith. So I am glad to be able to join you and our other colleagues here in recognizing the 75th anniversary of National Bible Week. The Bible is indeed the living, unerring Word of God. The Founders recognized that, as the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ) alluded to. Indeed, our form of government is more successful when we follow a standard that is separate from ourselves, a standard that lives in a timeless space, beyond what today’s fads are and what today’s feelings or thoughts are. The Bible is unerring in that since it is the Word of God. So it is for us to recognize this and put those words into action. Some might say: Well, why are they talking about the Bible on the House floor? Why are they talking about religion and mixing that in with government? Well, the Founders provided not freedom from religion, but freedom to express our religions, no matter what type it is in this country. Still, this one is based largely on Christianity and the JudeoChristian values we have, but there is the freedom to express other ones as well. In these times, there are those who would try to oppress those with false gods, worship of nature, worship of things, and subdue our abilities to worship as we please. In these times, these oppressions seem to be more and more apparent all the time. Still, we soldier on and we ask God’s guidance and pray for the light to be shown to others on what this is. This is not a judgmental thing. We don’t judge others. God is the judge. We live by a code that is in the Bible or we try to. One important verse, Romans 3:23, says: ‘‘For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.’’ That is why we have to seek Him; we all fall short. It is not judging of one versus the other because they are all in the same lot. So there are many places you can point to in the Bible that has much wisdom. I recommend you read the whole thing. I, at this point, am reading it front to back. I have never really done that before, read it all the way through. I am in Acts right now. In life, when you go to Bible school, Sunday school, or through church, you maybe tend to hop and skip around. But reading the Bible front to back, it really becomes fascinating. Every word in there is in there for a purpose. Even when you are reading through a whole list of names you may have never heard of or hear of again— soandso begot soandso and lived 120 years and then he died and things like that—it may not be apparent in the beginning, but there is an important reason why those words are in there. They are in there to chronicle time, to chronicle who was important in those early days all the way through to the prophesy you find in Revelation, which is very, very important to understand what our future may hold. So some of the things I like to live by: you can find so much in Proverbs, which indeed much of it could be seen as perhaps a book of best practices, tools to use in life. Much of Proverbs is the document laid down by King Solomon to his son, Rehoboam—the best practices in speaking to his son. A portion that I like especially and is a part of what I like to use as a model for conduct in this difficult role we find ourselves in as elected officials in a town full of temptation, full of possible bad choices that we have seen others who have fallen to these bad choices is in Proverbs 4:18–27. It says: ‘‘The path of the righteous is like the morning sun, shining ever brighter till the full light of day. But the work of the wicked is like deep darkness; they do not know what makes them stumble. My son, pay attention to what I say; turn your ear to my words. Do not let them out of your sight, keep them within your heart for they are like life to those who find them and health to one’s whole body. Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it. Keep 
your mouth free of perversity; keep corrupt talk far from your lips. Let your eyes look straight ahead; fix your gaze directly before you. Give careful thought to the paths for your feet and be steadfast in all your ways. Do not turn to the left or the right; keep your feet from evil,’’ which indeed in this business keeping on that right path, do not be drawn into temptation, do not go to the left or the right where evil might be. Best practices are in Proverbs. Indeed it is one of my favorites, but there is so much to be gleaned from reading all the way through the Bible and going back and understanding what that means. This is why smallgroup Bible study is important. Our church leaders who are imbued with this knowledge, you can learn from that and apply that to your life and be successful in your life not only here, but in the very important hereafter. Our Founders were inspired by that. When you take the perfect unerring effect of the Bible and apply that to maybe what is the closest as possible to perfect of something created by man: our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, what came from the Declaration of Independence. They were inspired by Biblical truths. That is why, in this unjudgmental way that we try to live, they are almost perfect documents because they are divinely inspired by the Bible. So as we celebrate the special anniversary this week, know that my colleagues here are indeed wellmeaning in sharing this. From Genesis to Revelation, you will find the truth in there, which is a very profoundly powerful message. I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) for the time and for having this Special Order tonight on this very important and profound week of recognition for our Bible. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for sharing those thoughts with us. The Pacific Ocean all the way to the Atlantic is covered by our speakers today. We had East Coast speakers from Virginia, North Carolina, and Georgia. We had a speaker from Michigan up on the Canadian border. And our next speaker will be from Texas on our southern border. So the entire country is represented. That is fitting because National Bible Week is for the entire country. It is the 75th anniversary of this celebration. So the entire country of America has been blessed throughout history, as we talked about several times already tonight. It is so appropriate that we can have speakers from all over the country. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, this is the 75th anniversary of National Bible Week. Isn’t it interesting that National Bible Week was first proclaimed 2 weeks before World War II broke out? The Nation really rallied and rallied behind Franklin Roosevelt’s call to pray together, the President that went on national radio on Dday and led the Nation in prayer. I am sure if he were to try to do that today if he were alive, then people would be freaking out that the President was leading in prayer like that. There are so many examples from World War II where we could say: Wow, wasn’t that a coincidence? The Germans ran out of gas at just the right time. This German general or commander got confused at just the time they were about to get enough gasoline to refill and refuel and keep the Battle of the Bulge going. There are so many little things. A fellow in Iowa earlier this year had told me that coincidence is what we have when you don’t notice God’s at work. I am still chewing on that. In the first hundred years, about a hundred years after the founding, the U.S. Supreme Court had a case involving Trinity Church. They went through and reviewed all the evidence and declared this is a Christian nation. It didn’t mean everybody in America was a Christian at all. Nobody has to be. They have the freedom to say God doesn’t exist. The freedom that comes from a government based on Biblical word is a freedom that cannot be obtained under any other religious teaching. That is why, when I had a chance to meet Retired General Jay Garner again back in September, I asked him again: What happened? President George W. Bush sent him over into Iraq and asked him to find out what the Iraqi people felt like we should try to give them as a government. Now, I would say let them choose their own government. We shouldn’t be trying to push anything. General Garner did a brilliant job, but he went with some other people— one was a reporter and he had people from the administration with him—and he was told: ‘‘You have got to talk to this direct descendant of Muhammad and see what he says, because people really listen to him being a direct descendant of Muhammad.’’ A black turban also is an indication apparently of being a direct descendant of Muhammad, from what we were told. Then he said: Look, I am going to tell you what I think we need here in Iraq. I will do that in my language, and then I will tell you in English since you are recording everything. And so he spoke for quite some time. And then he said: Okay, in a nutshell, what I have said is basically we need a government that is composed of Iraqis and that it is based on a constitution that Iraqis put together and that constitution is based on the teachings of Jesus. And General Garner, when he got outside, he turned to the reporter and everybody and asked: ‘‘Did you guys all hear that? Did he really—‘‘ They all said ‘‘yes.’’ He said it should be based on the teachings of Jesus. When you think about it, it makes perfect sense. If you base a government on the teachings of anyone else, then ultimately there will not be true freedom in that nation. b1830 This is a New Testament that belonged to my uncle, and it has ‘‘May the Lord be with you.’’ It has this brass plate here on the front, and people were encouraged to put it in their pocket to see if it would save—it apparently saved some lives right over the heart. Inside the flyleaf at the top it says: ‘‘The White House. Washington. As Commander in Chief, I take pleasure in commending the reading of the Bible to all who serve in the Armed Forces of the United States. Throughout the centuries, men of many faiths and diverse origins have found in the Sacred Book words of wisdom, counsel and inspiration. It is a fountain of strength and now, as always, an aid in attaining the highest aspirations of the human soul.’’ It is signed Franklin D. Roosevelt. If you look back at our history, the very first book authorized to be published by the U.S. Congress at government expense was the Bible. You had the Supreme Court in the first 50 years saying: of course the Bible should be taught; it is the best book for teaching our children. And now the government says: really, Christians are a big hate group that we need to worry about, and that their talk of Christianity is actually hate speech, homophobia, and Islamophobia. What these people who have become wise in their own eyes don’t realize is that really this book, this Bible, is about love, that God so loved the world that He gave His Son, and that His Son so loved the world that He gave His life. That is a religion based on love. Jesus went on to say the two great commandments: love God, love each other. After I became a parent and my mother was about to die, and she said her favorite thing was her kids being there with her and loving each other, it made all the sense in the world. This Bible makes sense, from the prophecies Mr. LAMBORN spoke of, when you read Psalm 22—‘‘My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?’’—it is just verse after verse of prophecy of what was fulfilled by only one person in the history of man. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas and all the other speakers who joined us during this hour. It has been really wonderful to recognize and commemorate the 75th anniversary of National Bible Week. I would like to thank the National Bible Association—the other NBA—for offering to provide some historical artifacts, which for logistical reasons we were not actually able to bring here in 
person, ancient Jewish and Protestant and Catholic texts that we could have used as well to read from. I just want to thank each Member here, and I am glad that we have had 75 years of celebrating this wonderful event. It has been a great part of our national heritage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BUCK). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, thank you for the opportunity here to discuss something that we have talked about now for almost 7 years. It is called infrastructure. It is called Make It In America. It is all about American bridges falling down. This is the bridge in Washington State as one approaches the British Columbia boundary, Interstate 5, the interstate that runs from the Canadian border to the Mexican border. And on this particular day, you couldn’t get there because the bridge collapsed. Not unusual. All across America, there are tens of thousands of bridges that are in a state of imminent collapse, downright dangerous. But, hey, we don’t have any other way to get across the river, so take your chances. After all, it is American infrastructure. There was a lot of discussion in the last presidential campaign about infrastructure, a lot of hooting and shouting, and maybe in the months ahead some progress. Last year this Congress, together with the Senate and with President Obama’s signature, passed a 5year surface transportation bill. Good. Very good. However, there’s not even enough money in it to maintain our bridges so that they don’t fall down. So we need to get on with rebuilding America. I could probably quote the words of the Presidentelect or the Democratic nominee who didn’t successfully win that election, but they would all come down to the same thing: we need to build our infrastructure. And indeed we do. In doing so, we are going to put people to work, lots of people to work if we do it right. Here is how you multiply the effect of infrastructure construction on the employment. There is no doubt, for every dollar we spend on infrastructure, we will grow the economy by a little more than $2, and we will put several tens of thousands of people to work if we spend a billion dollars or more. We know those statistics; they are out there, and they are true. But if you really, really want to grow this economy, and you want to bring manufacturing back to the United States, then you ought to pay attention to what we have been working on here for the last 7 years, and this is what we call the Make It In America agenda. Yes, that infrastructure is essential. But what if your tax dollars were spent on jobs in the United States, on Americanmade steel, Americanmade concrete, Americanmade rebars, structural elements of all kinds? What if your tax dollars were actually spent here in America rather than in that very sad, sad situation in California, in my California? Oh, yes, let me put this up. This is an embarrassment. Oh, not this one. That one. You see, that is the San Francisco Bay bridge. It was completed about 4 years ago, 3 years ago now, and the original cost was somewhere around $1 billion or so. It actually turned out to be some $6 billion or more. But the thing that really, really was embarrassing is that the steel in that bridge was not American steel. It was Chinese steel. The toll dollars of those who cross this bridge for the next 50 years wind up in China, not in the United States, not in American steel mills, not in the pockets of American workers who are working those mills, and not in the pockets of the welders who put together the steel structures but, rather, in China’s pocket. Terrible embarrassment. Why did it happen? Well, they thought it would be about 10 percent cheaper. It didn’t happen. It turned out that it was much, much more expensive. Why? Because the steel was of less quality, the welds weren’t good, and the inspectors were Chinese and overlooked some of the problems. Let me give you another example here. This is really embarrassing. For my California colleagues, please forgive me, but these are facts; and for all of us, pay attention. What happens when you build into a project, a buy America provision? What happens is American jobs and things are done well and things are done on time. The New York Tappan Zee bridge made with United Statesproduced steel, about a $3.9 billion total cost, and 7,728 direct American jobs as a result of that steel being American steel. On time, on budget, and made in America. So here is the deal, folks. If, Mr. Presidentelect, you want an infrastructure program, if you want to bring manufacturing back to America, then you better pay attention to this, which is Make It In America. Use our tax dollars, your tax dollars, the American tax dollars on Americanmade goods and services, not on something from some other place. This doesn’t violate trade agreements; and if it does, those trade agreements ought to be changed. This is about rebuilding the American manufacturing sector. Let me give you another example. Yes, one of my favorites. Another example, beyond the bridge, the Tappan Zee bridge, which is a very good example, and a very bad example, the Bay bridge, San Francisco Oakland Bay bridge. For those of you who don’t know what a locomotive looks like, that is an Amtrak locomotive, 100 percent made in America. But America doesn’t build locomotives anymore. Well, that used to be true. Maybe a decade ago we didn’t build locomotives. However, in the wisdom of this Congress and President Obama and the Senate, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act passed, otherwise known as the stimulus bill. In the stimulus bill, there was written a few tens of billions of dollars to build locomotives—let me put it this way, to buy locomotives for the Amtrak system. This one is an electric locomotive for the Northeast corridor here on the East Coast. Somebody somewhere in that piece of legislation—maybe it was a Democrat, maybe it was a Republican, maybe it was a staffer, an independent, I don’t know, but somebody wrote into that provision for the purchase of Amtrak locomotives, about 70 of them, actually a little more than 70 of them, that they must be not 10 percent American made, not 20, not 30, not 90, but 100 percent American made so that every single thing on that locomotive had to be American made. Well, the great manufacturers in the United States—General Electric and General Motors—and some foreign manufacturers looked at that and said: 100 percent American made? It doesn’t work. They don’t build locomotives in the United States anymore. How could you build 100 percent American made? Well, this little German company called Siemens, one of the biggest industrial companies in the entire world, said: How many billions involved here? Lots of zeros, lots of billions. Seventy locomotives, 100 percent American made. We are a German company, 100 percent. How many billions was that? I will tell you what. We will do it. And Siemens did it. b1845 In the United States, they built that locomotive and about 60 some others in Sacramento, California, where there was no locomotive manufacturing plant until the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act became law and billions of dollars became available. That German company went to Sacramento, California, just outside my district where I spent more than 40 years representing the area, and said: We can do it. And they did it. And now they have contracts across this Nation to build in America not just locomotives like this but also railcars, light railcars, transit systems, and the like. We can make it in America, and your tax dollars can actually be used to employ people in America and to build manufacturing systems in the United States if—and here is the key—in the months ahead, this Congress, working with the next President, actually decides that they are going to put into public policy that your tax dollars are going to be spent on Americanmade equipment. Now, in that bill I talked about a little while ago, the FAST Act, which is 
a 5year transportation bill, I and a few of my colleagues were successful in increasing by a little, teeny, tiny bit the American content on buses and light rail systems—not to 100 percent which is what I wanted, but from 60 to 70 percent. And that will be several thousand jobs over time across the United States. But we should be bold. If, as the Presidentelect says, he wants to rebuild American manufacturing, make America great again— which of us doesn’t want that to happen—we all do—then I would suggest, Mr. Presidentelect and my Republican colleagues and my Democratic colleagues, that we build into any infrastructure bill two very, very important things. The first is that American taxpayer dollars will be 100 percent spent on Americanmade equipment, whether that is the steel for the wheels of the Amtrak trains, the structures for the bridges, or the concrete, whatever. Americanmade. Your tax dollars spent on America. So what are we going to do here? The second thing. I shouldn’t forget this. There are those that would use this infrastructure legislation to further diminish the power of the American worker to stand together united and participate in achieving a fair wage. We must not allow this effort to rebuild the American infrastructure to be an excuse for eliminating the unions in the United States. We have seen enough of that. We have seen the effect of that. The diminution of the wages for the working men and women is directly parallel to the diminution of the labor movement in California and the United States. So, let’s pay attention here. Men and women joining together, arguing and debating and standing for their rights and their wages and their working conditions is a timehonored and essential condition of the United States middle class and the working men and women, wherever they happen to be across this Nation. As we go about this process of building America, of reinvigorating the manufacturing sector of the United States and making it in America once again, let us remember that there are key points that must be paid attention to. There is a term that was used in the California fields by our friends from Mexico, and the term was, Si se puede; or, Yes, we can. We can make it in America. We can rebuild the American manufacturing sector. We can strengthen American families financially and otherwise by doing these things, but only if we use your taxpayer dollars here in America and strengthen the buyAmerica provisions and no further diminution in the American labor movement. Yes, we can. Now, let’s keep this in mind. It ought to be our motto. It ought to be the words by which we set our compass: to make it in America, use your tax dollars, buy American products, and strengthen the American family. Mr. Speaker, I have talked about this issue for the last 7 years, and I have talked about this issue for about the last 17 minutes. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), an incredible spokesperson for what is right in America and what is wrong. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank my good friend from California, and I want to offer a consistent appreciation for an effective articulate presentation on a message that not only the American people are eager to hear, but I would imagine as we have the waning hours— I don’t like to call anything lame duck—that we can rush to craft the kind of fair and just response, overdue response to the infrastructure rebuild that takes into consideration Americanmade products, takes into consideration and includes no diminishing of hourly wages for our hardworking union members, and, of course, begins to move across America and fix the ailing bridges, dams, highway, freeways, bridges, tunnels, and airports. Being on the Homeland Security Committee, I definitely want to include that, particularly as I travel around the Nation and I see the hardworking people at airports, but also the infrastructure challenges. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
EVENTS OF LAST WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the Minority Leader. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, my words still count for the presentation that the gentleman from California made, and count me as one of those that will continue to join him in that. Mr. Speaker, might I take a moment to do a number of things as I engage in a conversation on the floor with my colleagues and acknowledge the importance of the work of this body. And also, I want to speak to the last week’s occurrences. We, as Members of Congress, may have disagreements on the actions of last week, one of the most important acts that the American people engage in, so I certainly want to applaud the American people for the peaceful transfer of power. That power is not completely transferred. Everyone knows that it is the inauguration on January 20, 2017, in which we will have the opportunity to, in actuality, transfer power from President Obama to the next President of the United States that has been voted on by the people of this country. In the course of my discussion, I will raise a number of concerns that I think are important for us to listen to. Again, these may be issues that draw a little bit of provocativeness, if you will, but I hope to be thoughtful in my words. I do want to acknowledge the works or the words of my colleagues previously honoring the recognition of the Bible and say that so many of us not only find comfort in that wonderful book but we also use it for counsel. As I begin, I hope that those who may be listening will, in fact, see in my words the kind of temperament and tone that, as I said, even if we have disagreement, we will certainly not be disagreeable. And I cite for my friends and for this body Psalm 16:7–11, but I only read chapter 16 and verse 7 at this point. ‘‘I bless the Lord who gives me counsel; in the night also my heart instructs me.’’ Verse 8: ‘‘I have set the Lord always before me; because he is at my right hand, I shall not be shaken.’’ That is, I think, a wonderful testimony for this Nation. It is a testimony for the structure of government. It is a testimony for this Congress as we proceed. It is a testimony for the men and women who are in faraway places who are wearing the uniform. It certainly is a testimony, I believe, for many who find themselves suffering at this moment in a variety of ways. I do want to acknowledge and offer my deepest sympathy to the family of Gwen Ifill, someone who I have come to know over the years as one of America’s awardwinning journalists. Gwen Ifill was, in fact, a journalist that perceived her work as a profession, as a calling, and I am so sad to hear of her untimely death. She had a storied career, including being the first African American female to moderate a Vice Presidential debate in 2004, and handling it some 4 years later. She brilliantly moderated the 2008 Vice Presidential debate between Vice President JOEBIDEN and Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, her steadiness as a host on the PBS NewsHour, and the wonderful family from which she has come. I want to acknowledge her wonderful sister, who heads the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, and all of her family members to say that we celebrate her life, but we also mourn her passing. I wanted this evening to manage to combine the things that we need to get done—as I said, the actions of last week—and I want to combine it with the First Amendment and the Bill of Rights that we all have. I want to make it very clear that the First Amendment gives us the freedom of speech or of the press or the right for the people peaceably to assemble. So I take issue with statements that have been made by the recent elected person who sought the Presidency from New York who indicated in some early comments that he viewed the protesters as being paid and, I guess, incited by the media or caused to be protesting by the media. I take as a very sacred document that we are blessed to have as the Constitution. I watched as throngs of young people walked past the United States Capitol just a few hours ago. I think it is important for the American people and 
my colleagues to know what a beautiful sight of young, peaceful Americans who were frustrated and hurt by what they perceive as an exclusionary election that did not include them. So, I do want to put on the record that this will be a constitutional discussion as we weave in and out of the challenges that I see that we will be having and, in essence, speak to some of the concerns that these protesters would have. Let me first say that, with respect to military force, in a Washington Post article by Bob Woodward, it says: ‘‘The president can select nuclear strike packages against three categories—military targets, warsupporting or economic targets and leadership targets.’’ It means, in the hands of any Commander in Chief, President, they will have that power. b1900 Under practice, as the Commander in Chief, the President can employ U.S. military forces as he or she sees fit; and that means that the concern that many are expressing, these young people, what kind of Commander in Chief, as evidenced by words said during this very extended Presidential campaign of ‘‘I like war,’’ or the idea that there would be, I guess, an extensive use of war powers or the powers that an individual President can use, this raises concern for a lot of people. Let me, as well, indicate that, when you begin to think about the structures of government, you have a headline from the Associated Press that the children of this candidate could run a blind trust, and so that is certainly of concern. When Mr. Giuliani indicated that Mr. Trump should set up some kind of blind trust, when pressed, Mr. Giuliani told CNN’s ‘‘State of the Union’’ that Trump’s unusual situation might call for more flexibility; and that is something we have never seen before, where there is at least some mixture of government and the using of a business structure and more flexibility. And then a new announcement that these individuals that would be involved in the blind trusts, or running the business, now would be called upon to—or are being sought, if you will, to have a top secret clearance, which means that the interests of business could be mixed with the security interests of the American people. I find that quite puzzling. And as a member of—concerned about homeland security on a number of my committees, I find that of great concern. This is what happens when there are elections, maybe, with less information than we should have had. So I think it is important to note that protesters are rightly concerned. Certainly, there is additional information in a recent ‘‘60 Minutes’’ interview where the question came up about deporting undocumented individuals. Certainly, amongst undocumented individuals are young people called DACA, who have been given work permits and delays from deportation, who are scholars, who are in college, who are young high school students. Because the system of legal immigration that has been presented to this Congress any number of times has not been debated or passed, we have not done our job; so we have not passed a system in which those who are unstatused could legally pay fines, stand in line, and do the appropriate thing that I think Americans would care for them to do. What we have is a system that is broken, and so, in his wisdom, the President of the United States worked to step in the gap where there was no law as it relates to these young people, and, of course, the Congress did not act. No answer from that in the ‘‘60 Minutes’’ interview. There is a question, or a point, that individuals that have criminal records—gang members, drug dealers, probably about 2 million people, allegedly—would be deported, without any suggestion of how you would pay for it. I think deportation is about $10,000 per person. Also, criminal record is a relative question. Is that a misdemeanor? Is that a ticket? Is that a young person that is a gang member that could be rehabilitated and then, of course, have some way to access citizenship in some appropriate manner? Let this be very clear. None of us want to coddle or to protect anyone that will do us harm here in the United States. That is not in any way the stance that I take. But I do ask the question: Is there any thought to these policies? And these policies have now caused great fear, intimidation, which generates thousands of young people and others across America taking to the peaceful protests because they are confused—and the confusion is continuing to grow. In addition, it was said often that this is a powerful country with a wonderful democracy. That democracy means that, in the battle of campaigns, much is said. Once campaigns are over, then we move on to respect the opponent, the loyal opposition, and we move on to ensure that we do not have a punitive and—how should I say?—unfair treatment of the individual that lost. We have repeated over and over again, Mrs. Clinton, who I think was an excellent candidate for the Presidency—as evidenced by the fact that, right now, the numbers are mounting. She has actually received more than 1 million votes over the individual that will take up the helm by inauguration in January of 2017. So the popular vote, more Americans voted for Mrs. Clinton than the person who will be inaugurated. That is a very hard pill to swallow, and I will speak about the electoral college. With that in mind, we also know that there have been many hearings in this Congress that have looked at a number of aspects of some of the concerns that have been raised in the battle, in the contest, and those have not evidenced any basis for moving forward. That being said, in an inquiry for ‘‘60 Minutes,’’ regarding Mrs. Clinton, kind words were said, of course, and I agree with them, that she proceeded in the appropriate manner to protect the peaceful transfer of government. She reached out to the American people to ask them to work with this new government. She spoke about our values and that we should continue to maintain our values. I thank her for that. And, of course, she appropriately called and conceded, and that action was called lovely. But when the question was posed about appointing a special prosecutor, rather than performing or speaking in a Presidential manner, that wasn’t the case. The response was that this action would not be ruled out, and some words that were attempting to comfort were said: ‘‘They are good people. I don’t want to hurt them.’’ Where is the responsible response, which is: The election is over. I thank Mrs. Clinton for her service to the Nation, and we look forward to healing this Nation and working together? That did not occur. So let me say, let us not discount the pain that my constituents and many others are feeling because there have been no words that are conciliatory; and certainly, there are no words that would seem to respect the loyal opposition, the opponent, only the words that would seem to provoke those who worked so hard on behalf of the other candidate. The newspapers are rampant with these examples of what kind of administration will we have. So how did we get here? We got here because of the structure of the electoral college, which was in place as we began this Nation. And of course it is established in Article II, section 1 of the U.S. Constitution. The Constitution gives each State a number of electors equal to the combined total of its Senate membership, two for each State, the House of Representatives delegation currently ranging from 1 to 52. Under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, the District of Columbia is allocated three electors. So the electoral college consists of 538 electors; 535 electors from the several States and 3 from the District of Columbia. None of those individuals should stand in place of the popular vote, but that is the concept that we used in that earlier point. On November 6, 2012, Mr. Trump tweeted that the electoral college is a disaster for democracy. I think many of us in America totally agree. Most States require that all electoral votes go to the candidate that received the plurality in that State; and so, in some sense, it is connected to that State and has some basis to it. It was amended in the 12th Amendment—I think that was in 1804—which provides what happens if the electoral 
college fails to elect a President or Vice President. Here lies the very crux of the reason why a popular vote should now be the standard. Let me say also that I could not read the minds of our Founding Fathers. They managed to put in a system of democracy that has now lasted for a very, very, very long period of time. They are to be commended. This was through the Constitutional Convention that met in Philadelphia in 1787. This was an important acknowledgment, and there were a variety of processes upon which they suggested there be a Presidential selection. A committee formed to work out various details, including the mode of election of the President, recommended that the election be decided by a group of people apportioned among the States. I would offer to say that that did not go forward. There were fears of intrigue if the President was chosen by a small group of men. At the time, as you are well aware, slaves were not counted as a full person, and slaves were in the United States. Women were not allowed to vote, and there were other prohibitions against voting. Concerns for the independence of the President if he was elected by the Congress was also part of the mix in terms of how you would discern and vote, and the electoral college was being developed. In Federalist Paper No. 39, James Madison explained the Constitution was designed to be a mixture of State based and populationbased government. Alexander Hamilton defended the electoral college on the grounds that the electors were chosen directly by the people. All of that, trying to get it right, I think, speaks volumes—volumes—to the idea of moving forward beyond this idea of the electoral college and to begin to look at other options; and so I am going to be asking our committees—in particular, the Judiciary Committee—to hold hearings on the electoral college. I think it is extremely appropriate for the American people to be able to understand the crux of how this works but, more importantly, how this impacts the leadership of this country. Five times a candidate has won the popular vote but not the electoral college: Andrew Jackson in 1824, Samuel Tilden in 1876—we remember that compromise—Grover Cleveland in 1888, Al Gore in 2000, and, certainly, Hillary Clinton in 2016. I would suggest that this is an appropriate time to review this. We tried to do an electoral college review from 1969 to 1971. H.J. Res. 681 proposed the direct election of a President and Vice President, requiring a runoff when no candidate received more than 40 percent of the vote. The resolution did pass the House in 1969 but failed to pass the Senate. So, I think it is important that we look at this in a manner that can be reviewed, and there are ways of doing so. I believe there is a national popular vote, which I will find in just a moment, that has already worked with 13 States to devise another approach, or which is the popular vote, and to make sure that the bar that we have that deals with the electoral college and bars the count of the popular vote to the extent that one person, one vote, I think, has to be reviewed. There has to be a congressional review of this. There is too much at stake and too much emphasis on the right to a vote that we cannot let Americans vote for their President. And I say that some of the discussions around the idea of the electoral college were that maybe the voters were not informed enough, maybe they were not at a level of education that we should entrust to them the idea of the situation dealing with the popular vote. So I think the issue is that we need to make sure that the one vote, one person counts. We talk about it all the time, and we don’t seem to act on it. Let’s hold hearings. That is important. Let me quickly go to the aftermath of these elections that has really disturbed many of us. The Southern Poverty Law Center reports more than 201 incidents of electionrelated harassment and intimidation across the country as of November 11, 5 p.m. They range from antiBlack to antiwoman, to antiLGBT incidents. People are hurting. There were many examples of vandalism and epithets directed at individuals. Oftentimes, the types of harassment overlapped, and many incidents, though not all, involved direct references to the Trump campaign. b1915 Let me give you some examples. This is an example from the Southern Poverty Law Center: My 12yearold daughter is an African American. A boy approached her and said, ‘‘Now that Trump is President, I am going to shoot you and all the Blacks I can find.’’ We reported it to the school, who followed up with my daughter and the boy appropriately. Another at this time in the college setting: The day after the presidential election, my friend, a Black female freshman in a Bostonarea college heard a White female student say, ‘‘This is their punishment for 8 years of Black people.’’ When she turned around to see who said it, the White student laughed at her. In Louisiana, a woman was harassed by White men in a passing car, which was a frequently reported venue of harassment since election day: I was standing at a red light waiting to cross the street. A black truck with three White men pulled up to the red light. One of them yelled something inappropriate. The other two began to laugh. One began to chant ‘‘Trump’’ as they drove away. I have an employee who happens to be Hispanic who was coming to work in my own hometown and was told, ‘‘Wetback in a suit, go home.’’ ‘‘Death to diversity’’ was written on a banner displayed on our library—this happened, I think, in Colorado—for people to see, as well as written on posters across the campus, as well as White males going up to women saying unfortunate things about grabbing unfortunate things. This is from Austin, Texas: Harassment, today a young Latino man in his 20s and a coworker of mine were walking into work as a truck slowed down and two White men threw a bag of garbage onto him and yelled, ‘‘You are going back to where you came from.’’ There are, obviously, many such instances. When asked about this, to his credit, Mr. Trump said to stop it. That is not going to be enough. That will not answer the thousands upon thousands of those who are protesting and the thousands upon thousands of those who are looking for leadership to be able to suggest that we are, in fact, a nation that represents all people. Now, it is the prerogative of the person who got elected and who will be honored to serve as the President of the United States, it will be their privilege to select persons that will lead. We do know that there is discussion about an individual for the Secretary of State, and I choose to cite this as an individual who is now possibly being looked at for the many conflicts of interest that they will have. This is the highest office in the land. There must be a responsible ordering of those who are actually able to do the job. It is important to reward your friends. But these are important governmental positions that will either be the face—the Secretary of State—of the United States internationally or the Attorney General who will be the chief law enforcement officer or in the White House staff will likewise be the face of the President of the United States. In the last week, an individual has now been selected who was in the campaign as the chief strategist—that is the face of the White House—that has given a signal to White supremacists that they will be represented at the highest levels. It is clearly documented of the kinds of actions that this individual has been engaged in. The exwife indicated in a court document that he didn’t want the girls going to school with Jews. He said that he doesn’t like Jews. Heading up a periodical that deals with the altright movement which has been known to deal with skinheads and various issues that are just completely untoward in a country that is 21st century and that is so diverse. So I believe that having joined my colleagues and asked for reconsideration, you have the right to choose your cabinet. You have the right to choose your various aids that you will have. But I don’t believe in this Nation that you have the right to deal with this question of these issues where people feel divided. 
There is a picture here. We know that there is the burning of a church. This is the Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church in Greenville, Mississippi, that has written on the outside of the sacred place. I began my message or my statement on the floor with a word from Psalms. And here is written, ‘‘Vote Trump.’’ Now, we know that there are people that may want to provoke or not provoke, but what I think is important is that one candidate got more of the popular vote. We need to review the electoral college. Out of this election has come great concerns from the words that have been offered during the campaign that cannot be pulled back. The words that cannot be pulled back now have generated not only actions by individuals not in the government, children being maligned and attacked, individuals being attacked on the street, people feel frightened. Churches are being burned, which we passed a law some years back that it is a Federal crime to burn a church. Then to have an individual who has been associated with the kind of propaganda that, in essence, is discriminatory against so many of us as women, African Americans, Hispanics, and certainly people who have differences. Certainly we have seen potential of the KKK marching in North Carolina, been denounced by the Republican and Democratic State party chair in North Carolina; and we thank them for that. So what does that mean for all of us? We have work to do. We have work to do. As Justice Learned Hand observed, if we are to keep our democracy, there must be one command: Thou shalt not ration justice. We have criminal justice reform to deal with. We have to address the individuals that have been incarcerated unfairly. We must give them a second chance. This is not myself speaking, this is religious groups speaking. This is Republicans and Democrats speaking about the importance of criminal justice reform. We have not heard any discussion on that, but we do know that there has been over 200 hateful acts in the election aftermath. That is a problem. We also know that the electoral college has now, again, selected an individual that did not get the most votes from the American people. So I would offer to say that, among the work that we have to do working to rebuild America and put America first, I certainly join in that. We have some healing to do, and we should be doing this in a corrective manner. We should be doing our job and looking at some of the constitutional fractures that occurred. Let me close on one last point that I want to make sure that, as I speak, I offer a great respect for the individuals who have offered to serve in this government. But I would be remiss if I did not cite a shocking episode that occurred on October 28, 2016, in the midst of the Presidential election. It is important for the American people to know whether they agree or disagree. My colleagues, there lies another opportunity for an investigation because there is no more storied an agency in law enforcement than the FBI. I have the greatest respect—I have worked with them as a young lawyer, as a staffer in this body. I have been on a committee that has worked with the FBI. What was that committee? I served on the committee as a staffer to investigate the assassinations of Dr. Martin Luther King and John F. Kennedy when we opened it again where Chairman Gonzalez and Chairman Stokes served as chairpersons of that committee. We worked with then FBI agents who were willing to provide information on how things happened during that timeframe. We have always looked to them to investigate and to be the armor of investigation to find the truth. But no protocol ever suggested that any announcement about an unknowing situation, unrelated to anything, could be announced and blatantly interfere in a Presidential election. We must find out why that determination was made and what leaks were forthcoming. Many have written to determine if that is the case. So I am looking forward to a thorough investigation in the altering of the campaign landscape that occurred historically on October 28, 2016, and it did have a damaging and drastic impact statistically in a 1to2point measure. That was an impact that was not the making of the American people. It was not something that was life or death. Factually, the ultimate determination is that the announcement was irrelevant. It had nothing to do with or did not generate any new information on the particular incident that was being addressed at that time. So I came to the floor today because I believe that we should not let things last and fester, and we in the Congress can be factfinders in an evenhanded and unbiased way. Our Judiciary Committee set up a task force dealing with overregulation. We have done it on antitrust and we have done it on criminal justice. Right now, the Constitution is being challenged, and aspects of the Constitution, the electoral college, is being challenged. The interference of a democratic process of the election occurred no matter what good intentions were behind it. So the American people deserve many a factfinding situation— not in any way a targeting, not in any way a finger pointing, but a pure factfinding. This has to be corrected. Those who are charged with the responsibility of serving this Nation must do it in the context in which they do it. Investigations go on until you find the resolve of that investigation and the prosecutor, the Attorney General, makes the announcement that they will proceed to prosecute or they may not proceed to prosecute. So I am very grateful to live in a nation that cherishes the Constitution and cherishes our Bill of Rights. I beg that we appreciate those who have sought to protest, and we appreciate those who have voted because it is a process of democracy. I will accept that. But I will also say that the voices of those who are being raised should be heard, and we as factfinders should do our job. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. LEWIS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and November 16. 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 16, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
LA–200, 110 2nd Street, S.E., Washington, DC 20540. Sincerely, BARBARA J. S APIN, Executive Director, Office of Compliance. FROM THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE 
breach of a settlement will be reviewed, investigated, or mediated as appropriate. It does not say that the Executive Director will resolve those alleged violations, but rather, assist the parties in doing so. One commenter noted that proposed Procedural Rule §9.04 states that, after a settlement agreement has been approved by the Executive Director, ‘‘[n]o payment shall be made from such account until the time for appeal of a decision has expired.’’ This rule should clarify that it does not apply to settlements reached in the absence of a ‘‘decision’’ that may be appealed. The Office has clarified section 9.04 in the Amended Rules and included language that indicates that this rule does not apply to situations where a settlement has been reached and there is no decision that could be appealed. 
PROPOSED AMENDMENTS : Material from the 2004 version of the Rules is printed in roman type. The text of the adopted amendments shows ƒdeletions in italicized type within bold italics brackets ≈ and 
added text inunderlined bold.Only subsections of the Rules that include adopted amendments are reproduced in this NOTICE. The insertion of a series of small dots (..... )  indi cates additional, unamended text within a section has not been reproduced in this document. The insertion of a series of asterisks ( ***** )  indicates that the unamended text of entire sections of the Rules have not been reproduced in this document. For the text of other portions of the Rules which are not proposed to be amended, please access the Office of Compliance web site at www.compliance.gov. ADOPTED AMENDMENTS 
§ 1.01 Scope and Policy § 1.02 Definitions § 1.03 Filing and Computation of Time § 1.04 ƒAvailability of Official Information ≈ 
Briefs, Responses and Other Documents § 1.05 ƒDesignation of Representative ≈ 
Availability ofOfficial Information § 1.07 ƒBreach of Confidentiality Provisions ≈ 
Confidentiality § 1.01 Scope and Policy. These rules of the Office of Compliance govern the procedures for consideration and resolution of alleged violations of the laws made applicable under Parts A, B, C, and D of title II of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995. The rules include 
definitions,procedures for counseling, mediation, and for electing between filing a complaint with the Office of Compliance and filing a civil action in a district court of the United States 
under Part Aoftitle II. The rules also address the procedures for 
compliance, investigation, and enforcement under Part Boftitle II, ƒvariances≈ and 
,ƒand≈ enforcement ,and varianceunder Part C of title II.The rules includeƒand≈ proce dures for the conduct of hearings held as a result of the filing of a complaint and for appeals to the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance from Hearing Officer decisions, as well as other matters of general applicability to the dispute resolution process and to the operations of the Office of Compliance. It is the policy of the Office that these rules shall be applied with due regard to the rights of all parties and in a manner that expedites the resolution of disputes. § 1.02 Definitions. Except as otherwise specifically provided in these rules, for purposes of this Part: .....  
Government AccountabilityOffice and the Library of Congress and their Employees. The term ‘‘employing office’’ shall include the ƒGeneral Accounting≈ 
Government Accountability Office and the Library of Congress, and the term ‘‘covered employee’’ shall include employees of the ƒGeneral Accounting≈ 
electronically, byfacsimile (FAX), or by mail, including express, overnight and other expedited delivery. ƒWhen specifically requested by the Executive Director, or by a Hearing Officer in the case of a matter pending before the Hearing Officer, or by the Board of Directors in the case of an appeal to the Board, any document may also be filed by electronic transmittal in a designated format, with receipt confirmed by electronic transmittal in the same format. Requests for counseling under section 2.03, requests for mediation under section 2.04 and complaints under section 5.01 of these rules may also be filed by facsimile (FAX) transmission. In addition, the Board or a Hearing Officer may order other documents to be filed by FAX. The original copies of documents filed by FAX must also be mailed to the Office no later than the day following FAX transmission. ≈ The filing of all documents is subject to the limitations set forth below. 
The Board, Hearing Officer, the Executive Director, orthe General Counsel 
which documents may befiled inaparticular proceeding, including ordering oneormore parties touse 
mail, FAX, electronic filing, orpersonal delivery. Parties and their representatives are responsible forensuring that theOffice always has their current postal 
Documents,ƒother than a request for mediation, or a complaint, is≈ 
theirpostmark or proof of mailing to the Office. Parties, including those using franked mail, are responsible for ensuring that any mailed document bears a postmark date or other proof of the actual date of mailing. In the absence of a legible postmark a document will be deemed timely 
ByFAXƒFaxing Documents.≈ Documents transmitted by FAX machine will be deemed filed on the date received at the Office at 202–426–1913, orƒ, in the case of any document to be filed or submitted to the General Counsel, ≈ on the date received at the Office of the General Counsel at 202–426–1663 
5:00 PM Eastern Time will bedeemed filed thefollowing business day.A FAX filing will be timely only if the document is 
receivedno later than 5:00 PM Eastern Time on the last day of the applicable filing period. Any party using a FAX machine to file a document bears the responsibility for ensuring both that the document is timely and accurately transmitted and confirming that the Office has received a facsimile of the document. ƒThe party or individual filing the document may rely on its FAX status report sheet to show that it filed the document in a timely manner, provided that the status report indicates the date of the FAX, the receiver’s FAX number, the number of pages included in the FAX, and that transmission was completed.≈ 
filing cannot exceed 75pages, inclusive oftable ofcontents, table ofauthorities, and attachments. Attachments exceeding 75pages must besubmitted tothe 
Eastern Time will bedeemed filed thefollowing business day. Anelectronic filing will betimely only ifthe 
isofficially closed forbusinessshall be excluded in the computation. To compute the number of days for taking any action required or permitted under these rules, the first day shall be the day after the event from which the time period begins to run and the last day for filing or service shall be included in the computation. When the last day falls on a Saturday, Sunday, ƒor≈ federal government holiday, 
One copy ofrequests forcounseling and mediation, requests forinspection under OSH, unfair labor practice 
charges, charges under titles IIand IIIoftheADA, ƒone original and three copies of ≈ all motions, briefs, responses, and other documents must be filed ƒ,whenever required,≈ with the Office or Hearing Officer. ƒHowever, when a party aggrieved by the decision of a Hearing Officer or a party to any other matter or determination reviewable by the Board files an appeal or other submission with the Board, one original and seven copies of any submission and any responses must be filed with the Office. The Office, Hearing Officer, or Board may also request a≈Aparty ƒto submit≈ may filean electronic version of any submission in a ƒdesignated≈ format 
mailing,or by hand delivering a copy of the motion, brief, response or other document to each party, or if represented, the party’s representative, on the service list previously provided by the Office. Each of these documents must be accompanied by a certificate of service specifying how, when and on whom service was made. It shall be the duty of each party to notify the Office and all other parties in writing of any changes in the names or addresses on the service list. 
doublespacedpages, ƒor 8,750 words,≈ exclusive of the table of contents, table of authorities and attachments. The Board, the 
Executive Director,or Hearing Officer may ƒwaive, raise or reduce≈ 
;or on ƒits≈ theirown initiative. Briefs, motions, responses, and supporting memoranda shall be on standard lettersize paper (81/2″ x 11″). 
§1.05Signing of Pleadings, Motions and Other Filings; Violation of Rules; Sanctions. 
isacceptable.The signature of a representative or party constitutes a certificate by the signer that the signer has read the pleading, motion, or other filing; that to the best of the signer’s knowledge, information, and belief formed after reasonable inquiry, it is well grounded in fact and is warranted by existing law or a good faith argument for the extension, modification, or reversal of existing law, and that it is not interposed for any improper purpose, such as to harass or to cause unnecessary delay or needless increase in the cost of litigation. 
,athisorherdiscretion,may provide to the ƒCommittee on Standards of Official Conduct of the House of Representatives ≈ 
House Committee onEthicsand the ƒSelect Com mittee on Ethics of the Senate ≈ 
Aparty ƒa witness, a labor organization, an employing office, or an entity alleged to be responsible for correcting a violation ≈ wishing to be represented ƒby another individual,≈ must file with the Office a written notice of designation of representative
representative,ƒor≈ firm, orother entity may bedesignated asrepresentative foraparty forthepurpose 
Hearing Officer orExecutive Director.The rep resentative may be, but is not required to be, an attorney. 
until such timeas the represented ƒindividual, labor organization, or employing office ≈ 
representative, with notice tothe party,ƒspecifies otherwise and until such time as that individual, labor organization, or employing office ≈ notifies the Executive Director, 
amodificationor revocation of the designation of representative. Where a designation of representative is in effect, all time limitations for receipt of materials ƒby the represented individual or entity ≈ shall be computed in the same manner as for 
areunrepresented ƒindividuals or entities≈ , with service of the documents, however, directed to the representative ƒ, as provided≈. 
Executive Director, General Counsel, Mediator, Hearing Officer, orBoard, additional time may beprovided toallow theparty todesignate anew representative asconsistent with theAct. ƒ§1.06≈ 
thepurposes ofthis rule, participant means anindividual orentity who takes part aseither aparty, witness, ordesignated representative incounseling under 
confidential under Section 416 oftheAct (‘‘confidentialproceedings’’) may disclose awritten ororal communication that isprepared forthepurpose oforthat 
occurs during counseling, mediation, and the proceedings and deliberations ofHearing Officers and the 
theAct orprepare itsprosecution ordefense. However, the party making the disclosure shall take all 
whom theinformation isdisclosed maintain theconfidentiality ofsuch information. These rules donot 
the consultation, except that when the covered employee isanemployee oftheOffice aMediator shall 
might beaparty orwitness. These rules donotpreclude theOffice from reporting statistical information 
theinformation disclosed byparticipants totheproceedings, and records disclosed bytheopposing party, 
witnesses, ortheOffice. Aparticipant isfree todisclose facts and other information obtained from any 
source outside oftheconfidential proceedings. For example, anemploying office oritsrepresentatives may 
was not obtained inaconfidential proceeding. However, anemployee who obtains that information inmediation orother confidential proceeding may notdisclose such information. Similarly, information forming 
information contained inthose allegations was notobtained inaconfidential proceeding. However, theemploying office oritsrepresentatives may not disclose 
become participants ofthe confidentiality requirements ofSection 416 ofthe Act and that sanctions 
SUBPART B—PRECOMPLAINT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO CONSIDERATION OF ALLEGED VIOLATIONS OF PART A OF TITLE II OF THE CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 
§ 2.01 Matters Covered by Subpart B § 2.02 Requests for Advice and Information § 2.03 Counseling § 2.04 Mediation § 2.05 Election of Proceeding ƒs≈ § 2.06 ƒFiling of Civil Action≈ 
above, an employee shall file a written request for counseling with the Office ƒ
calltheOffice foraform touseforthis purpose.ƒAll requests for counseling shall be confidential, unless the employee agrees to waive his or her 
throughout thecounseling period.The ƒpurpose of the≈ counseling period ƒshall≈ 
information deemed confidential could result insanctions later inthe proceedings.Nothing in these rules shall prevent a counselor from consulting with personnel within the Office concerning a matter in counseling, except that, when the person being counseled is an employee of the Office, the counselor shall not consult with any individual within the Office who might be a party or witness without the consent of the person requesting counseling. Nothing contained in these rules shall prevent the Executive Director from 
theemployee and the Office may agree to waive confidentiality ƒof≈ 
duringthe coun seling process for the limited purpose of 
allowing the Officeƒcontacting the employing office≈ to ƒobtain information≈ 
,and shall notify theOffice inwriting ofany change inpertinent contact information, 
such asaddress, email, fax number, etc.An em ployee, however, may withdraw from counseling once without prejudice to the employee’s right to reinstate counseling regarding the same matter, provided that the request to reinstate counseling 
first class mail,ƒor by≈ per sonal delivery evidenced by a written receipt, 
her sole discretion,may recommend that the employee use the ƒgrievance≈ 
internalproce dures of the Architect of the Capitol or the Capitol Police 
pursuant toaMemorandum ofUnderstanding (MOU) between theArchitect oftheCapitoland theOffice ortheCapitol Police and theOffice 
anyinternal procedure of the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police
inwritingto the employee that the employee use the ƒgrievance≈ 
internalproce dures of the Architect of the Capitol or of the Capitol Police, as appropriate, for a period generally up to 90 days, unless the Executive Director determines, 
inwriting, thata longer period is appropriate ƒfor resolution of the employee’s complaint through the grievance procedures of the Architect of the Capitol or the Capitol Police≈. 
Once theemployee notifies theOffice that heorsheisusing theinternal procedure, the 
theCapitol ortheCapitol Police that theExecutive Director hasrecommended that theemployee usetheinternal procedure. 
(iii)Ifthedispute isresolved totheemployee’s satisfaction, theemployee shall sonotify theOffice within 
20days after the employee has been served with a 
above, the Office will issue aNotice ofthe End of 
procedures set forth in this subpart, any ƒfinal≈ decision 
issuedƒpursuant to the procedures of the Architect of the Capitol or of the Capitol Police Board should ≈ 
Explanation¿ Overview.Mediation is a process in which employees, employing offices and their representatives, if any, meet separately and/or jointly with a ƒneutral≈ 
Mediatortrained to assist them in resolving disputes. As ƒparties to≈ 
participants inthe me diation, employees, employing offices, and their representatives discuss alternatives to continuing their dispute, including the possibility of reaching a voluntary, mutually satisfactory resolution. The ƒneutral≈ 
notice totheemploying office, theinvocation ofmediation shall bekept confidential bytheOffice.The re quest for mediation shall contain the employee’s name, 
home and emailaddress es, ƒand≈ telephone number, and the name of the employing office that is the subject of the request. Failure to request mediation within the prescribed period ƒwill≈ 
maypre clude the employee’s further pursuit of his or her claim. 
oftheAct,to commence the mediation process. In the event that a ƒneutral≈ 
Mediator considers him or herself unable to perform in a neutral role in a given situation, he or she shall withdraw from the matter and immediately shall notify the Office of the withdrawal. Any party may ask the Office to disqualify a ƒneutral≈ 
Mediator will promptly contact the parties. The ƒneu tral≈ 
Mediatorhas the responsibility to conduct the mediation, including deciding how many meetings are necessary and who may participate in each meeting. The ƒneutral≈ 
ortheir representativesto sign an agreement prepared by the Office (‘‘the Agreement to Mediate’’). The Agreement to Mediate will set out the conditions under which mediation will occur, including the requirement that the participants adhere to the confidentiality of the process 
later intheproceedings.The Agreement to Mediate will also provide that the parties to the mediation will not seek to have the Counselor or the ƒneutral≈ 
andthe employing officeƒ, their re spective representatives, and the Office may meet, jointly or separately, with the neutral. A representative of the employee and a representative of the employing who has actual authority to agree to a settlement agreement on behalf of the employee or the employing office, as the case may be, must be present at the mediation or must be immediately accessible by telephone during the mediation.≈ 
mediation proceedings through adesignated representative, provided, that therepresentative has actual authority toagree toasettlement agreement orhasimmediate access tosomeone with actual settlement authority, and provided further, that should theMediator 
inmediation ofany party may bespecifically requested. The Office may participate inthemediation 
process, with permission oftheMediator and theparties. The Mediator will determine, asbest serves the 
aboutthe employee ’sƒof his or her≈ right to elect to file a complaint with the Office in accordance with section 405 of the Act and section 5.01 of these rules or to file a civil action pursuant to section 408 of the Act and section ƒ2.06≈ 
mediator during themediation period and, ifnotresolved byagreement inmediation, toahearing officer 
district courtfor the district in which the employee is employed or for the District of Columbia. 
408 oftheAct, may not thereafter file a complaint under section ƒ5.01≈ 
filed may result indelay inthepreparation and receipt oftheCertification oftheOfficial Record. 
SERVICES)¿ SUBPART D—COMPLIANCE, INVESTIGATION, ENFORCEMENT AND VARIANCE PROCESS UNDER SECTION 215 OF THE CAA (OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ACT OF 1970)—INSPECTIONS, CITATIONS, AND COMPLAINTS 
§ 4.01 Purpose and Scope § 4.02 Authority for Inspection § 4.03 Request for Inspections by Employees and Employing Offices § 4.04 Objection to Inspection § 4.05 Entry Not a Waiver § 4.06 Advance Notice of Inspection § 4.07 Conduct of Inspections § 4.08 Representatives of Employing Offices and Employees § 4.09 Consultation with Employees § 4.10 Inspection Not Warranted; Informal Review § 4.11 Citations § 4.12 Imminent Danger § 4.13 Posting of Citations § 4.14 Failure to Correct a Violation for Which a Citation Has Been Issued; Notice of Failure to Correct Violation; Complaint § 4.15 Informal Conferences 
Rules of Practice for Variances, Limitations, Variations, Tolerances, and Exemptions 
§ 4.20 Purpose and Scope § 4.21 Definitions § 4.22 Effect of Variances § 4.23 Public Notice of a Granted Variance, Limitation, Variation, Tolerance, or Exemption § 4.24 Form of Documents § 4.25 Applications for Temporary Variances and other Relief § 4.26 Applications for Permanent Variances and other Relief § 4.27 Modification or Revocation of Orders § 4.28 Action on Applications § 4.29 Consolidation of Proceedings § 4.30 Consent Findings and Rules or Orders § 4.31 Order of Proceedings and Burden of Proof 
work (‘‘place ofemployment’’)ƒof employment under the jurisdiction of an employing office ≈; to inspect and investigate during regular working hours and at other reasonable times, and within reasonable limits and in a reasonable manner, any such place of employment, and all pertinent conditions, structures, machines, apparatus, devices, equipment and materials therein; to question privately any employing office, operator, agent or employee; and to review records 
covered entity.ƒrequired by the CAA and regulations promulgated thereunder, and other records which are directly related to the purpose of the inspection.≈ 
inwriting. The complaining party may obtain review of such determination by submitting 
and servinga written statement of position with the General Counsel ƒ,≈ and ƒ, at the same time, providing ≈ the employing office ƒwith a copy of such statement by certified mail≈. The employing office may submit 
servean opposing written statement of position with the General Counsel ƒ,≈ and ƒ, at the same time, provide≈ the complaining party ƒwith a copy of such statement by certified mail≈. Upon the request of the complaining party or the employing office, the General Counsel, at his or her discretion, may hold an informal conference in which the complaining party and the employing office may orally present their views. After considering all written and oral views presented, the General Counsel shall affirm, modify, or reverse the designee’s determination and furnish the complaining party and the employing office with written notification of this decision and the reasons therefor. The decision of the General Counsel shall be final and not reviewable. 
other regulationƒstandard≈, rule or order promulgated pursuant to section 215 of the CAA, has occurred, he or she shall issue to the employing office responsible for correction of the violation, ƒas determined under section 1.106 of the Board’s regulations implementing section 215 of the CAA,≈ either a citation or a notice of de minimis violations that ƒhave≈ 
hasno direct or immediate relationship to safety or health. An appropriate citation or notice of de minimis violations shall be issued even though, after being informed of an alleged violation by the General Counsel, the employing office immediately abates, or initiates steps to abate, such alleged violation. Any citation shall be issued with reasonable promptness after termination of the inspection. No citation may be issued under this section after the expiration of 6 months following the occurrence of any alleged violation unless theviolation iscontinuing ortheemploying office hasagreed totollthedeadline forfiling 
When acitation contains security information asdefined inTitle 2ofthe U.S. 
citation used forposting ormay provide totheemploying office anotice forposting that describes thealleged violation without referencing thesecurity information.The employing office shall take steps to ensure that the citation 
notice,or a copy thereof, shall remain posted until the violation has been abated, or for 3 working days, whichever is later. The pendency of any proceedings regarding the citation shall not affect its posting responsibility under this section unless and until the Board issues a final order vacating the citation. 
§ 4.15 Informal Conferences. At the request of an affected employing office, employee, or representative of employees, the General Counsel may hold an informal conference for the purpose of discussing any issues raised by an inspection, citation, or notice issued by the General Counsel. Any settlement entered into by the parties at such conference shall be subject to the approval of the Executive Director under section 414 of the CAA and section ƒ9.05≈ 
9.03of these rules. If the conference is requested by the employing office, an affected employee or the employee’s representative shall be afforded an opportunity to participate, at the discretion of the General Counsel. If the conference is requested by an employee or representative of employees, the employing office shall be afforded an opportunity to participate, at the discretion of the General Counsel. Any party may be represented by counsel at such conference. 
§ 5.01 Complaints § 5.02 Appointment of the Hearing Officer 
periodunder section 2.04 may timely file a complaint with the Office alleging any violation of sections 201 through 207 of the Actƒ.≈
orfirst class mail, email, orfacsimile with a copy of the complaint or amended complaint and ƒa copy of these rules≈ 
ordeny theallegations asserted against itbyanopposingparty.Failure to ƒfile an answer≈ deny anallegation, other than one relating tothe amount of 
respondent may fileamotion todismiss, orother responsive pleading with theOffice and serve one copy 
Mediatorwho mediated the matter under sections 2.03 and 2.04 of these rules. § 5.03 Dismissal, Summary Judgment and Withdrawal of Complaints. 
withdrawal. Until the party designates another representative inwriting, theparty will beregarded as 
procedural orevidentiarysanctions. ƒNothing in these rules shall prevent the Executive Director from reporting statistical information to the Senate and House of Representatives, so long as that statistical information does not reveal the identity of the employees involved or of employing offices that are the subject of a matter.≈ See also sections ƒ1.06≈ 1.08ƒ1.07≈ 
Description.Discovery is the process by which a party may obtain from another person, including a party, information, not privileged, reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence, for the purpose of assisting that party in developing, preparing and presenting its case at the hearing. 
shallƒThis provision shall not be construed to permit any discovery, oral or written, to ≈ be taken 
Initial Disclosure.ƒOffice Policy Regarding Discovery. It is the policy of the Office to encourage the early and voluntary exchange of relevant and material nonprivileged information between the parties, including the names and addresses of witnesses and copies of relevant and material documents, and to encourage Hearing Officers to develop procedures which allow for the greatest exchange of relevant and material information and which minimizes the need for parties to formally request such information.≈ 
Within 14days after theprehearing conference orassoon astheinformation isknown, and 
except asotherwise stipulated orordered bytheHearingOfficer, aparty must, without awaiting adiscovery 
known, mail and email addresses and telephone number ofeach individual likely tohave discoverable information that thedisclosing party may usetosupport 
stored information, and tangible things that thedisclosing party hasinitspossession, custody, orcontrol 
ordersor make any order setting forth the forms and extent of discovery, including orders limiting the number of depositions, interrogatories, and requests for production of documents, and may also limit the length of depositions. 
inwritingand shall describe the nature of the documents, communications or things not produced or disclosed in a manner that, without revealing the information itself 
privileged or protected, will enable other parties to assess the applicability of the privilege or protection. 
party making theclaim may notify any party that received theinformation oftheclaim and thebasis for 
toretrieve theinformation iftheparty disclosed itbefore being notified; and may promptly present theinformation totheHearing Officer ortheBoard under 
partymay be issued for the attendance or testimony of an employee ƒwith≈ 
produced during counseling and mediation and maintained bythe Office. Employing offices shall make 
§ 7.01 The Hearing Officer § 7.02 Sanctions § 7.03 Disqualification of the Hearing Officer § 7.04 Motions and Prehearing Conference § 7.05 Scheduling the Hearing § 7.06 Consolidation and Joinder of Cases § 7.07 Conduct of Hearing; Disqualification of Representatives § 7.08 Transcript § 7.09 Admissibility of Evidence § 7.10 Stipulations § 7.11 Official Notice § 7.12 Confidentiality § 7.13 Immediate Board Review of a Ruling by a Hearing Officer § 7.14 
Law; Posthearing Briefs § 7.15 Closing the Record of the Hearing § 7.16 Hearing Officer Decisions; Entry in Records of the Office
suasponte ,inwhole orinpart, with prejudice ordecide thematter fortheparty alleging thefiling ofthe 
established for purposes ofthe action, asthe prevailing party claims; 
from supporting oropposing designated claims ordefenses, orfrom introducing designated matters inevidence; 
Athisorher discretion, theHearing Officer may direct thefiling ofthememorandum after discovery by the parties has concluded.ƒThat≈ Thememo randum may include: 
orrebuttal witnesses, and the purpose for which they will be called and a list of documents that the party is seeking from the opposing party, and, if discovery was permitted, the status of any pending request for discovery. (It is not necessary to list each document requested. Instead, the party may refer to the request for discovery.)
,stipulations,or agree ments of the parties. Such order, when entered, shall control the course of the proceeding, subject to later modification by the Hearing Officer by his or her own motion or upon proper request of a party for good cause shown. § 7.05 Scheduling the Hearing. 
Hearing Officer, shall set forth the reasons for the request, and shall state whether the opposing party consents to such postponement. Such a motion may be granted 
bythe Hearing Officerupon a showing of good cause. In no event will a hearing commence later than 90 days after the filing of the complaint. § 7.06 Consolidation and Joinder of Cases. 
Hearing Officer during thehearing; orthe Board ƒ, the Office, or a Hearing Officer ≈ 
during anappeal may consolidate or join cases on their own initiative or on the motion of a party if to do so would expedite processing of the cases and not adversely affect the interests of the parties, taking into account the confidentiality requirements of section 416 of the Act. § 7.07 Conduct of Hearing; Disqualification of Representatives. 
impeachment orrebuttal witnesses ƒ, expected to be called to testify≈. 
an employing office, or an entity alleged to be responsible for correcting a violation has a conflict of interest, he or she may, after giving the representative an opportunity to respond, disqualify the representative. In that event, within the time limits for hearing and decision established by the Act, the affected party shall be afforded reasonable time to retain other representation. § 7.08 Transcript. 
parties. Corrections of the official transcript will be permitted only upon approval of the Hearing Officer. The Hearing Officer may make corrections at any time with notice to the parties. 
section 1.08 ofthese Rules,all proceedings and deliberations of Hearing Officers and the Board, including the transcripts of hearings and any related records, shall be confidential, except as specified in section
Rules. All parties to the proceeding and their representatives, and witnesses who appear at the hearing, will be advised of the importance of confidentiality in this process and of their obligations, subject to sanctions, to maintain it. This provision shall not apply to proceedings under section 215 of the Act, but shall apply to the deliberations of Hearing Officers and the Board under that section. 
hearing may beresolved byaHearing Officer inproceedings under Section 405 ofthe CAA. After providing notice and anopportunity totheparties tobe 
ofthesanctions listed insection 7.02 ofthese Rules. § 7.13 Immediate Board Review of a Ruling by a Hearing Officer. 
shall include arguments insupport ofboth interlocutory review and the determination requested tobe 
certify andforward a request for interlocutory review to the Board, the Hearing Officer shall consider 
Upon the Hearing Officer’s certification and decision toforward arequest 
forreview,ƒT≈ the Board, in its sole discretion, may grant interlocutory review. 
itisinrebuttal tonew evidence orargument submitted bythe other party just before the record 
alsomake part of the record any ƒmo tions for attorney fees, supporting documentation, and determinations thereon, and ≈ ap proved correction to the transcript. § 7.16 Hearing Officer Decisions; Entry in Records of the Office;Corrections tothe 
intheabsence ofanappeal, before thedecision becomes final, aparty tothe proceeding before the 
there isnewly discovered evidence that, with reasonable diligence, could nothave been discovered intime 
§ 8.01 Appeal to the Board § 8.02 Reconsideration § 8.03 Compliance with Final Decisions, Requests for Enforcement § 8.04 Judicial Review 
finaldecision and order of the Hearing Officer in the records of the Office, an aggrieved party may seek review of that decision and order by the Board by filing with the Office a petition for review by the Board. The appeal must be served on the opposing party or its representative. 
Inany case inwhich theBoard hasnotrendered adetermination onthemerits,the Executive Director is authorized to
:determine any request for extensions of time to file any postpetition for review document or submission with the Board ƒin any case in which the Executive Director has not rendered a determination on the 
page limitation ofany postpetition forreview document orsubmission with theBoard; orrequire proof 
ofservice where there arequestions ofproper service. ƒSuch delegation shall continue until revoked by the Board.≈ 
aHearing Officer for further action or proceedings, including the reopening of the record for the taking of additional evidence. 
The procedures foraremanded hearing shall begoverned bysubparts F,G,and Hofthese Rules.The Hearing Officer shall render a decision or report to the Board, as ordered, at the conclusion of proceedings on the remanded matters. ƒUpon receipt of the decision or report, the Board shall determine whether the views of the parties on the content of the decision or report should be obtained in writing and, where necessary, shall fix by order the time for the submission of those views.≈ A decision of the Board following completion of the remand shall be entered in the records of the Office as the final decision of the Board and shall be subject to judicial review 
parties, and the transcript of the hearing (together with any electronic recording of the hearing if the original reporting was performed electronically) together with the Hearing Officer’s decision and the petition for review, any response thereto, any reply to the response and any other pleadings shall constitute the record in the case. 
forreview atany time before theBoard renders adecision. The motion must beinwriting and submitted 
such amotion and take whatever action isrequired. § 8.02 Reconsideration. After a final decision or order of the Board has been issued, a party to the proceeding before the Board, who can establish in its moving papers that reconsideration is necessary because the Board has overlooked or misapprehended points of law or fact, may move for reconsideration of such final decision or order. The motion shall be filed within 15 days after service of the Board’s decision or order. No response shall be filed unless the Board so orders. The filing and pendency of a motion under this provision shall not relieve a party of the obligation to file a timely appeal or operate to stay the action of the Board unless so ordered by the Board. 
The decision togrant ordeny amotion forreconsideration iswithin thesole discretion oftheBoard and is 
Aparty may also fileapetition forattorneys fees and/or damages unless theBoard has, inits 
discretion, stayed thefinal decision oftheOffice duringthependency oftheappeal pursuant toSection 407 
Act and Section 8.04 ofthis section, theappropriate ƒAny≈ party may petition the Board for enforcement of a final decision of the Office or the Board. The petition shall specifically set forth the reasons why the petitioner believes enforcement is necessary. 
inimpasse proceedings, refer toPart 2471 oftheSubstantive Regulations ofthe Board, available at 
ƒ§ 9.01 Filing, Service and Size Limitations of Motions, Briefs, Responses and other Documents. § 9.02 Signing of Pleadings, Motions and Other Filings; Violations of Rules; Sanctions≈ ƒ§ 9.03≈ 
ofthe Office,ƒunder section 7.16, or after service of a Board decision by the Office the complainant, if he or she is a ≈ 
Arbitrator, after giving the respondent an opportunity to reply, shall rule on the motion. Decisions regarding attorney’s fees and costs are collateral and do not affect the finality or appealability of a final decision issued by the ƒHearing Officer≈ 
with evidence that therate isconsistent with theprevailing community rate forsimilar 
they may agree toany limits onthewaiver. —Renumber subsequent paragraphs— 
Aformal settlement agreement should not besubmitted totheExecutive Director forsignature until the 
Settlements should include specific dispute resolution procedures.If the ƒparticular≈ for mal settlement agreement does not have a stipulated method for dispute resolution of an alleged violation ƒof the agreement≈, 
ofthe Executive Director.ƒthe following dispute resolution procedure shall be deemed to be a part of each formal settlement agreement approved by the Executive Director pursuant to section 414 of the Act:≈ 
ofa violation ƒof a formal settlement agreement≈ may be filed with the Executive Director, 
butno later than 60 days after the party to the agreement becomes aware of the alleged violation. Such ƒcomplaints may be referred by the Executive Director to a Hearing Officer for a final decision. The procedures for hearing and determining such complaints shall be governed by subparts F, G, and H of these Rule.≈ 
allegations will bereviewed, investigated ormediated bytheExecutive Director ordesignee, asappropriate. ø§ 9.06≈ 
until thetime forappeal ofadecision hasexpired, unless asettlement hasbeen reached intheabsence ofa 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5843. A bill to establish a grant program at the Department of Homeland Security to promote cooperative research and development between the United States and Israel on cybersecurity; with an amendment (Rept. 114–826). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5877. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United StatesIsrael Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security research and antiterrorism programs relating to cybersecurity; and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–827, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Foreign Affairs discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5877 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. C OOK, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. CALVERT , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. ISSA, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. H UNTER): H.R. 6316. A bill to stop the Secretary of the Army from recouping a bonus or similar benefit provided to members of the California Army National Guard between January 1, 2004, and December 31, 2010, unless the Secretary can prove that the member knowingly secured the bonus or similar benefit through fraud or misrepresentation or knowingly failed to perform the service requirement upon which the bonus or similar benefit was conditioned, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. JONES , and Ms. J UDY CHUof California): H.R. 6317. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that veterans with serviceconnected disabilities related to mental health are not barred, because of such disabilities, from readjustment counseling and related mental health services under such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. CLAY, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. TEDLIEU of California, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. COOPER , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. DUCKWORTH ): H.R. 6318. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide an increase in premium pay for certain Federal employees performing protective services during any year in which a presidential election is held, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6319. A bill to absolve debts resulting from the payment of certain recruitment and reenlistment bonuses to members of the California National Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6320. A bill to include information regarding VA home loans in the Informed Consumer Choice Disclosure required to be provided to a prospective FHA borrower who is a veteran, to amend title 10, United States Code, to authorize the provision of a certificate of eligibility for VA home loans during the preseparation counseling for members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6321. A bill to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. ROYCE , Mr. B ERA, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. DENT, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. HANNA , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. HECK of Nevada, Mr. H ILL, Mr. LAMALFA , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. MARINO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. MENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. NUNES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S ALMON, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. VALADAO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. GABBARD , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 6322. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Norman Yoshio Mineta in recognition of his courageous, principled dedication to public service, civic engagement, and civil rights; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. BERA, Mr. C OOK, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. DENHAM , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. PELOSI , Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. HONDA , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. FARR, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. N UNES , Mrs. CAPPS , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. AGUILAR , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. B ECERRA , Mrs. TORRES , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B ASS, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. ROYCE , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Ms. H AHN, Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , and Mrs. DAVIS of California): H.R. 6323. A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. G RANGER , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. M CGOVERN): H. Con. Res. 172. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that public health professionals should be commended for their dedication and continued service to the United States on ‘‘Public Health Thank You Day’’, November 21, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 6316. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 6317. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof’’. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 6318. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6319. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6320. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6321. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 6322. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 6323. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. G RAHAM . H.R. 379: Mr. ELLISON and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 525: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 546: Mr. LATTA , Mr. M ICA, Mr. RENACCI , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 711: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 793: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 799: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 836: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 841: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 923: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 973: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 1188: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 1220: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. T HORN BERRY . H.R. 1247: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1287: Mr. LABRADOR . H.R. 1355: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1391: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1453: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 1559: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 1571: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 1598: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 1608: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. KATKO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. MICA. H.R. 1686: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1706: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1814: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 2216: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 2224: Mr. MCNERNEY and Ms. J UDYCHU of California. H.R. 2280: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2412: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2450: Mr. MOULTON , Ms. M ENG, and Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 2493: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. H IMES, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Ms. ESTY. H.R. 2500: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 2553: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2622: Mr. MASSIE and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 2692: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2694: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2887: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2963: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 2972: Ms. GRAHAM , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 3012: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3119: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3163: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 3166: Ms. NORTON , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. PETERSON , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. LEE. H.R. 3238: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3339: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3520: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. SMITH of Washington, and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 3535: Ms. LOFGREN and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 3656: Ms. GABBARD and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 3666: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. DELANEY , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . H.R. 3706: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. C RAMER , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. HAHN, Mr. A BRAHAM , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 3861: Mr. BEYER and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . H.R. 3884: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 3885: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 4055: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4073: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4144: Ms. LEE. H.R. 4146: Mr. CICILLINE . 
H.R. 4147: Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 4184: Ms. TITUS and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4204: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 4355: Ms. BROWN of Florida and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4445: Ms. LEE. H.R. 4526: Mr. BYRNE and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4559: Mr. GOODLATTE and Mr. W ITTMAN. H.R. 4603: Ms. GRAHAM . H.R. 4622: Mr. ZINKE and Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 4625: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 4668: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4683: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 4794: Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, Mr. TIBERI , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4795: Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, Mr. TIBERI , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4813: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4818: Mr. HILLand Mr. N UGENT . H.R. 4907: Miss RICEof New York, Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. DOLD. H.R. 4919: Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. RIBBLE , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 4938: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. ISSA, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. KATKO , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. STEWART , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. BABIN, Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 4989: Mr. HONDA and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 5076: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 5083: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5085: Ms. FUDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. LEE. H.R. 5235: Ms. ESHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. SPEIER , and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 5256: Mr. GALLEGO and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 5332: Mr. ROSKAM and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 5373: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, and Mr. H ECKof Wash ington. H.R. 5418: Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 5422: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5474: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5488: Mr. HONDA , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5506: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 5619: Mr. JONES , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 5621: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5622: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5624: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 5695: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5732: Mr. YOHO, Mr. S MITH of New Jer sey, Ms. SINEMA , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. TORRES , and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 5734: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5855: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 5928: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 5942: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. SCHRADER , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 5955: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 5961: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 5974: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 6003: Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. H.R. 6036: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. KEATING , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. ROYCE . H.R. 6048: Mr. PAYNE and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 6072: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 6073: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 6097: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 6108: Ms. CASTOR of Florida and Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 6117: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Ms. NORTON . H.R. 6122: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 6131: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 6149: Mr. MCGOVERN , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. KUSTER , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 6164: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 6168: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, and Ms. J UDY CHUof California. H.R. 6197: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 6205: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 6208: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. M CGOVERN. H.R. 6212: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. WELCH . H.R. 6265: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 6275: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. L EE, Ms. NORTON , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 6287: Mr. BYRNE and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 6297: Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. KINGof New York. H. Con. Res. 161: Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. HIMES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. KILMER . H. Res. 12: Mr. DIAZBALART . H. Res. 289: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 540: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, and Mr. THOMPSON of California. H. Res. 647: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. VISCLOSKY . H. Res. 683: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 750: Mr. SHERMAN . H. Res, 848: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, and Ms. P INGREE . H. Res. 854: Ms. PINGREE and Ms. N ORTON . H. Res. 861: Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B EYER , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. NOLAN , and Mr. M EEKS . H. Res. 871: Mr. WALZ, H. Res. 885: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Miss R ICE of New York, and Mr. VALADAO . H. Res. 899: Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. TAKANO . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6317 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2016 No. 163 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by 