Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, equality, justice, and opportunity for all cannot coexist in a society where bigotry, misogyny, antiSemitism, and other kinds of hatred are accepted or even encouraged. Only one of these two sets of values has made our country great, while the other has the ability to further divide and ultimately destroy us. Following the Presidentelect’s appointment of Steve Bannon as White House Chief Strategist, my office received hundreds of calls and letters from concerned constituents deeply worried about an administration that pits people against one another, creates scapegoats, and goes against the better angels of our nature. If the Presidentelect wants to be the President for all Americans, he simply cannot surround himself with individuals that tolerate, inspire, or participate in hate speech. With reports of biasbased attacks continuing to rise following the election, we must remain focused on ensuring that no American, regardless of race, religion, gender, or sexual orientation, feels marginalized or afraid in his or her own community. We must remember that there will always be more that unites us than divides us. It is up to us to stop hatred wherever we see it, especially in the halls of government. f 
DEMOCRACY FOR CUBA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, over the years, I have come down here regularly to the Chamber, one of the most iconic symbols of our wonderful democracy, and urged the United States to do more to support the cause of freedom for my native homeland, the island nation of Cuba. In tow would be posters just like the one I have here today, depicting images of the real Cuba, the Cuba in which opposition to the Castro regime is met with violence and harassment, extrajudicial punishment and confinement in one of the many Cuban gulags built by Fidel Castro. These images would show what the regime under Fidel Castro would do to the Ladies in White depicted here. These women, clad in white, carrying flowers, march peacefully to mass at a Catholic church every Sunday, praying for their loved ones wrongfully imprisoned by the regime, only to be harassed and beaten by Castro’s thugs. I came to this floor to offer my support for these brave women; like Laura Pollan, who was mysteriously killed, no doubt by the regime, and Berta Soler, pictured here. Mr. Speaker, I have come to this very floor denouncing the Castro regime’s treatment of opposition leaders like Jorge Luis Garcia ‘‘Antunez’’ Perez, who was imprisoned for 17 years by Castro for speaking out against communism and refusing the regime’s communist reeducation program. I spoke out in support of Dr. Oscar Elias Biscet, who was sentenced to 25 years in Castro’s prisons for crimes committed against Cuban sovereignty, which, in Cuba, is code for calling for reforms; and he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by George W. Bush. I stood here for Coco Farinas, right over here. Coco Farinas went on a 50 day hunger strike just recently to bring attention to the plight of the Cuban people. I also spoke in favor of Cuban rapper El Sexto, pictured here, who was jailed just last week, again, when the regime announced the tyrant’s death. I stood here in solidarity with Cubans, freedom fighters like Antonio Rodiles, pictured here, who was arrested hours before President Obama landed in Cuba earlier this year. Round up the usual suspects. I have come to this well time and time again to call attention to the abuses being committed by Fidel Castro against the Cuban people, the people of the homeland that I was forced to flee along with my family when I was a little girl, and to the people who have had everything taken away from them and could not speak for themselves. 
And I have come repeatedly to this very podium to call my colleagues’ attention to the threat that Fidel Castro and his regime pose to the U.S. and our national security. This thug, Fidel Castro, who attempted to infiltrate every level of our government through his intelligence service, like convicted spy Ana Belen Montes, who is currently still serving her prison sentence in a Texas jail. This despot, who aligned himself with the greatest threats to the U.S., like Iran and Russia, and allowed Russia to put up a facility in Cuba in order to spy on our Nation; this autocrat, who told the Ayatollah in Iran that both Iran and Cuba would bring the U.S. to its knees, and who tried to bring the world to nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Yet, this is a man who some world leaders and media want to romanticize. They whitewash his horrific crimes and claim that he was a legendary folk hero. The truth is, Mr. Speaker, Fidel Castro was a sadistic murderer, a tyrant, and a hypocrite. He was a thug who took control over all industries and Cuba and decried capitalism. Yet, somehow, he was likely worth about $1 billion when he died. When 11 million Cubans are barely struggling to get by under his Communist regime, this is a tyrant who died with more wealth than the entire island nation. Mr. Speaker, Fidel Castro is dead, and Cuba and the world are better for it. Now we have an opportunity to move forward by reversing some of this administration’s concessions to the Castro regime and press for reforms. It is time for the Cuban people to have the opportunity to achieve freedom and democracy for which they have been yearning. We must pressure the regime in the island of Cuba. We must not relent until there are free and fair elections, until all political prisoners are freed, and until the people’s basic and fundamental human rights are restored. Is that too much to ask for the enslaved and oppressed people of Cuba? Let that be how we honor the countless Cubans who have lost their lives or who have suffered under the terrible dictatorship of Fidel Castro. That is some legacy. 
DRAINING THE SWAMP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I remember the closing ad in the Trump campaign. He was going to drain the swamp. Good. And then he had the CEO of Goldman Sachs up there, who represented the global elite who robbed the working class of their savings and homes. Pretty powerful stuff, and I will tell you what, I pretty much agreed with it. Now, he is already working on draining the swamp, so things are showing up in D.C. that you haven’t seen for a while. I was walking down the street by Trump Tower International last night and I found this laying in the street. Now, I haven’t seen this since a guy named Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Paulson, former CEO of Goldman Sachs, was Secretary of the Treasury under George Bush and he came to Congress after Wall Street destroyed our economy with reckless gambling and asked for an unlimited bailout of Wall Street, the key to the Treasury. Now, I opposed that and, for one proud day, the House of Representatives didn’t bail out Wall Street. Unfortunately, the Senate came back to town. They got scared by Wall Street tanking the market. They bailed out Wall Street and a number of my colleagues in the House changed their votes, so they all got bailed out. Well enough, good. Now, that is Goldman Sachs that says please return to Goldman Sachs. Well, Donald Trump is returning the key to the Treasury to Goldman Sachs. Ain’t that great? That’s draining the swamp folks; draining the swamp. A guy named Mnuchin—now he is a film producer, but he made a fortune at Goldman Sachs; his dad worked at Goldman Sachs for 33 years; his brother still works at Goldman Sachs—is going to get the key to the Treasury. Now, he also made a fortune during the TARP bailout by buying an asset, IndyMac, and dispossessing tens of thousands of people of their homes. So I would say that Mr. Trump, the candidate, and the ad was right. These people at Goldman Sachs and elsewhere are the global elite who have stolen people’s savings, who have taken away their homes. But now he is putting them back in charge. Mr. Mnuchin is getting the key to the Treasury, Goldman Sachs executive, dad, lifetime Goldman Sachs executive, brother still working at Goldman Sachs. How the heck is that draining the swamp? f 
PRESIDENTELECT TRUMP MAY HAVE WON THE POPULAR VOTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, Presidentelect Donald Trump opined in a tweet on November 27 that: ‘‘In addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.’’ As would be expected, a circus of leftwing, media pundits immediately pounced on Presidentelect Trump’s opinion in an effort to silence serious discussion of the noncitizen voter fraud problem. For example, PolitiFact, a selfproclaimed purveyor of truth, gave Trump’s statement a ‘‘Pants on Fire’’ evaluation and stated: ‘‘Neither Trump nor his allies have presented any evidence of widespread illegal voting. In reality, studies have consistently shown that voter fraud is nowhere near common enough to call into question millions and millions of votes.’’ The truth is, PolitiFact and its allies ignore contrary studies and information. But isn’t that what you would expect of PolitiFact and its leftwing media allies that have, in effect, become the communications wing of the Democratic Party? A 2014 study by professors at Old Dominion University and George Mason University estimated that noncitizens vote 80 percent of the time for Democrats. Does anyone really expect Democrats and their media and pundit allies to object to or scrutinize illegal votes that may be the deciding factor in the election of Democrat candidates? Let me give but one example of how tens of millions of noncitizens are a threat to register to vote, and vote, in America’s elections. Alabama is my home State. Our laws limit voting to American citizens. That sounds pretty reasonable to me, that only Americans should vote in American elections. In order to limit American elections to American citizens, Alabama code section 31–13–28 requires proof of citizenship to register to vote. The code lists 13 different documents that are conclusive proof of citizenship, things like driver’s licenses, birth certificates, passports, naturalization documents, adoption papers, military service documents. Further, an American can offer any other document that is proof of citizenship. In January of 2016, the United States Election Assistance Commission approved Alabama’s proof of citizenship voter registration requirement. The League of Women Voters then challenged proof of citizenship laws in the Washington, D.C., Federal courts. In an astonishing ruling in September of 2016, a mere 6 weeks before the election, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia entered a preliminary injunction that barred Alabama, Kansas, Georgia and, indirectly, any other State from requiring proof of citizenship to register to vote. The Court of Appeals’ ruling opens the floodgates for voting by tens of millions of illegal aliens and other citizens on American soil, thus blatantly undermining the American Republic for which so many Americans fought and died. The dissenting opinion of the Court of Appeals’ Senior Circuit Judge Randolph welldescribed the Court’s ruling, and I quote: ‘‘Of utmost importance is that on the eve of a Presidential election, and elections for Federal office, a court has issued an injunction forbidding Kansas, Georgia, and Alabama from enforcing their election laws, laws requiring those who seek to register to prove that they are citizens of this country. 
‘‘That order is unconstitutional. ‘‘In my view, the appeal should have been disposed on the ground that the League of Women Voters and their allies have not even come close to demonstrating the type of harm entitling them to an order suspending these State laws.’’ b1015 Notwithstanding Judge Randolph’s dissent, the bad guys prevailed. Now, what does all that mean? It means that, right before the Presidential election, Federal courts created a massive legal hole that empowers noncitizens to register to vote and, once registered, to vote in America’s elections with impunity, thereby undermining and diluting the vote of lawful Americans and striking at the very heart of our democracy. It means that Presidentelect Trump may very well be right that he ‘‘won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.’’ Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, we will never know for sure if hundreds of thousands or millions of noncitizens voted in the 2016 elections. Worse yet, if the leftwing media pundits continue to summarily dismiss and turn a blind eye to the problem, it will be harder to stop future elections from being stolen. 
FAREWELL ADDRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to condense 28 years into 5 minutes, but that is what I am going to try to do here. This is a wonderful opportunity that I have had to represent the Seventh District of the State of Washington, and I want to thank the people who sent me here. To represent people for 28 years, having their trust, is a great responsibility and a great honor. My constituents have witnessed the good times and the bad. They have offered encouragement when I did what they thought was right and were gracious to point out to me when they thought that I had veered from where they thought I should be. I have enduring thanks for what they did for me. I also want to thank my colleagues here in the House, my colleagues in the Washington State delegation, all the staff who have served me over these 28 years, and, of course, my family, who allowed me to serve here in the Congress. When I envisioned what might be my final speech on the floor of the House, I had hoped for a brighter political future than the one currently unfolding. For me and for millions of Americans, it is difficult to see the coming 4 years as anything short of calamitous. Never has the role of congressional oversight been as critical to the integrity of our Republic as it is now, and I beg my colleagues to remain vigilant as we confront this menacing wave of nativism, misogyny, and racism that is raging in our country. The systems of checks and balances underpin the very survival of the democracy, and this body must not fail in its constitutional responsibility to scrutinize every executive action and to pass sanction when the rights of the people are threatened. This is the people’s House, designed not just to reflect the will of the people, but also to ensure the rights of the people endure. The right to worship as you choose, the right to marry whom you love, the right to equal pay, the right to a livable wage, the right to affordable health care, the right to reproductive choice, and, of course, the basic founding rights affirmed by our earliest tenets and enshrined as ‘‘inalienable’’ are always at risk without the people’s advocate to protect them. As President Obama said in his second inaugural: History may deem equality for all as self evident, but we know these rights have never been selfexecuting; that while freedom is a gift from God, it must be secured by the people here on Earth. 
Mr. Speaker, you have a dark and difficult road ahead. Please do not lose sight of the fundamental decency and respect for our fellow citizens that has always made this country great. It is fashionable these days to ridicule the Congress, but I depart this institution steadfast in the belief that the government—and the Federal Government, in particular—can, should, and does make a positive impact on the lives of all Americans. Moreover, I am a proud member of the Democratic Party. We may spend the next couple of years massaging our message and regrouping our strength, but the values that define us as a party are as true and as important today as they ever were. This is still the party of social and economic justice; it is still the party of environmental protection; it is still the party of international diplomacy; it is still the party of guaranteed health care and quality education; and this will always—always—be the party of ethnic, racial, and gender inclusion. We are a party of service, of dignity, and of hope. I came to this House 28 years ago to work on health care, and with President Obama, we were able to get it started. It is incumbent on this body not to leave the American people out in the cold when they are sick or ailing or worried about whether they can go to the hospital and pay for what they have got. Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor to serve here. I leave here. It has been a good run, and I thank everyone who has been helpful to me during that period of time. Mr. Speaker, it’s hard to condense 28 remarkable years into five minutes, and it’s even harder to thank each of those people with whom I have worked and who have helped me over the course of this fortunate career. First, I want to thank the people of the 7th District of Washington State. It has been my privilege to serve them in the United States Congress. I leave forever grateful for their unwavering trust and support. My constituents have witnessed the good times and the bad; they offered encouragement when I did something right, and were gracious to point me in the right direction when I had wandered off the path. They have my enduring thanks. I also want to thank my colleagues here in the House; my colleagues in the Washington State delegation; all the staff who have served with me over the last 28 years; and of course my family who has supported me in my public service. When I envisioned giving what is perhaps my final speech on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives, I had hoped for a brighter political future than the one currently unfolding. For me, and for millions of Americans, it is difficult to see the coming four years as nothing short of calamitous. Never has the role of Congressional oversight been as critical to the integrity of our republic as it is now and I beg my colleagues to remain vigilant as we confront this menacing wave of nativism, misogyny, and racism that is raging our country. The system of checks and balances underpin the very survival of our democracy and this body must not fail in its Constitutional responsibility to scrutinize executive action and to pass sanction when the rights of the people are threatened. This is the ‘‘People’s House,’’ designed not just to reflect the will of the people, but also to ensure that the rights of those people endure. The right to worship as you choose; the right to marry who you love; the right to equal pay; the right to a livable wage; the right to affordable healthcare; the right to reproductive choice; and of course, those basic founding rights, affirmed by our earliest tenets and enshrined as ‘‘inalienable,’’ are always at risk without the people’s advocates to uphold them. As President Obama said in his Second Inaugural, history may deem equality for all as selfevident, but we know these rights have ‘‘never been selfexecuting; that while freedom is a gift from God, it must be secured by His people here on Earth.’’ My colleagues, you have a dark and difficult road ahead. Please do not lose sight of the fundamental decency and respect for our fellow citizens that has always made this country great. It is fashionable these days to ridicule the Congress, but I depart this institution steadfast in the belief that government, and the federal government in particular, can, should, and does make a positive impact on the lives of Americans. Moreover, I am a proud member of the Democratic Party. We may spend the next couple of years honing our message and regrouping our electoral strength, but the values that define us as a party are as true and important today as they ever were. This is still the party of social and economic justice; this is still the party of environmental protection; this is still the party of international diplomacy; this is still the party of guaranteed healthcare and quality education. And this will always be the party of ethnic, racial, and gender inclusion. 
We are the party of service, of dignity, and of I hope. I came to the House 28 years ago as a proud liberal. And that is how I am going to leave. Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor, and my privilege. 
WAR ON COAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, coal communities throughout West Virginia and Appalachia are struggling. This administration’s war on coal and market forces have combined to close coal mines and send thousands of coal miners to the unemployment lines. While we work to repeal onerous and overreaching regulations and reopen mines, we also need to diversify our economy. That means attracting new industries to our coal communities and creating new opportunities for investment. I have introduced, today, H.R. 6403, legislation that will help us do just that. The Creating Opportunities for Rural Economies Act would allocate a portion of available new markets tax credits to be used for development in communities impacted by the downturn in coal. Over the next 3 years, it would mean $525 million in credits for heavily impacted communities in West Virginia and Appalachia. These tax credits can be used to help spur investment for new businesses. They can go toward developing new mixeduse facilities, food and grocery stores in underserved communities, manufacturing, healthcare services, and so much more. I want to thank Senator SHELLEY  MOORE CAPITO for her leadership in the Senate on this important issue and legislation. Our coal communities deserve our support and help as they work to diversify their economies. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, with only weeks left in this Congress—2, to be exact—our retired coal miners and widows are wondering if we will act to protect them. At the end of the year, the healthcare benefits for many miners and their widows will dry up, and their pensions could be cut in the months and years ahead. When they went down into the mines, they were made a promise: when you retire, you will have a good pension and healthcare benefits. Now that promise is in jeopardy. The pensions and benefits they worked their whole lives for are in jeopardy. Mr. Speaker, time is running out to do the right thing by our miners and their families. But we have a solution: the Coal Healthcare and Pensions Protection Act, legislation I am a proud cosponsor of. It is a bipartisan bill, and a similar bill is pending in the Senate. Congress needs to act to fulfill this promise, to keep our word to the miners of West Virginia and other coal States. These miners and their families deserve no less than what they worked their entire lives to earn: the peace of mind that comes with a pension. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to keep the promise and support this important legislation. Time is running out to stand up for our miners and their families. f 
STRENGTHENING THE PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN ISRAEL AND THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of recent efforts to strengthen the partnership between Israel and the United States by this Congress. Our countries have a long and important friendship. That is why my and this Congress’ support of H.R. 5877, the United StatesIsrael Advanced Research Partnership Act, and H.R. 5843, the United StatesIsrael Cybersecurity Cooperation Enhancement Act, two bills that advance the vital goal of bolstering the U.S.Israeli partnership on security, are so important. These bills focus specifically on strengthening cybersecurity collaboration through grants, research, and antiterrorism programs. Knowing of the security challenges Israel faces in its region, these measures would reinforce our commitment to our most critical ally in the Middle East at a time when the evolving threat of a cybersecurity attack has never been more serious. It is imperative we continue to work together on the security issues faced by our respective countries. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of bipartisan legislation to improve and simplify the decisionmaking process for our student veterans. H.R. 5047, the Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act, would help veterans clearly understand if and how their coursework credits might transfer between schools. The legislation would require the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide student veterans with detailed information about education assistance benefits, including how to request free education counseling services at the VA. For our veterans who wish to obtain or complete a degree, access to this information can not only save them countless administrative headaches, but also precious time and money. I am proud to support measures such as this bill that would streamline the transition for veterans into civilian life and provide them with the tools and resources to succeed. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. FINDING CURES  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 34, the 21st Century Cures Act, a bipartisan bill that focuses solely on solutions for patients. All of us have been affected, whether directly or indirectly, by tragic diseases. That is why advancing and improving medical innovation and providing muchneeded resources that are required for finding cures, which this bill would do, are such important goals. The 21st Century Cures Act would target diseases that do not yet have a cure. Bringing safe, effective drugs and devices to Pennsylvanians and Americans in a more efficient manner will benefit our families and communities. This bill would also bring muchneeded certainty to job creators and help keep Pennsylvania at the forefront of medical innovation. In Congress, we have a responsibility to ensure that resources are available to help defeat these yet incurable diseases. This bill is a significant step forward toward this goal. The 21st Century Cures Act also includes important mental health reform measures. I have focused much of my attention since coming into office on ways to make Pennsylvania communities healthier and safer, and families across my district have shared their stories about how mental health issues impact individuals, families, and communities. Muchneeded reforms are included in this bill: empowering patients and caregivers, ensuring availability of treatment, encouraging students to choose careers in mental health, providing for those on the front lines, and maintaining transparency in government programs. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate HomeNet Automotive, a company in my district, on receiving the Tech360 Technology Team of the Year Award from the Chester County Economic Development Council. I had the opportunity to visit HomeNet Automotive over the summer and enjoyed learning about their innovative company, which is bringing jobs and forwardlooking technology to our community. HomeNet Automotive makes the SnapLot Photo Capture App, which provides car dealers with the ability to update the inventory it displays on their Web sites. A tech team from the company based in East Whiteland, Chester County, updated the technology to improve its ease of use for dealers. The app is currently used by dealers nationwide as well as at Manheim Auto Auctions, with the possibility of expanding with Manheim into Europe. I am very proud of that company in Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I wish to bring attention to the leadership of Ryan Vargo, a senior up at Pottsgrove School District, and his role in helping expand recreational opportunity at the Upper Pottsgrove Township Park. He spearheaded a project to install donated playground equipment at Hollenbach Park off North Hanover Street, adding recreational opportunity for children in the Pottsgrove community. It is a testament to how our country and its future is great when we look at student leaders and what they are doing in their teenage years to help improve communities across this Commonwealth and across this country. 
b1030 MINNESOTA’S BEST AND BRIGHTEST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate five outstanding students in my district who have earned a Fulbright scholarship this year. Austin Barkley of Sartell, Paul Creager of Stillwater, Amy Grant of Big Lake, Natalie Hoidal of Forest Lake, and Jenna Maus of Kimball will each have the onceinalifetime opportunity to lecture, study, teach English, or do research in foreign countries that range from Mexico to Malaysia. Each of these Fulbright scholars will not only have the ability to promote healthy relations and diplomacy with foreign nations, but they will also bring home the knowledge and leadership experience they will gain while abroad. Many past participants of this program have gone on to achieve success in a variety of fields, with some even serving here in Congress. I have no doubt we will see great things from each of these exceptional individuals, and I congratulate and wish them luck on their exciting adventure. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Bruce and Sharon Johnson of East Bethel and the Minnesota Fresh Farm for being named the Anoka County Farm Family of the Year by the University of Minnesota. For the past 2 decades, the University of Minnesota has chosen top farming families for their work promoting our State’s great agricultural industry. The Minnesota Fresh Farm has been passed down from one generation of the Johnson family to the next and is currently being farmed by Bruce and Sharon Johnson, along with their son, Luke; and his wife, Liz. This year, the Johnson family was chosen for the efforts they have made to educate Minnesota’s youth about farming. This includes working with the Opportunity Services in Anoka, an organization that helps individuals with special needs so they can enjoy farming and the great outdoors. The Johnson family were also chosen because of their focus on sustainable production methods and growing food without using pesticides. I want to congratulate the Johnson family and thank them for their efforts to promote the farming life and Minnesota’s agricultural industry. INVESTING IN MINNESOTA ’S FUTURE  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a great Minnesota company that is actively helping our Nation’s students develop skills that will help them shine in their future success. I am proud that Minnesota’s own Best Buy Foundation is giving grants to form programs that will give students the chance to master important technology skills, like coding and graphic design. The world that we are living in is rapidly transforming and technology is quickly becoming more than just a luxury—it is becoming a way of life and a key ingredient to our Nation’s future success. What is perhaps most commendable about Best Buy’s grant program is that it targets teens who live in underserved communities. If we as a Nation hope to remain not only relevant, but competitive, then everybody must have the chance to strive. I would like to thank the Best Buy Foundation for recognizing the importance of serving the underserved. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 12 Stearns County dispatchers who received medals of merit for their work during the horrific attack at the Crossroads Center Mall. What seemed like a normal night at a mall in central Minnesota quickly turned into a nightmare when a man began to attack shoppers with a knife. As the attacks unfolded, chaos ensued. What kept this dangerous situation from getting even worse was the dedicated work of these 12 professionals. In 2 hours, they took 250 calls and they made numerous calls to emergency responders to keep them abreast on the most current details of the attack. As a result of their work, there was no loss of life and all shoppers and first responders were able to return home safely to their loved ones that night. While words can never express the full extent of our gratitude, I am proud to stand here today to thank these men and women for their heroic efforts. 
RECOGNIZING REPRESENTATIVE RON STEPHENS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my lifelong friend, Representative Ron Stephens from Savannah, Georgia, for being awarded the Distinguished Alumnus Award from Armstrong State University. Chairman Stephens represents the 164th District in the Georgia General Assembly. During his time in the legislature, he has done a remarkable job representing his constituents. Currently, he is the chairman of the House Economic Development and Tourism Committee and a member of the Appropriations, Rules, and Ways and Means Committees, allowing him to advocate important issues for his constituency. In addition, Governor Nathan Deal appointed Mr. Stephens to the Georgia Tourism Foundation. Before his time in the Georgia General Assembly, Chairman Stephens was already working for the betterment of his community. He began his career in pharmacy and served the medical needs of others for 37 years. Thereafter, he served as a councilman in Garden City, Georgia. I am proud of my lifelong friend for his work, and I am overjoyed that he is receiving the Distinguished Alumnus Award from Armstrong State University. RECOGNIZING COACH DOYLE KELLEY  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Doyle Kelley from Savannah, Georgia, who passed away on September 30. Mr. Kelley, known throughout the Savannah community as Coach Kelley, dedicated his life to teaching and mentoring students. After graduating from Armstrong State University in 1969, Coach Kelley started coaching Jenkins High School’s basketball team, sparking his commitment to students. Coach Kelley’s passion shows not only in his incredible success on the court, but also the notorious testimonials from students about how he changed their lives for the better. After he moved to coach basketball at Savannah Christian Preparatory School, he had 427 victories in basketball, along with 18 State championships in three sports, but the number of students he positively impacted is far greater. After his successful years in the sport, Coach Kelley served as the high school principal for 14 years at Savannah Christian until his retirement. His caring and compassionate nature was seen by everyone in the community, from friends, colleagues, students, and certainly family members. Coach Kelley’s presence in the community will be deeply missed and felt by all who had the pleasure of knowing him. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask for your thoughts and prayers for Mr. Winston Hencely. Mr. Hencely was injured in the suicide attack on Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan on November 12. Four brave Americans were killed in the attack 
and Mr. Hencely was one of 16 soldiers who were injured. He was immediately transported to Germany for treatment and surgery, but is currently in critical condition. This attack is a sobering reminder of the harsh reality that our soldiers must endure during their deployment. I encourage everyone to keep our Nation’s soldiers in their thoughts and, especially, Mr. Winston Hencely during his time of need. Mr. Hencely, thank you for your service to our country, and we will be with you every step of the way. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. John Rutledge, who passed away on September 11, 2016, at the age of 96. Mr. Rutledge’s life has been quite extraordinary as he has been on hand for some incredible events in our Nation’s history. On December 7, 1941, Mr. Rutledge was aboard the USS California during the attack on Pearl Harbor, narrowly escaping with his life. The next year, he was at the Battle of Midway in the Pacific Ocean, covering the battle as a photographer and filming the burning of Japanese ships. Mr. Rutledge continued his service to our Nation long after his time with the military and fighting in World War II. For the next 20 years, he taught science classes at Pensacola High School. I am proud to honor someone who dedicated so much of his life to the betterment of our Nation. Mr. Rutledge, you will be greatly missed. 
FINDING CURES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of legislation that begins making strides toward enhancing our ability to combat some of the toughest diseases of our time—the 21st Century Cures Act. From improving the development and approval process of drugs and devices, to bettering our ability to diagnose and treat diseases like Alzheimer’s and diabetes, this legislation will have a positive impact on countless lives. I further applaud provisions in the bill that address mental health issues and opioid abuse, both crises that tear families apart in my home district of St. Louis and across our Nation. However, I also rise today to say that passing this bill must not be the end of our efforts, but, rather, the beginning— the beginning as we look towards a better day for thousands of children fighting against pediatric cancers. Mr. Speaker, the 21st Century Cures Act legislation outlines that rare and pediatric diseases and conditions should remain a biomedical research priority. While the bill provides an additional $4.8 billion to the National Institutes of Health, I see little that suggests a sufficient amount of this money will be dedicated to pediatric research and care. This past October, I had the opportunity to tour the Cardinals Kids Cancer Center at Mercy Hospital in St. Louis and meet with families affected by pediatric cancer, including the Leslie family. The Leslies’ son, Caleb, was diagnosed with Ewing’s sarcoma, a rare type of bone cancer, when he was just 10 years old. Despite the incredible strength that Caleb showed in his more than 2year fight with cancer, he ultimately lost the battle on July 22, 2015. I was shocked when the Leslies told me that childhood cancer receives only 4 percent of the National Cancer Institute’s annual research budget—only 4 percent—an absurdly small amount of money for a population with countless life years ahead of them. In fiscal year 2016, the NCI was appropriated $5.21 billion, and only $208 million of this went toward childhood cancer research. Childhood cancer does not discriminate based on gender, race, or social class. These are diseases that could affect any of our children at any time. It is my hope that going forward, as both a lawmaker and a mother of three children, that we can prioritize NCI research funding to give every child a fighting chance at a healthy and happy future. I am committed to giving families like the Leslies solace, solace in knowing that maybe one less family will have to suffer the tragic loss that they endured. f 
GATLINBURG FIRE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, Tennesseans have experienced the worst of Mother Nature this week—from the tornadoes in my own district to the historic wildfires that ravaged the Gatlinburg community. These fires forced a mass evacuation, destroyed hundreds of homes and businesses, and tragically caused three known fatalities so far. Today I rise to call for prayer for our neighbors in the beautiful Smoky Mountains region of our State, to remember those precious lives lost, and to recognize our heroic first responders who have worked diligently to contain the damage. As the work continues, we pray that healing rain would fall, literally, across eastern Tennessee this week, that businesses would be able to quickly reopen, and that visitors would once again flock to this treasured region of our State to experience all that Gatlinburg has to offer. 
FIDEL CASTRO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, last week marked the death of the tyrant in Cuba, Fidel Castro. This is a man whose regime was marked by the suppression of Godgiven rights—the right to religion, to speech, to assemble. The people who disagreed with the regime in Castro’s Cuba were jailed or tortured. People who had spent their lives building businesses, restaurants, and hotels had their property confiscated after the Cuban revolution. People were executed by the thousands who ran afoul of the regime. b1045 Now, in preCastro Cuba, you had economic opportunity and prosperity, but you did have a yearning for democratic reforms. It was effectively an authoritarian system, and Castro capitalized on this by pointing out that we needed to have free elections. There were people who supported Castro initially because they thought he was going to usher in democratic reforms. He duped people. Once he had the opportunity to seize power, he sided with the Soviet Union and imposed a Stalinist tyranny on the small island nation. I think it is interesting, when people look back, to see how poorly Cuba has done under his rule. Compare that with a lot of the Cuban exiles who left Castro’s tyranny. These are people—many of them—who came to Florida. A lot of them didn’t speak the language. They were in a new country and didn’t necessarily have a whole lot of advantages; yet Cuban Americans, in our country, have excelled at all levels—in business, in government, in athletics, in entertainment. You name it. Meanwhile, you look at the people, over the last decades, in Cuba, and unless you are attached to the ruling class—the regime—to the intelligence services, or to the military, you basically have no shot to do anything to advance your life and to make the most of your Godgiven abilities. Of the Cuban exiles who came to Florida, a lot of them were responsible for really putting Miami on the map. I think that shows that, when you have folks fleeing from a tyranny and going to freedom, they can succeed beyond people’s wildest dreams, but the people who are suffering under the tyranny just have nowhere to go. It is funny because, if you look at some of the media reports, Castro is lauded by some as an egalitarian—that this was a big deal that he was an egalitarian. Look, I have to admit that part of that was true. I mean, he was an egalitarian in the sense that he inflicted the equal suffering—equal misery—upon broad crosssections of the Cuban people. That much is true, but it is obviously false in the sense that his thing was not egalitarianism. It was to amass power for himself. He died a billionaire. This was the avantgarde of the working class, supposedly. He was a billionaire while many Cubans struggled to even eat, and, certainly, they could not prosper. 
We also shouldn’t forget that this was a very reckless leader. He brought the world to the brink of a nuclear confrontation in 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Once the Soviet Union expired and we had access to these files, Castro was urging Khrushchev to nuke the United States. So you had Khrushchev—this crusty, Communist, Soviet leader—having to be the voice of reason in telling Castro: no, we are not going to do that, or we will end up in a thermonuclear war. If it had been up to Fidel Castro, those nuclear bombs would have been launched. This is not a complicated legacy. This is not the George Washington of Cuba, as some have said. Washington refused power. He won a war, refused power, and could have aggrandized power for himself. He did the exact opposite. Castro wrecked Cuba and turned it into an island prison in order to amass power and wealth for himself, and that is his legacy. The most damning evidence of his failure, of his tyranny, and of his evil nature are the tens of thousands of people who perished while fleeing Cuba and going through the Straits of Florida. Those watery graves really stand as a monument to Castro’s barbarity because these were people who knew that, very likely, they were not going to be able to make it as these were sharkinfested waters. Yet even the small chance of their escaping freedom and Castro’s tyranny was so oppressive that they were willing to do that while knowing that they would, most likely, meet their own demise. As we look forward, let’s be honest about the nature of this regime. Let’s commit to having policies that will actually put pressure on the regime and that will help those people who are still in Cuba and who are trying to fight the good fight for freedom, for free elections, and for democratic reforms. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Rabbi Shea Hecht, Hadar Hatorah Yeshiva, Brooklyn, New York, offered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, help us be honest enough to admit our shortcomings, brilliant enough to accept flattery without arrogance, tall enough to tower above deceit, strong enough to treasure love, brave enough to welcome criticism, compassionate enough to understand human frailties, wise enough to recognize our mistakes, humble enough to appreciate greatness, and righteous enough to be devoted to the love of God. Almighty God, inspire the leaders in Congress to inspire all the people. Bestow Your infinite blessings upon all the citizens of this great country. We pray for the safety of our Armed Forces and that every soldier return home safely after fulfilling Your mission. We pray that the world be a better place for all mankind; that we rid ourselves of prejudice and hatred, poverty and addiction, greed, jealousy, and selfishness, and that all these ills are replaced with love and harmony, peace and tranquility, respect and dignity, sanctity of marriage, family and community. May this country, the greatest country of the world, go from strength to strength. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. HIGGINS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HIGGINS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING RABBI SHEA HECHT The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Rabbi Shea Hecht for his opening prayer. Rabbi Hecht, a Chabad Rabbi, is the chairman of the board of the National Committee for the Furtherance of Jewish Education. Rabbi Hecht has brought together people of different faiths, races, and backgrounds in New York to promote peace through understanding. These principles hold true in New York, as they do throughout the country and right here in this body. One thing that my time in Congress has reinforced in me is that prayer matters. The daily opening prayers here in the Chamber set the tone for my day and often help me reflect on how to be a better husband, father, and Congressman. I join Rabbi Hecht in his pursuit for peace at home and abroad and thank him for his meaningful prayer. I certainly thank his family as well, including Rabbis Hanoch and Yitzchok, rabbis in the Hudson Valley. Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 21st Century Cures Act and the hope and help it brings to those whose lives have been touched by disease or addiction. In my western New York community, opioid overdoses doubled from 2014 to 2015, and, tragically, that number is expected to double again this year. This bill delivers funds to help States and families fight the epidemic. This legislation also makes substantial investments in pioneering research 
for those fighting cancer, Alzheimer’s, and other debilitating diseases, bringing us closer to the promise of better treatments and cures for the afflicted and hope to those who love and care for them. The 21st Century Cures Act also provides tens of billions of dollars more in research funds to accelerate promising cancer research in our Nation’s leading cancer centers, including Buffalo’s Roswell Park Cancer Institute. 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Adoption Month, which is observed each November. The goal of National Adoption Month is to increase national awareness of adoption and to bring attention to the need for permanent families for children and youth in the foster care system. As of September 30 of last year, there were more than 110,000 children across our Nation waiting to be adopted. This year, the initiative focuses on older youth adoptions, which has a special significance to me. When I was 11 years old, my family welcomed a foster care child, Bob, into our home. Bob, throughout the years, has been a part of my life since I was 11 and will be my brother for life. In fact, it is because of Bob that I developed a lifelong passion for scouting and was eventually motivated to a call to public service. I commend the men and women across our Nation who have selflessly decided to open their homes to these boys and girls, providing good homes at a very challenging time for these young people. To all the parents who have either adopted a child or participated in foster care: Thank you. 
HATE CRIMES (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak out against hate. Across our country, incidents of hate crimes and harassment are on the rise. Just this last week, the trend reared its ugly head in my hometown of Tallahassee. A community office was vandalized with the letters KKK painted across the door. With the rise in hate, we have also seen an increase in indifference. Too many are turning a blind eye. But there can be no tolerance for racism, bigotry or antiSemitism in the United States of America. The opposite of love is not hate. It is indifference. I won’t be indifferent. I won’t be silent. I am asking each of you to speak out against acts of hate wherever you see them. We cannot be bullied or intimidated. We must fight back. Together, we are stronger than any hatred. f 
HELPING DISABLED VETERANS (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the unanimous passage last night of the Veterans Mobility Safety Act. With this commonsense bill on its way to the President’s desk, we are making sure the mobility equipment veterans depend on is safe. The VA helps disabled veterans update their vehicles with things like wheelchair lifts and easier steering and braking to improve their quality of life. But outdated policies and lack of standards in the program have led to safety issues for veterans and the driving public. With my bill, the VA will develop new policies and standards to ensure veterans have access to safe, highquality mobility equipment. I thank Chairman MILLER for his tireless work on veterans’ issues, as well as my colleagues, Representatives BROWNLEY and R UIZ, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the National Mobility Equipment Dealers Association for their work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, we owe a debt of gratitude to our disabled veterans, and that includes making sure the mobility equipment they need is safe and reliable. With this bill, we are doing just that. 
FIDEL CASTRO’S DEATH (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of the announcement of Fidel Castro’s death, some world leaders and some in the media were quick to express their sorrow and sympathy for Castro. They fawned over a dictator, as Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau claimed he was ‘‘a legendary revolutionary and orator.’’ It is precisely this ignorance of Castro’s true nature that is so alarming. Fidel Castro was a ruthless tyrant who ruled with an iron fist. Castro was responsible for the deaths of countless Cubans, and he beat, jailed, and even tortured his opposition. Castro was a despot who confiscated private property and businesses. He subjugated Cuban citizens, and he took away all their freedoms and their rights. Fidel Castro was an avowed enemy of the United States. This is a thug who should be condemned and not eulogized. REMEMBERING REGIS BOBONIS OF SEWICKLEY, PENNSYLVANIA (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember an outstanding member of the Sewickley, Pennsylvania, community: the late Regis Bobonis, who passed away this past November 25. This great American was a man of many firsts. He was the first African American news reporter for the Pittsburgh PostGazette and the first African American television news reporter in Pittsburgh. Following his career in communications, he served as the public relations director for Mercy Hospital for 25 years. Prior to these achievements, Regis Bobonis served as a Petty Officer 3rd Class during World War II, and he was a committed husband, father, and grandfather. He and his late wife, Hurley Williams, remained married for 53 years before her passing. Through his work for the Daniel B. Matthews Historical Society in Sewickley, Mr. Bobonis discovered there were more Tuskegee Airmen from western Pennsylvania than any other State in the Nation. His discovery led him to spearhead the campaign that resulted in the largest outdoor memorial to the Tuskegee Airmen, which is in Sewickley Cemetery, pictured to my left. Mr. Bobonis’ sterling example and lasting contributions to our community will not be forgotten. May his family be consoled, and may he rest in peace. f 
BRIDGES TO HOPE (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I believe the number one way to move people from poverty to selfreliance is not a government program. If we want to make a difference in the lives of the impoverished, we must help them find a pathway to employment. In my hometown of Hot Springs, Arkansas, a nonprofit has taken this mission to heart. Cooperative Christian Ministries and Clinic works with disadvantaged residents to give them skills that will give them a step up in the workforce. The ministry’s program, Bridges to Hope, has worked with local employers in Hot Springs to put its graduates to work, and it is seeing great success. According to a report by the local SentinelRecord newspaper, Oaklawn Race Track has employed four graduates, all of whom have had a 100 percent success rate, according to Oaklawn General Manager Eric Jackson. The first Bridges to Hope class graduated only 90 days ago, but its success is already resounding as residents in 
the Fourth Congressional District of Arkansas are finding satisfaction and selfreliance through employment. I thank Bridges of Hope for its work in my hometown, and I hope to see its efforts not only grow, but also be replicated, because there is a better way to fight poverty and it is still the best antipoverty program of all time—a job. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR OVERTIME RULE UPDATE (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, last week, a Texas judge granted an emergency injunction against the Department of Labor’s overtime rule. This disastrous overtime rule is yet another attempt by this administration to legislate outside of reason and job description to impose their ‘‘we know what is best for you’’ agenda. This rule, set to go into effect December 1, would double the overtime salary threshold almost overnight. For Americans, this overtime rule would mean fewer job prospects, less flexibility, and less opportunity. I have stood before this body many times telling the stories of small businesses that have come to me and warned me of the struggles their employees and families would face because of this overtime rule. Schools and universities back home in my district were negatively impacted by this rule and the possibility of having to inform employees of a partial paycheck right before the holidays. Despite outcry and outrage from folks back home, the administration pushed forward with its unpopular overtime rule. Thankfully, the courts got it right. I thank the courts for standing up for the rule of law and the American people. 
b1215 THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY KEEPS STUDENTS SAFE (Mr. TIBERI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Ohio State University, their emergency management team, and all our police officers and first responders who took swift action on Monday to keep our students safe and stop an attacker wielding a knife. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims who were injured, and I wish them a quick and full recovery. As a fellow Buckeye, it is difficult to even fathom that senseless violence like this can happen even on one of our own campuses. I walked those sidewalks as a student, and just a few days ago I was with my wife on campus. With the unpredictable threats and the potential emergencies we face today, we must be prepared, and we must always be vigilant. I am sincerely grateful to The Ohio State University that they were ready. An OSU police officer, who is also a graduate of the university, is a hero for stopping a potential terror attack that ISIS has claimed responsibility for. The university effectively utilized emergency response protocol to keep thousands of students on campus out of harm’s way. Mr. Speaker, America’s universities and colleges are places where students should safely engage with their classmates, where they are challenged, and where they find opportunities to succeed in our great Nation. That is certainly the case at The Ohio State University. As we continue to pray for our students’ safety and security, we must stand with the Buckeye community. We are Buckeye strong. f 
HONORING WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY POLICE K9 OFFICER COLLIN ROSE (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to pay tribute to a fallen Wayne State University Police K9 Officer Collin Rose, who died in the line of duty on Tuesday, November 22, 2016. Officer Rose was a man of the community, who visited schools and trained police dogs. He was a Ferris State University Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Academy graduate. And tragically, Officer Rose became the fifth officer to be shot in the United States in a matter of days. It is completely unacceptable. This trend of violence and murder against the very people who serve and protect us, there are no words. It must stop. These brave men and women in uniform are more than their occupation. They are husbands, they are wives, they are brothers, and sisters. They are our children. In Officer Rose’s case, he was somebody’s fiance, preparing to get married in less than a year from now. As much as we think that their job is to protect us, it is our job to ensure their safety as well. Our communities must work with the police to open dialogue and voice concerns peacefully. Every single American must respect our police and men and women in uniform. Please join me today in praying for Officer Rose’s family, friends, and the entire Wayne State Police Force during this time of tragedy. His life and legacy will never be forgotten. SUPPORT INNOVATION, RESEARCH, AND LIFESAVING CURES TO DISEASES (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of innovation, research, and lifesaving cures to diseases that affect every family in every neighborhood of America. We are set to begin a new era in Washington in January, but we still have the opportunity to accomplish meaningful change before the end of this year. We have the opportunity to save lives by passing the 21st Century Cures Act and getting it signed into law. For example, right now, each year, 700,000 people die with Alzheimer’s disease annually. By 2050, estimates are that our country will spend over $1 trillion alone just to treat patients with Alzheimer’s. Yet, we spend just a few hundred million dollars a year on Alzheimer’s research. This weekend, 60 Minutes highlighted an NIHbacked Alzheimer’s study and the amazing work our researchers are doing to find a cure for this dreadful disease. 21st Century Cures increases our commitment to studies like these by adding almost $5 billion in new investment for research over the next 10 years. Mr. Speaker, if we support 21st Century Cures, we not only save lives, but our investment will pay for itself a thousand times over. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
REQUESTING RETURN OF H. CON. RES. 122, PROTECTION OF THE RIGHT OF TRIBES TO STOP THE EXPORT OF CULTURAL AND TRADITIONAL PATRIMONY RESOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following privileged message from the Senate: 
In the Senate of the United States, November 29, 2016. Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to request the House of Representatives to return to the Senate the Concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 122) entitled ‘‘Concurrent resolution supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally.’’, together with all accompanying papers, and that upon the compliance of the request, the Enrolling Clerk of the Senate may make a technical correction in the engrossment of the aforesaid bill. Attest: JULIE E . ADAMS , Secretary 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the request of the Senate is agreed to, and H. Con. Res. 122 and the Senate amendment thereto will be returned to the Senate. There was no objection. 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 2943, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY submitted the following conference report and statement on the bill (S. 2943) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
CONFERENCE REPORT (H. R EPT. 114–840) The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 2943), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the House and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defensewide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
In carrying out the disposal of munitions in the stockpile of conventional munitions awaiting demilitarization and disposal, the Secretary of the Army may use costcompetitive technologies that minimize waste generation and air emissions as alternatives to disposal by open burning, open detonation, direct contact combustion, and incineration. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide, for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense issues guidance on the process by which members of the Armed Forces may carry an appropriate firearm on a military installation, as required by section 526 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 813; 10 U.S.C. 2672 note). 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to develop or field new camouflage uniforms, new utility uniforms, or new families of uniforms until the date that is one year after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees notice of the intent of the Secretary to develop or field such uniforms. 
DEPARTMENTS .—Not more than onethird of the personnel employed by or detailed to the Commission may be on detail from the Department of Defense and other executive branch departments. 
Except as otherwise provided in this subtitle, the Commission shall terminate not later than 36 months after the Commission establishment date. Subtitle G—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition 
Subtitle H—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters 
The Secretaries of each of the military departments shall ensure that each member of the Armed Forces with dependents receives annually, and prior to each deployment, notice of the child custody protections afforded to members of the Armed Forces under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.). 
Section 1411 of the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 929) is repealed. 
Annual deductible E4 & below: $50 / $100 $150 / $300 Network 
E5 & above: $150 / $300 $300 / $600 out of network 
Outpatient visit civilian network $15 primary care $25 primary care 
Out of network: 20% 25% of out of network 
Durable medical equipment civilian network 10% of negotiated fee 20% network 
Inpatient visit civilian network $60 per network admission $175 per admission network 
Inpatient skilled nursing/rehab civilian $25 per day network $50 per day network 
$50 per day out of network Lesser of $300 per day or 20% of billed charges out of network 
Durable medical equipment civilian network $0 20% of negotiated fee, network 
Inpatient skilled nursing/rehab civilian $0 $30 per day network 
specific measures of accountability for performance to be incorporated into the annual performance reviews of each such position pursuant to this section. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Defense Acquisition University shall develop and implement a training program for Department of Defense acquisition personnel on fixedpriced incentive fee contracts, publicprivate partnerships, performancebased contracting, and other authorities in law and regulation designed to give incentives to contractors to achieve longterm savings and improve administrative practices and mission performance. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall include in the annual report to Congress on the Government Accountability Office each year a list of the most common grounds for sustaining protests relating to bids for contracts during such year. 
The Department of Defense shall select service providers for auditing services and audit readiness services based on the best value to the Department, as determined by the resource sponsor for an auditing contract, rather than based on the lowest price technically acceptable service provider. 
Section 955 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1896; 10 U.S.C. 129a note) is repealed. Subtitle C—Joint Chiefs of Staff and Combatant Command Matters 
Subtitle D—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report ranking all military departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The report should not include information otherwise available in other reports to Congress. 
The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service and the Director of the Bureau of Economic Analysis, shall post on the public Internet website of the Department of Defense the costs to each United States taxpayer of each of the wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria. 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ has the meaning 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act’’. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defensewide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
constraint on the execution of such funds in support of base requirements, including any restriction, limitation, or constraint imposed by, or described in, the document entitled ‘‘Criteria for War/Overseas Contingency Operations Funding Requests’’ transmitted by the Director to the Department of Defense on September 9, 2010, or any successor or related guidance. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
Section 8048 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (division C of Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2363) is repealed. 
It is the sense of Congress that, to the greatest extent practicable, the National Guard should continuously seek ways to improve, expand, and provide resources for its communications and networking systems to enhance the performance and resilience of such systems in the face of cyber attacks, disruptions, and other threats. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2017 or 2018 may be obligated or expended to retain the option for, or develop, a mobile variant of the groundbased strategic deterrent missile. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Guam World War II Loyalty Recognition Act’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall issue guidance pertaining to the amendments made by this title to the Small Business Act and section 8127 of title 38, United States Code. The Administrator and the Secretary shall provide notice and opportunity for comment on such guidance for a period of not less than 60 days. Subtitle E—Improving Cyber Preparedness for Small Businesses 
Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 344) is amended to read as follows: 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. 
Army: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Army: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State or Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Navy: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Navy: Inside the United States—Continued State Installation or Location Amount 
Navy: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Navy: Family Housing State Installation or Location Units Amount 
Navy: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Navy: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Navy: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations —Continued State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Air Force: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Air Force: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Air Force: Extension of 2013 Project Authorization State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Air Force: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States —Continued State Installation or Location Amount 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Energy Conservation Projects: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required inkind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept military construction projects for the installations or locations, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects Country Component Installation or Location Project Amount 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve State Location Amount 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2016, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2603 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for construction of a Reserve Training Center at that location, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire approximately 8.5 acres (370,260 square feet) of adjacent land, obtain necessary interest in land, and construct road improvements and associated supporting facilities to provide required access to the Reserve Training Center. 
National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2013 Project Authorization State Installation or Location Project Amount 
National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2016, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
It is the sense of Congress that the reference to a system for the collection or treatment of wastewater in the definition of ‘‘utility system’’ in section 2688 of title 10, United States Code, which authorizes the Department of Defense to convey utility systems, includes stormwater systems and components. 
The Secretary of Defense shall not sign a memorandum of agreement with another Federal agency to provide the agency with a vacant facility for purposes of temporary housing support unless the Secretary first submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and Senate a certification that the provision of the facility to the agency for such purpose will not negatively affect military training, operations, readiness, or other military requirements, including National Guard and Reserve readiness. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
O’CALLAGHAN ’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘
The Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
The Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States Country Installation Amount 
The United States (including all departments, agencies, officers, and employees of the United States) shall be held harmless and shall not be liable for any injury or damage to any individual or property suffered in the course of any mining, mineral, or geothermal activity, or any other authorized nondefenserelated activity, conducted on the BLM land. 
1⁄2 of the original members of the Community Group to serve for a term of 4 years and the other 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2017 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2017 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for defense environmental cleanup for program direction, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Energy submits to Congress the futureyears defense environmental cleanup plan required to be submitted during 2017 under section 4402A of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2582a). 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pribilof Islands Transition Completion Amendments Act of 2016’’. 
Section 833 of title 10, United States Code (article 33 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 833. Art 33. Disposition guidance ‘‘The President shall direct the Secretary of Defense to issue, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, nonbinding guidance regarding factors that commanders, convening authorities, staff judge advocates, and judge advocates should take into account when exercising their duties with respect to disposition of charges and specifications in the interest of justice and discipline under sections 830 and 834 of this title (articles 30 and 34). Such guidance shall take into account, with appropriate consideration of military requirements, the principles contained in official guidance of the Attorney General to attorneys for the Government with respect to disposition of Federal criminal cases in accordance with the principle of fair and evenhanded administration of Federal criminal law.’’. 
Section 839 of title 10, United States Code (article 39 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
Section 840 of title 10, United States Code (article 40 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘courtmartial without a military judge’’ and inserting ‘‘summary court martial’’. 
The first sentence of section 873 of title 10, United States Code (article 73 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘two years after approval by the convening authority of a courtmartial sentence’’ and inserting ‘‘three years after the date of the entry of judgment under section 860c of this title (article 60c)’’. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 909 (article 109 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), the following new section (article): 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 920 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 920a. Art. 120a. Mails: deposit of obscene matter ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, wrongfully and knowingly, deposits obscene matter for mailing and delivery shall be punished as a courtmartial may direct.’’. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 921a (article 121a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5432 of this Act, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 921b. Art. 121b. False pretenses to obtain services ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, with intent to defraud, knowingly uses false pretenses to obtain services shall be punished as a courtmartial may direct.’’. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 922 (article 122 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5434 of this Act, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 922a. Art. 122a. Receiving stolen property ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully receives, buys, or conceals stolen property, knowing the property to be stolen property, shall be punished as a courtmartial may direct.’’. 
OFVALUE.—Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully promises, offers, or gives a thing of value to another person, who occupies an official position or who has official duties, as compensation for or in recognition of services rendered or to be rendered by the other person with respect to an official matter in which the United States is interested, shall be punished as a courtmartial may direct.’’. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 931a (article 131a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5444 of this Act, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 931b. Art. 131b. Obstructing justice ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who engages in conduct in the case of a certain person against whom the accused had reason to believe there were or would be criminal or disciplinary proceedings pending, with intent to influence, impede, or otherwise obstruct the due administration of justice shall be punished as a court martial may direct.’’. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 931d (article 131d of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5447 of this Act, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 931e. Art. 131e. Prevention of authorized seizure of property ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, knowing that one or more persons authorized to make searches and seizures are seizing, are about to seize, or are endeavoring to seize property, destroys, removes, or otherwise disposes of the property with intent to prevent the seizure thereof shall be punished as a courtmartial may direct.’’. 
Section 934 of title 10, United States Code (article 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘As used in the preceding sentence, the term ‘crimes and offenses not capital’ includes any conduct engaged in outside the United States, as defined in section 5 of title 18, that would constitute a crime or offense not capital if the conduct had been engaged in within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, as defined in section 7 of title 18.’’. 
The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
Section 936 of title 10, United States Code (article 136 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking the last five words in the section heading. 
APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter XII is amended by striking the item relating to section 946 (article 146) and inserting the following new items: ‘‘946. Art. 146. Military Justice Review Panel. ‘‘946a. Art. 146a. Annual reports.’’. 
From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: MACTHORNBERRY , J. RANDY FORBES , JEFFMILLER of Florida, JOEWILSON of South Carolina, FRANK A. L OBIONDO , MICHAEL R. T URNER , JOHNKLINE, MIKEROGERS of Alabama, TRENT FRANKS of Arizona, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , DOUGLAMBORN , ROBERT J. W ITTMAN , CHRISTOPHER P. G IBSON , VICKY HARTZLER , JOSEPH J. H ECKof Nevada, ELISE M. S TEFANIK , ADAMSMITH of Washington, LORETTA SANCHEZ , SUSAN A. D AVIS of California, JAMES R. L ANGEVIN , RICKLARSEN of Washington, JIMCOOPER , MADELEINE Z. B ORDALLO , JOECOURTNEY , NIKITSONGAS , JOHNGARAMENDI , HENRY C. ‘‘H ANK’’ JOHNSON , JR. JACKIE SPEIER , SCOTT H. P ETERS , From the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for consideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: DEVIN NUNES , MIKEPOMPEO , From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of secs. 571–74 and 578 of the Senate bill, and secs. 571, 573, 1098E, and 3512 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: TIMWALBERG , BRETT GUTHRIE , ROBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT, From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 3112 and 3123 of the Senate bill, and secs. 346, 601, 749, 1045, 1090, 1095, 1673, 3119A, and 3119C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: ROBERT E. L ATTA , BILLJOHNSON of Ohio, From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 828, 1006, 1007, 1050, 1056, 1089, 1204, 1211, 1221–23, 1231, 1232, 1242, 1243, 1247, 1252, 1253, 1255–58, 1260, 1263, 1264, 1271–73, 1276, 1283, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, and 1662 of the Senate bill, and secs. 926, 1011, 1013, 1083, 1084, 1098K, 1099B, 1099C, 1201, 1203, 1214, 1221–23, 1227, 1229, 1233, 1235, 1236, 1245, 1246, 1250, 1259A–59E, 1259J, 1259L, 1259P, 1259Q, 1259U, 1261, 1262, 1301–03, 1510, 1531–33, 1645, 1653, and 2804 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: EDWARD R. R OYCE , LEEM. Z ELDIN , 
Service FY 2016 Authorized FY 2017 Change from Request Recommendation FY 2017 Request FY 2016 Authorized 
Service FY 2016 Authorized FY 2017 Change from Request Recommendation FY 2017 Authorized FY 2016 Authorized 
Service FY 2016 Authorized FY 2017 Change from Request Recommendation FY 2017 Request FY 2016 Authorized 
Service FY 2016 Authorized FY 2017 Change from Request Recommendation FY 2017 Request FY 2016 Authorized 
Service FY 2016 Authorized FY 2017 Change from Request Recommendation FY 2017 Request FY 2016 Authorized 
Service FY 2016 Authorized FY 2017 Change from Request Recommendation FY 2017 Request FY 2016 Authorized 
Service FY 2016 Authorized FY 2017 Change from Request Recommendation FY 2017 Request FY 2016 Authorized 
2641b of title 10, United States Code, to authorize spaceavailable travel for disabled veterans with a serviceconnected, permanent disability rated as total by the Department of Defense. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, by not later than March 1, 2017, a report clarifying the retirement and benefit eligibility status of certain disabled veterans. The report will identify with particularity any differences in the ‘‘retired’’ status, or benefit eligibility status, for servicemembers who otherwise meet the current statutory standards for disability retirement, but who may not be retired owing to the timing of the enactment of disability retirement changes, particularly the enactment of sections 534 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201) and 513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85) which redefined disability and retirement eligibility under section 1204 of title 10, United States Code. The conferees are aware that at least in some cases, veterans may have been separated for disability who now meet disability retirement eligibility. The report shall describe all available processes or procedures by which a veteran who believes they should be designated as ‘‘retired’’ may seek redesignation by appeal to the boards for correction of military or naval records or through some other process. Finally, the Secretary of Defense will identify the number of individuals who may be eligible for redesignation under the processes or procedures so identified. 
individuals The House amendment contained a provision that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees by July 19, 2017, setting forth the details of a comprehensive strategy for the detention of individuals captured and held pursuant to the Authorization of the Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40) pending the end of hostilities. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Declassification of information on past terrorist activities of detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba The House amendment contained a provision that would require the Director of National Intelligence to complete a declassification review of intelligence reports prepared by the National Counterterrorism Center prior to Periodic Review Board sessions or detainee transfers on the past terrorist 
to changing strategic requirements. Correspondingly, the number and complexity of authorities and associated funding provided to the Department to conduct security cooperation programs has expanded, resulting in security cooperation authorities being dispersed throughout title 10 and public law. This architecture has led to a confusing and unwieldy security cooperation enterprise that undermines the ability of the Department—particularly its senior civilian and military leaders—to prioritize, plan, synchronize, execute, allocate resources, and oversee activities. The current situation has also resulted in frequent changes for the security cooperation professionals attempting to implement security cooperation programs and activities. This has contributed to suboptimal outcomes and missed opportunities. Further, the conferees believe the complex patchwork of authorities and sources of funding hinders appropriate congressional and public transparency and complicates robust congressional oversight of a key mission for the Department. As such, the conferees believe that consolidating the various security cooperation authorities under a single security cooperation chapter in title 10 will provide greater clarity and consistency about the nature and scope of DOD’s security cooperation programs and activities to those who plan, manage, implement, and conduct oversight of these programs. The conferees note that the functional areas in which the Department is authorized to provide assistance under this provision are consistent with existing focus areas of the Department’s ‘train and equip’ programs. The conferees also note that authority to provide assistance to build the capacity of friendly foreign countries to conduct military intelligence operations already exists, because the Department’s existing authorities include support functions, and intelligence operations frequently act in that capacity. The inclusion of intelligence operations is intended solely to clarify that the Department may conduct such activities either as a supporting activity for other operations or as a standalone operation, and it is not meant to suggest that other activities that support or enable programs providing training and equipment to foreign forces (such as logistics or communications activities) are not permitted under existing authorities. Additionally, for the purposes of executing programs and activities in the new security cooperation chapter in title 10, funds available to DOD for security cooperation may be used prior to the submission of a consolidated security cooperation budget as required by section 1249 of this subtitle. Moreover, consolidation of a single ‘train and equip’ authority will ensure that the Department has flexibility to meet its evolving strategic objectives, without being forced to bend its strategy to meet the contours of available tailored authorities. The conferees do not intend for the consolidation to create a DOD mission that competes with security assistance overseen by the Department of State. Rather, a consolidated ‘train and equip’ authority should enable the Department to meet its own defensespecific objectives in support of broader defense strategy and plans, as well as to better integrate title 10 security cooperation activities into the broader United States Government approach to security sector assistance. To that end, the conferees note that the provision would increase coordination between the Department of Defense and the Department of State in the planning and implementation of security sector assistance programs by requiring the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to jointly develop and plan ‘train and equip’ programs as well as to coordinate the implementation of such programs and ensure robust enduse monitoring of provided assistance. The conferees believe that the Department of Defense and the Department of State should have greater visibility into the planning, programming, and execution of each organization’s security sector assistance programs and activities and urge both Departments to enhance visibility and collaboration on such programs early in the planning process and through execution so as to avoid unnecessary duplication and enhance overall unity of effort. Additionally, the conferees are concerned that the existing process for coordination between the two Departments on security sector assistance programs is too adhoc in nature and often elevates responsibility for such coordination, particularly those activities requiring concurrence, to the senior most echelons of the respective organizations—to include the Deputy Secretary or Secretary level—resulting in a cumbersome and timeintensive process. Therefore, the provision would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to designate individuals at the lowest possible level in their respective organizations with responsibility for such coordination. The conferees note that the Department’s security cooperation activities over the last 15 years have emphasized building the capacity of partner forces at the tactical and operational level. However, the conferees are concerned that insufficient attention and resources have been provided for building institutional capacity at higher echelons, particularly the generating force (e.g. those with ‘man, train, and equip’ responsibilities) and at the strategic level (e.g. ministerial and general staff levels). The conferees expect the Department to increase its emphasis on strengthening the defense institutions of friendly foreign nations as it builds security cooperation programs and activities and expects proposals submitted to Congress to include a robust defense institution building component. Moreover, the conferees expect the Department to take advantage of the simplified framework of security cooperation authorities adopted in this section to develop security cooperation programs that integrate activities to simultaneously engage partners and build capacity at each of these levels—tactical, operational, and strategic. Additionally, the conferees note the importance of sustaining capabilities provided to friendly foreign nations, particularly equipment, to the longterm success of DOD’s security cooperation programs and activities. As such, the conferees expect that there is a plan to transition sustainment support from DOD to other sources of funding, such as foreign countries’ national funds, will be part of each security cooperation program. In addition to the cumbersome, confusing, and complex patchwork of authorities and funding sources, the Department’s organizational structure for the security cooperation enterprise has undermined the ability of senior Department officials to adequately oversee, prioritize, and synchronize security cooperation programs and activities to support strategic priorities. Currently, there is no individual or office below the Deputy Secretary of Defense with responsibility to oversee strategic policy and resource allocation for the security cooperation enterprise. Instead, such responsibility spans multiple components and offices at the level of Under Secretary. Therefore, the provision would require the Secretary to assign responsibility for the oversight of strategic policy and guidance and responsibility for overall resource allocation for security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense to a single official and office in the Office of the Secretary of Defense at the level of Under Secretary or below. The conferees intend for this individual and office to better synchronize planning and programs across the regional and functional components of the Department and ensure that such activities and resources are appropriately aligned with strategic priorities. Further, the conferees expect that this arrangement will empower the Department to prioritize resources and consider tradeoffs across the full range of security cooperation programs and funding sources. Additionally, the provision would assign responsibility for the execution and administration of all security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense involving the provision of defense articles, military training, and other defenserelated services by grant, loan, cash sale, or lease to the Director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency. This assignment of responsibility is meant to help the Department overcome the distortions, lack of coordination, and duplication that occurs across the Department’s security cooperation enterprise, arising from narrowlyfocused program offices found throughout the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, Military Departments, Combatant Commands, and the defense agencies. The provision would preserve the five Department of Defense Regional Centers for Security Studies. The provision would also require the Secretary to review, on an annual basis, the program and structure of each Regional Center in order to ensure that they are appropriately aligned with the strategic priorities of the Department. The conferees intend for the Regional Centers to more closely align activities with the requirements of DOD, and to serve as an effective tool to advance clearly defined security cooperation objectives in direct support of defense strategy. The conferees note that, despite the marked increase in DOD security cooperation programs and activities over the last 15 years, the Department has not applied sufficient emphasis and resources to develop a comprehensive framework to assess, monitor, and evaluate its security cooperation programs and activities from inception to completion. Instead, the conferees believe that the Department has focused on assessments of partner nation capability gaps at the beginning of assistance programs rather than over the life cycle of the program, which has undermined the Department’s ability to measure outcomes against objectives. Sufficient attention must be given to the implementation of programs with continuous robust evaluation to gauge whether programs and activities are meeting or have met defined objectives. The conferees expect the Department to allocate sufficient resources to its assessment, monitoring, and evaluation program, and to apply lessons learned from the program to improve and reshape security cooperation programs and activities to maximize effectiveness and efficiency. Further, in this context, the conferees believe the Department’s security cooperation data systems should provide an enterprise wide view of security cooperation activities to facilitate best practices and enable strategic decisionmaking. In addition to basic data about security cooperation programs, the system should support the distribution of lessonslearned, including the activities’ goals and history of development, and inform future activities and resource allocation. The conferees note the current limitations of the Global Theater Security Cooperation Management information Systems (G– TSCMIS) program and encourage the Department to review the use and functionality of G–TSCMIS at all user levels. The Department should further consider measures to 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
DISCRETIONARY AUTHORIZATIONS WITHIN THE JURISDICTION OF THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE National Defense Funding, Base Budget Request Function 051, Department of DefenseMilitary Division A: Department of Defense Authorizations 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
DefWide JAPAN Iwakuni Construct Truck Offload & Loading Facilities 6,664 6,664 6,664 6,664 DefWide JAPAN Kadena AB Kadena Elementary School Replacement 84,918 84,918 84,918 84,918 DefWide JAPAN Kadena AB Medical Materiel Warehouse 20,881 20,881 20,881 20,881 DefWide JAPAN Kadena AB SOF Maintenance Hangar 42,823 42,823 42,823 42,823 DefWide JAPAN Kadena AB SOF Simulator Facility (MC–130) 12,602 12,602 12,602 12,602 DefWide JAPAN Yokota AB Airfield Apron 41,294 41,294 41,294 41,294 DefWide JAPAN Yokota AB Hangar/AMU 39,466 39,466 39,466 39,466 DefWide JAPAN Yokota AB Operations and Warehouse Facilities 26,710 26,710 26,710 26,710 DefWide JAPAN Yokota AB Simulator Facility 6,261 6,261 6,261 6,261 DefWide KWAJALEIN Kwajalein Atoll Replace Fuel Storage Tanks 85,500 85,500 85,500 85,500 DefWide MAINE Kittery Medical/Dental Clinic Replacement 27,100 27,100 27,100 27,100 DefWide MARYLAND Bethesda Naval Hos pital MEDCEN Addition/Alteration Incr 1 50,000 50,000 50,000 50,000 DefWide MARYLAND Fort Meade Access Control Facility 21,000 21,000 21,000 21,000 DefWide MARYLAND Fort Meade NSAW Campus Feeders Phase 3 17,000 17,000 17,000 17,000 DefWide MARYLAND Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Incr 2 195,000 145,000 195,000 195,000 DefWide MISSOURI St. Louis Land Acquisition—Next NGA West Campus 801 0 801 801 DefWide NORTH CAROLINA Camp Lejeune Dental Clinic Replacement 31,000 31,000 31,000 31,000 DefWide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF Combat Medic Training Facility 10,905 10,905 10,905 10,905 DefWide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF Parachute Rigging Facility 21,420 21,420 21,420 21,420 DefWide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF Special Tactics Facility (Ph 3) 30,670 30,670 30,670 30,670 DefWide NORTH CAROLINA Fort Bragg SOF Tactical Equipment Maintenance Facility 23,598 23,598 23,598 23,598 DefWide SOUTH CAROLINA Joint Base Charleston Construct Hydrant Fuel System 17,000 17,000 17,000 17,000 DefWide TEXAS Red River Army Depot Construct Warehouse & Open Storage 44,700 44,700 44,700 44,700 DefWide TEXAS Sheppard AFB Medical/Dental Clinic Replacement 91,910 91,910 91,910 91,910 DefWide UNITED KINGDOM RAF Croughton Croughton Elem/Middle/High School Replace ment 71,424 71,424 71,424 71,424 DefWide UNITED KINGDOM RAF Lakenheath Construct Hydrant Fuel System 13,500 13,500 13,500 13,500 DefWide VIRGINIA Pentagon Pentagon Metro Entrance Facility 12,111 12,111 0 12,111 DefWide VIRGINIA Pentagon Upgrade IT Facilities Infrastructure—RRMC 8,105 8,105 8,105 8,105 DefWide WAKE ISLAND Wake Island Test Support Facility 11,670 11,670 11,670 11,670 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Battalion Complex 0 0 64,400 0 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Contingency Construction 10,000 10,000 10,000 –10,000 0 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Conservation Investment Program Design 10,000 0 10,000 –10,000 0 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Conservation Investment Program 150,000 150,000 150,000 150,000 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Exercise Related Minor Construction 8,631 8,631 8,631 8,631 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design, Defense Wide 13,450 23,450 13,450 10,000 23,450 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design, DODEA 23,585 23,585 23,585 23,585 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design, NGA 71,647 36,000 71,647 –35,647 36,000 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design, NSA 24,000 24,000 24,000 24,000 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design, WHS 3,427 3,427 3,427 3,427 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction 5,994 5,994 5,994 5,994 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction 8,500 8,500 8,500 8,500 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Milcon 3,913 3,913 3,913 3,913 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Worldwide Unspecified Minor Construction 2,414 2,414 2,414 2,414 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design, DLA 27,660 27,660 27,660 27,660 DefWide WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Various Worldwide Locations 
Furnishings 17,457 17,457 17,457 17,457 FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization Support 26,320 26,320 26,320 26,320 FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing 54,689 54,689 54,689 54,689 FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance 81,254 81,254 81,254 81,254 FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management 51,291 51,291 51,291 51,291 FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous 364 364 364 364 FH Ops Navy WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services 12,855 12,855 12,855 12,855 
N O T I C E Incomplete record of House proceedings.Today’s House proceedings will be continued in Book II. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6579 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 2016 No. 171 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable TOM COTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. O Lord our God, giver of everlasting life, nothing can separate us from Your limitless love. Use our lawmakers today for Your glory, inspiring them to cultivate tough minds and tender hearts. Lord, help them to remember that nothing is impossible to those who place their trust in You. May the power of faith create in them both the desire and the ability to do Your will. As our Senators humble themselves in prayer, prepare their hearts and minds to serve Your purposes on Earth. Lord, give Your consolation to those experiencing sorrow and Your love to us all. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 