Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the families and the children exposed to high levels of lead in my hometown of Flint deserve action by the people who did this to them. The State of Michigan—Governor Snyder’s administration—created this public health emergency through their own inaction and by decisions that their appointed emergency manager made in the city of Flint, which has led to this crisis. They need to act in a manner equal to the gravity of this terrible situation. The Federal Government can help as well. The President has already declared a state of emergency, but Congress can act, too. I have legislation that I introduced last week that is a comprehensive set of solutions that not only deals with the need to replace those lead service lines that are leaching lead into the water system in households, but also provides the kind of support for children and families to get through this crisis and give them, as individuals, and my community, as a community, a chance on a future. Resources are needed, not just a get well card, not just an apology, but we need financial resources. The State needs to step up. I am asking this Congress to do so as well. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
THE BUDGET MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–86) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: As I look back on the past seven years, I am inspired by America’s progress—and I am more determined than ever to keep our country moving forward. When I took office, our Nation was in the midst of the worst recession since the Great Depression. The economy was shedding 800,000 jobs a month. The auto industry was on the brink of collapse and our manufacturing sector was in decline. Many families were struggling to pay their bills and make ends meet. Millions more saw their savings evaporate, even as retirement neared. But thanks to the grit and determination of the American people, we rescued our economy from the depths of the recession, revitalized our auto industry, and laid down new rules to safeguard our economy from recklessness on Wall Street. We made the largest investment in clean energy in our history, and made health care reform a reality. And today, our economy is the strongest, most durable on Earth. Our businesses have created more than 14 million jobs over 70 months, the longest streak of job growth on record. We have cut our unemployment rate in half. Our manufacturing sector has added nearly 900,000 jobs in the last six years—and our auto industry just had its best year of sales ever. We are less reliant on foreign oil than at any point in the previous four decades. Nearly 18 million people have gained health coverage under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), cutting the uninsured rate to a record low. Our children are graduating from high school at the highest rate ever. And we managed to accomplish all of this while dramatically cutting our deficits by almost threequarters and setting our Nation on a more sustainable fiscal path. Together, we have brought America back. Yet while it is important to take stock of our progress, this Budget is not about looking back at the road we have traveled. It is about looking forward. It is about making sure our economy works for everybody, not just those at the top. It is about choosing investments that not only make us stronger today, but also reflect the kind of country we aspire to be—the kind of country we want to pass on to our children and grandchildren. It is about answering the big questions that will define America and the world in the 21st Century. My Budget makes critical investments while adhering to the bipartisan budget agreement I signed into law last fall, and it lifts sequestration in future years so that we continue to invest in our economic future and our national security. It also drives down deficits and maintains our fiscal progress through smart savings from health care, immigration, and tax reforms. And, it focuses on meeting our greatest challenges not only for the year ahead, but for decades to come. First, by accelerating the pace of American innovation, we can create jobs and build the economy of the future while tackling our greatest challenges, including addressing climate change and finding new treatments— and cures—for devastating diseases. The challenge of climate change will define the contours of this century more dramatically than any other. Last year was the hottest on record, surpassing the record set just a year before. Climate change is already causing damage, including longer, more severe droughts and dangerous floods, disruptions to our food and water supply, and threats to our health, our economy, and our security. We have made great strides to foster a robust clean energy industry and move our economy away from energy sources that fuel climate change. In communities across the Nation, wind power is now cheaper than dirtier, conventional power, and solar power is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year on their energy bills. The solar industry employs more workers than the coal industry—in jobs that pay better than average. Despite these advances, we can and must do more. Rather than shrinking from the challenge, America must foster the spirit of innovation to create jobs, build a climatesmart economy of the future, and protect the only planet we have. To speed our transition to an affordable, reliable, clean energy system, my Budget funds Mission Innovation, our landmark commitment to double clean energy research and development funding. It also calls for a 21st Century Clean Transportation initiative that would help to put hundreds of thousands of Americans to work modernizing our infrastructure to ease congestion and make it easier for businesses to bring goods to market through new technologies such as autonomous vehicles and highspeed rail, funded through a fee paid by oil companies. It proposes to modernize our business tax system to promote innovation and job creation. It invests in strategies to make our communities more resilient to floods, wildfires, and other effects of climate change. And, it protects and modernizes our water supply and preserves our natural landscapes. These investments, coupled with those 
in other cuttingedge technology sectors ranging from manufacturing to space exploration, will drive new jobs, new industries, and a new understanding of the world around us. Just as a commitment to innovation can accelerate our efforts to protect our planet and create a sustainable economy, it can also drive critical medical breakthroughs. The Budget supports a new ‘‘moonshot’’ to finally cure cancer, an effort that will be led by the Vice President and will channel resources, technology, and our collective knowledge to save lives and end this deadly disease. It also supports the Precision Medicine Initiative to accelerate the development of customized treatments that take into account a patient’s genes, environment, and lifestyle, as well as the BRAIN Initiative, which will dramatically increase our understanding of how the brain works. Second, we must work to deliver a fair shot at opportunity for all, both because this reflects American values and because, in the 21st Century global economy, our competitiveness depends on tapping the full potential of every American. Even as we have rebounded from the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, too many families struggle to reach the middle class and stay there, and too many kids face obstacles on the path to success. Real opportunity begins with education. My Budget supports the ambitious goal that all children should have access to highquality preschool, including kids from lowincome families who too often enter kindergarten already behind. It also supports States and cities as they implement a new education law that will place all students on a path to graduate prepared for college and successful careers. The bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act sets high standards for our schools and students, ensures that States are held accountable for the success of all students, including those in the lowest performing schools, spurs innovation in education, helps schools recruit and support great teachers, and encourages States to reduce unnecessary testing. And because jobs in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics are projected to grow faster than other jobs in the years ahead, the Budget makes critical investments in math and science. Through a new Computer Science for All initiative, the Budget will expand the teaching and learning of these important concepts across America’s schools, better preparing our Nation’s students for today’s innovation economy. Higher education is the clearest path to the middle class. By 2020, twothirds of jobs will require some education beyond high school. For our students and for our economy, we must make a quality college education affordable for every American. To support that goal, the Budget strengthens Pell Grants to help families pay for college by increasing the scholarships available to students who take enough courses to stay on track for ontime graduation, allowing students making progress toward their degrees to get support for summer classes, and providing scholarships to help incarcerated Americans turn their lives around, get jobs, and support their families. It also offers two years of free community college to every responsible student and strengthens the American Opportunity Tax Credit. In addition to preparing students for careers, we must help workers gain the skills they need to fill jobs in growing industries. My Budget builds on the progress we have made to improve the Nation’s job training programs through implementation of the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. It funds innovative strategies to train more workers and young people for 21st Century jobs. And it doubles down on apprenticeships—a proven pathway to the middle class—and supports a robust set of protections for the health, safety, wages, working conditions, and retirement security of working Americans. Even as we invest in better skills and education for our workforce, we must respond to dramatic changes in our economy and our workforce: more automation; increased global competition; corporations less rooted in their communities; frequent job changes throughout a worker’s career; and a growing gap between the wealthiest and everyone else. These trends squeeze workers, even when they have jobs, even when the economy is growing. They make it harder to start a career, a family, a business, or retirement. To address these changes and give Americans more economic security, we need to update several key benefit structures to make sure that workers can balance work and family, save for retirement, and get back on their feet if they lose a job. The Budget supports these priorities by funding highquality child care, encouraging State paid leave policies, extending employer based retirement plans to parttime workers, putting us on a path to more portable benefit models, and providing a new tax credit for twoearner families. It also modernizes the unemployment insurance system, so that more unemployed workers receive the unemployment benefits they need and an opportunity to retrain for their next job. And, if that new job does not pay as much initially, it offers a system of wage insurance to encourage workers to rejoin the workforce and help them pay their bills. The Budget includes tax cuts for middleclass and working families that will make paychecks go further in meeting the costs of child care, education, and saving for retirement. It builds upon the demonstrated success of the Earned Income Tax Credit by expanding it for workers without children and noncustodial parents. Providing opportunity to all Americans means tackling poverty. Too many Americans live in communities with underperforming schools and few jobs. We know from groundbreaking new research that growing up in these communities can put lifelong limits on a child’s opportunities. Over the past few years, we have made progress in supporting families that were falling behind. For example, working family tax credits keep more than 9 million people—including 5 million children— out of poverty each year, and the ACA provides access to quality, affordable health care to millions. Nevertheless, we need to do more to ensure that a child’s zip code does not determine his or her destiny. Improving the opportunity and economic security of poor children and families is both a moral and an economic imperative. The Budget funds innovative strategies to support this goal, including helping families move to safer neighborhoods with better schools and more jobs, revitalizing distressed communities to create more neighborhoods of opportunity, preventing families experiencing a financial crisis from becoming homeless, and ensuring that children have enough to eat when school is out for the summer. It also supports efforts to break the cycle of poverty and incarceration through criminal justice reform. Finally, as we work to build a brighter future at home, we must also strengthen our national security and global leadership. The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth, blessed with the finest fighting force in the history of the world. Still, this is a dangerous time. We face many threats, including the threat of terrorist attacks and violent extremism in many forms. My highest priority is keeping the American people safe and going after terrorist networks. That is why my Budget increases support for our comprehensive strategy to destroy the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), in partnership with more than 60 other countries, by eliminating its leadership, cutting off its financing, disrupting its plots, stopping the flow of terrorist fighters, and stamping out its vicious ideology. If the Congress is serious about winning this war and wants to send a message to the troops and the world, it should specifically authorize the use of military force against ISIL. The Budget also sustains and builds the strength of our unmatched military forces, making the investments and reforms that will maintain our Nation’s superiority and ensure our advantage over any potential adversary. It also makes investments to ensure that our men and women in uniform, who sacrifice so much to defend our Nation and keep us safe, get the support they have earned to succeed and thrive when they return home. Cybersecurity is one of our most important national security challenges. As our economy becomes increasingly digital, more sensitive information is vulnerable to malicious cyber activity. This challenge requires bold, aggressive action. My Budget significantly 
increases our investment in cybersecurity through a Cybersecurity National Action Plan. This Plan includes retiring outdated Federal information technology (IT) systems that were designed in a different age and increasingly are vulnerable to attack, reforming the way that the Federal Government manages and responds to cyber threats, and recruiting the best cyber talent. It will also help strengthen cybersecurity in the private sector and the digital ecosystem as a whole, enhancing cyber education and making sure companies and consumers have the tools they need to protect themselves. But many of our challenges in cybersecurity require bold, longterm commitments to change the way we operate in an increasingly digital world. That is why, to complement these steps, I am also creating a commission of experts to make recommendations for enhancing cybersecurity awareness and protections inside and outside of Government, protecting privacy, and empowering Americans to take better control of their digital security. To ensure security at home, we must also demonstrate leadership around the world. Strong leadership means not only a wise application of military power, but also rallying other nations behind causes that are right. It means viewing our diplomacy and development efforts around the world as an essential instrument of our national security strategy, and mobilizing the private sector and other donors alongside our foreign assistance to help achieve our global development and climate priorities. The Budget supports this vision with funding for effective global health programs to fight HIV/AIDS, malaria, and other illnesses; assistance for displaced persons and refugees, including from Syria; and expanding educational opportunities for girls, among many other critical development initiatives. As we make these investments to meet our greatest challenges, we are also working to build a 21st Century Government that delivers for the American people. The Budget supports efforts to make the Federal Government more efficient and effective, through smarter IT delivery and procurement, improving digital services, eliminating outdated regulations, and recruiting and retaining the best talent. It also invests in a new approach to working in local communities, one that disrupts an outdated, topdown approach, and makes our efforts more responsive to the ideas and concerns of local citizens. The Budget supports the use of data and evidence to drive policymaking, so the Federal Government can do more of what works and stop doing what does not. The Budget is a roadmap to a future that embodies America’s values and aspirations: a future of opportunity and security for all of our families; a rising standard of living; and a sustainable, peaceful planet for our kids. This future is within our reach. But just as it took the collective efforts of the American people to rise from the recession and rebuild an even stronger economy, so will it take all of us working together to meet the challenges that lie ahead. It will not be easy. But I have never been more optimistic about America’s future than I am today. Over the past seven years, I have seen the strength, resilience, and commitment of the American people. I know that when we are united in the face of challenges, our Nation emerges stronger and better than before. I know that when we work together, there are no limits to what we can achieve. Together, we will move forward to innovate, to expand opportunity and security, and to make our Nation safer and stronger than ever before. BARACK OBAMA .THEWHITE HOUSE , February 9, 2016. 
b1503 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RIBBLE ) at 3 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Construction Reform Act of 2016, an important piece of legislation that will further reform VA’s severely troubled major construction program. For decades, the Government Accountability Office has documented hundreds of millions of dollars in cost overruns on mismanaged VA major construction projects. GAO reports from 1981, 1993, 2009, and 2013 all reflect a stunning degree of bureaucratic incompetence in VA’s construction management. In my own district, a single VA hospital project is over $1 billion over budget, and years behind schedule. VA’s construction failures represent billions of wasted tax dollars that should have gone towards VA’s core mission: taking care of our Nation’s veterans. b1515 Since 2012, the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee has conducted at least six separate hearings exploring the VA’s construction failures, and this bill’s reforms incorporate many of the committee’s findings. First, it forces the VA to leave hospital construction to the experts—to Federal construction managers like the Army Corps of Engineers. In fact, the contractor on the troubled Aurora, Colorado, project demanded that the Army Corps of Engineers take over the project from the VA before they returned to work on the project. Previously, in 2014, the House unanimously passed my legislation, which required the Army Corps to take over the VA’s most troubled projects, including the project in Aurora. I am pleased that my colleagues in both the House and the Senate are now fully supportive of this transfer of authority. Second, this bill introduces a much needed improvement over the contract change order process. The GAO and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee identified the VA’s inept change order management as a major driver of both cost increases and project delays. Third, the bill creates a new, independent assistant inspector general for construction who would be required to report directly to Congress when significant construction problems have been discovered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. COFFMAN. As we learned with the project in Aurora, the VA went to great lengths to hide the significant problems with the project from the American people, insisting in congressional hearing after hearing that the project was on time and on budget. It was not until the project’s contractor sued the VA—and won on every count in December of 2014—that the VA finally admitted it had significant problems with the Aurora project. I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure and continue with the longneeded construction reforms in the VA. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 3106, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3106, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VETERANS EMPLOYMENT, EDUCATION, AND HEALTHCARE IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3016) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3016 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to add any extraneous materials on H.R. 3016, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection? Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3016, as amended, the Veterans Employment, Education, and Healthcare Improvement Act. This bill, which was introduced by the chairman of our Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, Congressman WENSTRUP of Ohio, includes a number of provisions relating to veterans’ health care, education, and employment benefits. One provision of the bill would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to create a new fourth administration to streamline the oversight of the many VA programs and benefits that assist veterans with transition and that promote their economic welfare. These benefits include vocational rehabilitation and employment, GI Bill education benefits, the verification of veteranowned small businesses, the VA’s portion of the Transition Assistance Program, and the home loan guaranty program. Another provision of the bill would make needed improvements to education and vocational rehabilitation and employment benefits by, among other things, closing a costly loophole that has allowed some contractedout flight schools to charge the VA hundreds of thousands of dollars in excessive tuition and fee payments. Still other provisions would improve the administration of benefits and expand opportunities for the use of the home loan benefit by eliminating the loan limit that caps the amount of money the VA will guarantee under the home loan program. This would help tens of thousands of veterans who are living in highcost areas to realize the dream that many Americans strive for. Healthrelated provisions of the bill would elevate the role of podiatrists in the VA medical facilities, improve care for the newborn children of female veterans, create a pilot program on service dog training for veterans with post traumatic stress, and require the Government Accountability Office to conduct period audits of the VA’s budget. I am grateful to Dr. WENSTRUP , to Dr. ROE, and to the many other sponsors of these provisions for their hard work and leadership in crafting and in developing this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3016, as amended, the VA Provider Equity Act. The provisions of title I directly affect the health of veterans by making podiatrists equal to other doctors in the VA, by making Medal of Honor recipients a top priority in receiving health care at the VA, and by making the newborn babies of servicemembers eligible for VA health care in the first 6 weeks of life, to follow their mothers’ eligibility at the VA. The legislation authorizes a GAO audit of the Veterans Health Administration’s budget. I feel that the Veterans Health Administration has been more responsive under the leadership of Dr. David Shulkin, but I agree that everyone would be better informed of how the VHA is working if we are all starting on the same page. I am also pleased that a successful dog training program will be expanded to other parts of the country to help veterans who are recovering from TBI and PTSD. I am particularly pleased to support provisions in H.R. 3016 which improve the veterans’ education and rehabilitation program and which increase limits on the veterans’ home loan program while maintaining the VA’s strict lending requirements. H.R. 3016 also contains several important improvements in education and employment programs for veterans. Representative TAKANO will have more to say because he has taken the lead on these as the ranking member of the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee. I also want to thank Chairman MILLERfor compromising on the establishment of a new administration within the VA, called the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration. While I appreciate the chairman’s attempt to compromise on another key provision, I want to make it clear that I oppose the policy to cut in half the living stipend for the children of servicemembers who have received their 
parents’ transferred GI Bill benefits. We promised the men and women who signed up to serve in our Nation’s military that they would be able to transfer their entire GI Bill benefits to a dependent spouse or child. It is unfair that we are now breaking part of that promise. While I understand that this change pays for the other essential provisions in this bill, I would have preferred that we would have kept the promise we made to servicemembers while finding other ways to pay for this package. As this legislation moves forward, I will continue to work with my colleagues to find a different way to pay for these provisions that does not violate the promise we made to our veterans. I had hoped our Republican colleagues would have brought this bill to the floor under an open rule so as to have given us the opportunity to propose amendments and to debate ways to improve the more controversial provisions of this bill. I am disappointed that we are not able to offer amendments to improve the bill today. Yet I will support this bill overall due to the number of positive improvements. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Second District of Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), the chairman of the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee and a combat veteran, himself. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3016, the Veterans Employment, Education, and Healthcare Improvement Act, as amended. I am proud to sponsor this bill and am glad to be joined by veteran service organizations in their support, like the VFW and the DAV. It will help ensure that the veterans receive the benefits they have earned. This veterans’ legislation contains over 30 provisions from over a dozen Members of Congress and is the result of countless hours of work amongst the members of the committee. I want to highlight three specific provisions in the bill that improve the benefits our veterans receive. First is the VA Provider Equity Act, which would strengthen access to the comprehensive, firstclass health care that veterans deserve. We all know wait times for health care at the VA remain somewhat unacceptable in many places. This is true, in part, because the VA struggles to employ enough healthcare specialists to meet the needs of veterans. The VA Provider Equity Act responds to this issue by aligning outdated VA standards more closely with the private sector practices of today. When introduced, every doctor on the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs joined as an original cosponsor, understanding that we need to make it easier for the VA to recruit and retain the specialists our veterans so desperately need. The bill also includes H.R. 2344, the Veterans Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Improvement Act of 2015, which I introduced earlier this year. The VA’s Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program helps disabled veterans to prepare for employment or to live as independently as possible. If a veteran chooses to pursue education or training through this program, current law does not require the courses to be approved for GI benefits. My provision would tighten this requirement to provide additional oversight and protections for our veterans. We also include the GI Bill Quality Enhancement Act. By giving State Approving Agencies the increased oversight of GI Bill programs, this provision would provide veterans with the information they need to make good choices about education and training programs that offer the best quality. The Veterans Employment, Education, and Healthcare Improvement Act would make important progress in streamlining veterans’ access to their earned benefits. It is one simple step we can take to ensure that our veterans receive the benefits they have earned. I thank Representative TAKANO for his help in moving this forward, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. I thank Ranking Member CORRINE BROWN for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3016. While there are parts of this bill that I hope to see changed as it moves forward, it includes numerous provisions that will have a positive impact on our Nation’s veteran population, including several provisions I authored. Section 307 of this bill is the language from my GI Bill Fairness Act, bipartisan legislation to close a gap faced by our National Guardsmen and Reservists who have been repeatedly called to war throughout operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Currently, members of the Guard and Reserve who are wounded in combat are sometimes placed on Active Duty for their recovery, treatment, and rehabilitation. Unfortunately, current Federal law does not recognize such Active Duty orders as eligible for Post 9/11 GI Bill education assistance, meaning that, unlike other members of the military, those who serve in the Guard and Reserve may actually lose benefits for being injured in the line of duty. This provision in H.R. 3016 would end unequal treatment and ensure these guardsmen and reservists are able to accrue GI Bill benefits, when ordered to Active Duty, for the purposes of receiving medical care. H.R. 3016 also includes my Work Study for Student Veterans Act, which would reinstate certain VA workstudy activities that expired on June 30, 2013. The VA’s Student WorkStudy Allowance Program allows qualifying student veterans who are in college degree programs or in vocational or professional programs to be paid for working in a variety of capacities on campus, at VA facilities, or at other veterancentered organizations to assist fellow veterans. The workstudy program achieves two important goals: offering student veterans a way to earn a little extra money and providing transitioning veterans with the guidance and assistance of fellow veterans who know firsthand what that transition is like. b1530 I also strongly support section 306 of the bill, which caps the amount of post9/11 GI Bill funds available to flight schools—private flight schools— that contract with community colleges at the same amount that the GI Bill caps funds available to private universities. Due to a current loophole in the GI Bill, student veterans have been able to take pilot training classes with questionable job placement prospects at exorbitant cost to the taxpayers. According to the Los Angeles Times, one flight company charged 12 student veterans over $500,000 each in GI Bill funds. While it is true that flight training can be more expensive than other vocational or academic programs, VA data shows that while the number of student veterans taking flight training increased by only 9 percent between fiscal years ’13 and ’14, the total cost to taxpayers for this program grew by 87 percent during this same period, costing $37 million in taxpayer dollars. The drafters of the GI Bill never intended to create this windfall for the flight school industry. What’s more, VFW and the American Legion support the cap, agreeing that this loophole is a disservice to student veterans who would be better served by one of the many flight school programs that cost well under the cap. I do have serious reservations about section 301 of this legislation, which would cut by half the monthly housing allowance provided to children of servicemembers who will have post9/11 GI Bill benefits transferred to them. I don’t believe that we should be paying for the great provisions in this bill by cutting benefits. Furthermore, the bill on the House floor today does not include a grandfather clause. That means that some current servicemembers will see the terms that they agreed to when they signed up changed. As this bill advances, I strongly urge the chairman and ranking member to find another payfor and eliminate section 301. With that being said, I believe overall, with some tweaks, this legislation will provide valuable support for our veterans, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3016. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ), who is 
from the Fifth District of Louisiana and is a fine member of our Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman MILLER , Ranking Member BROWN , Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Ranking Member TITUS, and all Members who worked so hard to bring this bill to the floor. There are many provisions in H.R. 677, as amended, that would help improve services for veterans and their families, but I want to focus my remarks on a section that I am proud to have authored. First, the bill would authorize an automatic COLA for beneficiaries who receive the VA disability compensation. Although the Congress generally approves COLA legislation every year, veterans have to wait until Congress actually acts. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ). Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, as you have heard, I associate myself with the remarks of the positive nature of the provisions in this bill. It has been the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee that has been in the forefront of improving veterans care, from the post9/ 11 GI Bill, to healthcare changes, to job placements. We have been at the forefront of VA improvements, accountability, and reform. While this bill continues in that vein, as you have heard here, there is one provision in it that, for me personally, I cannot cross. To pay for these programs, an offset has to be found. That is a noble and correct principle; meaning, if we add anything, we need to find the payfor somewhere else to not add to the debt. In the case of this, to pay for these absolutely wonderful programs, many which I helped write, we went back and we took a benefit. I am not going to debate whether that benefit was overly generous. I am not going to debate how many are using it. If one veteran signed up, served this Nation, went overseas and fought for our defense and they were promised a benefit, to pull it back at this time is an egregious breach of trust. At a time when the VA is hurting, at a time when the faith in government is hurting, the faith in the media, our soldiers need to know there are some things that will not be crossed. So I want to be very clear on this. The motives of the people who worked on this should never be questioned. I have never seen people with more integrity and more care for our veterans. Thought goes into this. Improvements try to be made. And when the American people are frustrated and they see nothing gets done, this committee and the bipartisanship of the care of our veterans is absolutely paramount. This is a devilish situation. How do we find the payfor? My question is— and, yes, perhaps it is a chip on my shoulder of an enlisted soldier—why come to the soldiers first? There is nowhere else in the Federal Government that we can find this. The chairman rightfully pointed out today another egregious waste of money in decorating and bonuses to VA officials who are not fulfilling their duty. My question is: can’t we find some way to at least get the people through who were there and, if we want to make the changes, do so? I know every effort in good faith has been made to do that. Yes, it can be argued that this was overly generous and should not have been there in the first place, but it was. It was signed up for and people went. I have stood in front of troops who said: You promised it to me, and I am counting on using it. It seems to me that as Representatives of the American people, I can go back and ask my constituents, and they will agree on almost nothing. If I ask them, ‘‘Should we do everything necessary to care for our veterans,’’ the answer is ‘‘yes.’’ If we can’t find the offset, then let’s have the courage to go back and ask them what would they be willing to do. I myself will be voting ‘‘no’’ on this piece of legislation, but I just urge my colleagues to have to weigh this. I hope over the years that I have proven I am not a person who would get in the way of having the perfect get in the way of the good or not trying to work for compromises. It is a line that I feel, if we cross, the trust gets breached, and it is very difficult to gain it back. I thank all Members who worked on this. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers at this time. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to my good friend from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ), who is a stalwart supporter of veterans on our committee and brings many, many good issues to the forefront for both sides of the aisle to be able to work on together, I do not question his motives in his negative vote against this bill. I would say that any child who has already had their parents’ post9/11 child benefits transferred to them will not be affected by this change. They would still receive 100 percent of their current living stipend. It also gives 180 days after enactment before it begins to take effect. So any servicemembers who are eligible to transfer their benefits but have not done so would have 180 days to do so, so their child would still receive 100 percent of their monthly stipend. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from the 15th Congressional District of Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ). Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the folks on the committee for their great work on this bill. I stand today to support the bill and also to recognize one of the sections is the Veterans Dog Therapy Act, which was rolled into H.R. 3016. We lose 22 of our former servicemembers every day to suicide. This legislation will create a pilot program at three to five of our VA facilities, which is modeled on the Warrior Canine Connection program for getting access to service dogs for our veterans. Veterans enrolled in this program with service dogs have seen improvements in their PTSD and TBIrelated symptoms. Additionally, it is shown that veterans who own service dogs have fewer symptoms of depression, better interpersonal skills, a lowered risk of substance abuse, and better overall mental health. While no one thing can help cure our suicide epidemic among veterans, this is a good start. I want to thank TIMWALZfor being my cosponsor on this bill. I am glad it is rolled in. I urge my colleagues to support this provision as well as the entire bill. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Ninth Congressional District of Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 3016, the Veterans Employment, Education, and Healthcare Improvement Act. I want to thank the chairman for yielding and his leadership. As we have heard today, this is something that truly does bring us together. As someone who continues to serve in the Air Force and looking at my brothers and sisters in arms, this is something we should be about. I want to thank my colleague from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) for bringing this important legislation to the floor, including language from my legislation, H.R. 423, concerning VA postdelivery care services. I also want to thank Dr. ROEfrom Tennessee for his amendment that would extend the coverage for a female veteran’s postdelivery care to 42 days. Female veterans face unique challenges, especially when many of the services available to them are designed for males. One of the most significant problems female veterans face is access to health care. Currently, the VA is authorized to provide up to 7 days of postdelivery care for a female veteran’s newborn baby. Mr. ROE’s amendment will expand coverage to 42 days, the length that the VA currently provides for mothers. Females represent the fastest growing group of veterans who are enrolling in VA health care, and many of them are mothers or soon will be. It is past time for the VA to expand its care and services to meet the needs of the female veteran. These women have risked their lives to protect our Nation, and our responsibility to them doesn’t end when they are no longer serving on Active Duty. In fact, their service to our country may jeopardize the very lives of their future children, meaning our responsibility to them is even greater. Research shows that having PTSD in the year before delivery increases a 
woman’s risk of premature delivery by 35 percent. Premature infants typically need longer hospitalizations after they are born. I know what it is like to be the parent of a little baby who needed intensive medical care for an extended period of time from the moment she was born. By the way, she is getting ready to turn 24 right now. Any new mother who has given selflessly to her country shouldn’t have to worry about Congress standing in her way as she tries to give selflessly to her own child. I thank my colleague and Chairman MILLER for their leadership on this issue, and I would urge the passage of this bill. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers at this time. I would encourage all my colleagues to support H.R. 3016, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3016, ‘‘Veterans Employment, Education, and Healthcare Improvement.’’ I support this bill because it will benefit our veterans who have suffered debilitating injuries to their lower extremities as a result of their service to the United States. Specifically, this bill clarifies the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veteran Affairs and increases their pay grade to match other VA physician compensation. There is a need in the Department of Veteran Affairs to classify podiatrists as physicians. Our veterans continue to suffer from a variety of foot and lower leg conditions as a direct result of their honorable service which can result from both traumatic and progressive etiologies. A growing number of our veterans have diabetes, which puts them at risk for other disorders and even amputation. The VA Podiatry Program Office spends a great deal of its time collaborating with a number of other programs developing and implementing initiatives relative to the prevention and treatment of diabetes and disorders related to diabetes. Houston, Texas is home to the Michael E. DeBakey Veterans Affairs Medical Center, in one of the nation’s greatest medical centers; the MEDMC has 837 medical providers, but no board certified podiatrists. Our veterans need and deserve specialized treatment and assistance for foot injuries. My congressional district is home to over 25,000 veterans and as an avid supporter of Veteran Affairs I strongly support this bill. As a supporter and cosponsor of numerous bills to assist veterans, such as H.R. 90, the Healthcare Improvement Act, I strongly believe it is our duty to give our veterans the best care when they return home. It is important we recognize podiatrists, who change the lives of our veterans, to be defined as physicians by the Department of Veteran Affairs, and increase their pay grade to reflect other VA physician compensation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3016, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to health care, educational assistance, and vocational rehabilitation, to establish the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
CAREERREADY STUDENT VETERANS ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2360) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of certain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2360 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CareerReady Student Veterans Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material they may have on H.R. 2360, as amended, in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The post9/11 GI Bill provides student veterans with a wonderful opportunity to educate themselves for a job in the new economy. Thousands of training programs and schools have been approved for use of this program, which has benefited millions of veterans. Unfortunately, there are some schools that are not simply providing quality education or training that sufficiently prepares students for jobs in their field of study. 
The committee has found that, in some cases, students have been caught in a situation where the school they attended is properly accredited, but the program they are using at the school is not. This has led to situations where students have completed a training or a degree program only to find out that this training does not qualify them to receive the necessary credentials or take the necessary tests to practice in the career field for which they used their benefits. This was clearly not the intention of the GI Bill, and I am glad that this bill would ensure that in order to be eligible for GI Bill benefits, an accredited or nonaccredited program must meet State accreditation, licensure, or certification standards. This requirement would not only protect student veterans but would also protect the integrity of the GI Bill for future generations. I want to thank Chairman WENSTRUP  of our Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity and the author of the bill, Ranking Member TAKANO , for their work on this legislation, which has my full support. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2306, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2360, the CareerReady Student Veterans Act. Mr. Speaker, I do so for two important reasons. b1545 The first is that it protects veterans using their GI Bill benefits by requiring that all career education programs meet proper accreditation, licensure, and certification requirements in order to be eligible for the GI Bill. The second reason I am so happy to support H.R. 2360 is that it represents the very best of the legislative process. It is the product of collaboration between the majority and the minority, but it is also a collaboration between Congress and the VSO and academic communities. I want to give due credit to the bill’s original author, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity Ranking Member MARK TAKANO , and Chairman WENSTRUP and his staff for working so hard to ensure that the bill meets its goal of preparing student veterans for their chosen fields of study. The CareerReady Student Veterans Act puts in place a protection for student veterans which already exists for servicemen who use the Department of Defense tuition assistance benefits. I am pleased that the bill creates this basic fairness and ensures that the GI Bill benefits help veterans earn credit that will lead to meaningful employment. In addition to ensuring that career education programs meet proper accreditation requirements, the bill also requires that they publicly disclose any additional steps that the student veteran needs to take to prepare them for entry into their chosen profession. I understand this legislation has passed out of committee in the Senate and enjoys bipartisan support there. Again, I want to congratulate the bill’s original authors on this side and offer my strong support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Phoenixville, Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 2360, the CareerReady Student Veterans Act, a straightforward solution that will ensure that career education programs set our veterans on the proper path to their desired employment. As a proud member of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity and a cosponsor of this legislation, H.R. 2360 would ensure that GI Billeligible career education programs provide our veterans with the accreditation and credentials they need to build a career in the professional field or specialty of their choosing. This bill requires that careereducation programs that accept GI Bill tuition payments must have programmatic accreditation if accreditation is required for employment in the career for which the program is designed to prepare its students. The bill also requires that career education programs designed to prepare an individual for licensure or certification in a State must meet the curriculum and instructional requirements set by the State for licensure or certification. Mr. Speaker, if our veterans invest their time and effort to learn a skill set, they will have the peace of mind to know they are on the right careereducation path and the confidence to know that, if they work hard, they will receive the appropriate certification they need to start their desired employment. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Mr. TAKANO for his leadership on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan legislation, H.R. 2360, the CareerReady Student Veterans Act. This bill will ensure that our veterans are using their post9/11 GI benefits at careereducation programs that actually do what they say they do: prepare students for entry into a specific career field. My legislation would require that, in order to be eligible to receive GI Bill benefits, programs have programmatic accreditation, if required by the State for employment in a specific field. Programs also must prepare students for licensure or certification in a field, if required by the State, and they must meet any Statemandated curricular or instructional requirements. This closely mirrors language included in the fiscal year 2014 National Defense Authorization Act in relation to military tuition assistance. We all know the importance of a good job in helping veterans successfully transition out of service and into civilian life. Education and training is often a necessary part of finding that job. Unfortunately, too many veterans waste their time and hardearned education benefits at careereducation programs that don’t actually prepare them for that career field. For example, most States require prospective lawyers to have graduated from a law program accredited by the American Bar Association in order to sit for the bar exam. As we all know, you must pass the bar to practice law. When veterans unwittingly spend their GI Bill benefits at law programs not accredited by the ABA, they graduate with no prospects of becoming a lawyer in most States. My legislation will make sure that this no longer happens. I thank Chairman MILLER and Ranking Member BROWN as well as Chairman WENSTRUP and my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for their support. I urge all my colleagues to vote in favor of the CareerReady Student Veterans Act. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2360. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers at this time. I, too, urge a ‘‘yea’’ vote on H.R. 2360, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security and the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I rise in support of H.R. 2360, the ‘‘CareerReady Student Veterans Act of 2015.’’ This bill encourages new criteria for state approval of applications by educational institutions providing veterans with nonaccredited courses. H.R. 2360 respects the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) educational assistance, provides specific instructions for when the VA can waive requirements by the bill, and instructs the VA to submit to Congress notice of, and justification for, a waiver within 30 days of issuance. The bill clarifies specific circumstances for when the VA shall disapprove a course of education and when a course shall not be subject to disapproval by reason of this Act. Specifically, H.R. 2360 achieves these goals by: 1. Requiring programs designed to prepare individuals for state licensure or certification to fulfill any state instructional curriculum licensure or certification requirements 
2. Providing conditions for the Department of Veterans Affairs to refer to when waiving requirements or disapproving a course of education Finally, H.R. 2360 facilitates the approval of certain programs of education for the purposes of enhancing educational assistance provided by the Department of Veteran Affairs. I am pleased that H.R. 2360 aligns with the significance of legislation I have introduced in the past. I introduced H.R. 76, Helping to Encourage Real Opportunity for Veterans Transitioning from Battlespace to Workplace Act Of 2015. This bill also enhanced the educational options for veterans by focusing on the necessity to establish opportunities that facilitate the transition for veterans from the hostile armed force environment to school or workplace. I introduced H.R. 78, New Chance for a New Start in Life Act of 2015. This bill addresses financial awareness pertaining to grants, and employment training programs to assist longterm unemployed persons to re enter the workforce in areas projected to have the highest rates of demand. Pertaining to educational institutions providing veterans with nonaccredited courses, enforcement of the criteria for state approval of applications allows veterans to benefit from the improvement of the approval process. H.R. 2360 is the first step toward enforcing this implementation strategy and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the ‘‘CareerReady Student Veterans Act of 2015.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2360, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LAKE BALDWIN VETERANS AFFAIRS OUTPATIENT CLINIC PROPERTY CONVEYANCE Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4056) to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4056 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS LAND CONVEYANCE, LAKE BALDWIN VETERANS AFFAIRS OUTPATIENT CLINIC, ORLANDO, FLORIDA. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to add any extraneous material they may have on H.R. 4056, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4056, as amended, which was introduced by my colleague and fellow Floridian, Congressman MICA. This bill would authorize the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs to convey The Community Living Center on the Lake Baldwin campus in Orlando to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs. This conveyance is in line with the VA’s plans to repurpose the Lake Baldwin campus and would save VA from expending money, maintaining the property that the Department has no further use for while allowing this parcel of land to continue to be used in the service of our veterans. I am grateful to Congressman MICA for sponsoring this legislation. I would urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation, H.R. 4056, introduced by my colleague from Florida, Mr. JOHNMICA, will authorize the VA to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs The Community Living Center at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic in Orlando, Florida. When the Orlando VA center is fully completed, it will include 134 inpatient beds, an outpatient clinic, parking garage, chapel, and central energy plant. One of the first buildings opened at the Orlando VA Medical Center was the 120bed Community Living Center and the 60bed domiciliary. Both are now open and accepting veterans. With the new facilities, it is not necessary for the VA to keep two facilities open in close proximity. I am pleased that Mr. MICAwas able to work with the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs to take over this facility and continue to serve the veterans of central Florida. Let me just say one other thing. I am just very impressed with the opening of this facility, the domiciliary, and also the clinic. We were able to get that facility open before the hospital opened, and it was taking veterans. In addition to that, the Department of Defense gave that facility to the Department of Veterans Affairs—institutional memory is very important—and I am just very pleased that we will continue to use this facility for veterans. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. MICA for bringing this before the House. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from the Seventh District of Florida (Mr. MICA), who authored this piece of legislation. Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I would like to thank Chairman MILLER  and also thank Ranking Member BROWN for their strong support in helping to expedite this legislation. This is a simple measure. It does transfer a vacant 120bed VA nursing care building in Orlando’s VA veteran Baldwin Park facility to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs, as the chairman described. As the ranking member mentioned, we actually have opened a 120bed new facility to the south of Orlando and a 60bed domiciliary unit also open now for nearly 2 years. Adjacent to that is a new hospital at Lake Nona. I think Ms. BROWN was with me back in 1999 when this 120bed nursing care facility was dedicated. The facility is not that old. It was closed 2 years ago when we opened the new facility, and the VA used that building and some of the rooms for transition for training for employment. Now the new hospital is open. The new 120bed facility is open to the south and domiciliary unit. We have agreement from the State of Florida to take that facility. You might be interested to know why central Florida would want another veterans facility. 
In some areas, there is a declining population. The chief financial officer of the State just announced that we had 1,000 new people come to Florida every day last year. We have now exceeded 20 million. Many of those are veterans, and they are settling in central Florida. We do have an agreement with the State of Florida to assume this facility. They can open it quicker. They can do it in a costeffective manner for VA. They can take some of the burden off of the Federal VA, which we know has a full set of challenges right now. I want to thank VA Secretary McDonald. I also want to thank my colleagues in 2014, the ranking member, Ms. BROWN ; Mr. W EBSTER ; Mr. GRAYSON ; and myself. We all wrote to Secretary Shinseki, the Secretary at that time, and asked that this be done. It has taken a little bit of time, but we are getting there. Again, I ask concurrence in passing H.R. 4056. It will expedite and make available the needed nursing homes with our aging veterans population and many thousands of veterans moving to the State of Florida and, particularly, central Florida. I thank you again for expediting this, and I ask for the House to concur in passing H.R. 4056. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Mr. MICAfor his leadership in this area. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 4056. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4056, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4056, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘The Community Living Center’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1600 AMERICAN HEROES COLA ACT OF 2015 Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 677) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual cost ofliving adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain serviceconnected disabled veterans, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 677 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall take such steps as may be necessary to ensure that when a regional office of the Department of Veterans Affairs receives a form known as ‘‘VA Form 9, Appeal to Board of Veterans’ Appeals’’, or any successor form, submitted by a veteran to appeal a decision relating to a claim, the regional office certifies such form by not later than one year after the date of the receipt of the form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials to H.R. 677, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 677, as amended. H.R. 677, as amended, contains many important provisions that would help 
our Nation’s veterans, including provisions to provide an automatic annual COLA, costofliving adjustment, for veterans’ benefits; expedite the processing of veterans’ claims and appeals; improve VA’s fiduciary program; expand the official documentation accepted by the Secretary of Defense to grant veteran status with limited benefits to World War II Merchant Marine and Coastwise Merchant Seamen; designate certain cities as American World War II cities; and express the sense of Congress honoring American veterans disabled for life. I want to recognize the hard work of the Members whose proposals have been incorporated into H.R. 677, as amended. I particularly want to thank my colleagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee: Chairman MILLER , Ranking Member BROWN , Ms. T ITUS, Dr. RUIZ, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. O’R OURKE . In addition, I want to acknowledge the contributions of Representatives JOHNSON, BUTTERFIELD , LATTA , ROUZER , and FRANKEL . H.R. 677, as amended, incorporates legislation that Chairman MILLER introduced that would expand the eligibility for a medallion provided by VA for private headstones that identify the deceased as a veteran. These medallions may be attached to privately purchased headstones of veterans who are buried in private cemeteries. They are inscribed with the word ‘‘veteran’’ across the top, and the branch of service is inscribed along the bottom. The medallions have proven to be very popular, with many families choosing to use it to honor the service of their loved one. Unfortunately, current law only authorizes medallions for veterans who died before November 1, 1990. During a Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee hearing, the VA testified that it has been forced to deny 91 percent of applications for medallions because the requests were made by families of veterans who died before November 1, 1990. H.R. 677, as amended, would allow the VA to provide these medallions to individuals who served in the Armed Forces after April 6, 1917, which is the date the United States entered World War I. The reason that this proposal limits eligibility to those who served after April 6, 1917, is due to the possibility that attaching a medallion to an older headstone may cause damage. There are also concerns that placing medallions on antique headstones in older cemeteries may alter the appearance of historic cemeteries. H.R. 677, as amended, would protect historic gravestones and cemeteries, but also recognizes the importance in honoring the service and sacrifice of those who have served our Nation in the Armed Forces. These medallions ensure that veterans who are buried in private cemeteries and whose graves are marked by privately purchased headstones can easily be distinguished. I hope that when people visit these cemeteries and see these medallions they take a few moments to remember that we all owe our freedom to our Nation’s veterans. These patriotic heroes deserve nothing less. This bill also includes the text of H.R. 1575, a bill that was introduced by Ranking Member BROWN to extend a pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans who are newly separated from service. This pilot was originally authorized in 2010, and pilot participants have reported unanimously positive experiences and a significant improvement in well being, stress, and positive coping skills following their participation in the retreats. I am grateful to the ranking member for sponsoring this provision in recognition of the good work being done in this pilot program and the need to ensure that women veterans continue to have access to it. There are many provisions in H.R. 677, as amended, that would help improve services for veterans and their families, but I want to focus my remarks on the section that I am proud to have authored. First, the bill would authorize an automatic annual COLA for beneficiaries who receive VA disability compensation. Although Congress generally approves COLA legislation every year, veterans have to wait until Congress actually acts. This can be very stressful for our veterans and their families who depend on their payments to make ends meet. Our Nation’s heroes should not have to wait to know whether they are going to be able to pay their bills or not. H.R. 677, as amended, would ensure that our Nation’s veterans automatically receive the same annual COLA as Social Security recipients. This critical provision will help our Nation’s veterans better plan for their financial future, and I urge all Members to support it. Second, this legislation would help make it more convenient for veterans to schedule disability examinations by extending the temporary authorization that allows the VA to use contract physicians to conduct disability examinations through 2017. Veterans in rural areas, like the Fifth District which I represent, may have to travel long distances to see a VA examiner for a disability examination. My proposal would make it easier to schedule disability examinations by permitting the VA to contract with any physician with a current, unrestricted license to conduct these examinations in the United States. Additionally, H.R. 677, as amended, would require the VA to provide Congress with regular types of claims veterans file. This information will help better inform our efforts to reform the VA and ensure veterans receive timely, accurate claims decisions. Section 4 of H.R. 677, as amended, would also express the sense of Congress that the VA should develop a designated form for an increased rating claim or reopening of a claim that does not require the resubmittal of information previously submitted to the Department. I am grateful for the ranking member’s response in this provision in recognition of the good work being done in this pilot program, and we need to ensure that it is passed. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to express my appreciation to all the members of our committee who have worked to address these issues in a bipartisan manner, and I truly hope we can stay focused on what is important here, which is helping veterans. This bill extends a pilot counseling program for women veterans separating from the military and coping with PTSD and other combatrelated stress issues. These specialized programs are helping women transition from the military and start the next phase of their lives. I would also like to highlight an important piece of this legislation that was originally introduced by my friend and colleague, Mr. O’ROURKE , the Express Appeals Act. As highlighted by my friend and colleague, Representative TITUS, other members of the committee, and even the VA Secretary just 2 weeks ago, the appeals process is in crisis. We in the House have heard the cry for help and have responded. After passing this bill, we will wait for our friends in the Senate to take action. We encourage them to remember our veterans suffer for our inaction. This action provides a critical and widely supported alternative appeals process. I applaud Representatives O’ROURKE  and COOK, Chairman M ILLER , the VA, the Board of Appeals, the DAV, the VFW, PVA, AMVETS, IAVA, and MOAA in working together for almost 2 years to reach broad consensus on an alternative path forward. The Express Appeals Act, similar to the VA’s Fully Developed Claim program, offers veterans an alternative option to do more of the work on their own, with the promise of an expedited decision from the Board of Veterans Appeals. My friend and colleague, Representative RUIZ’s bill, H.R. 2691, the Veterans’ Survivors Claims Processing and Automation Act of 2015, is also included in this legislation. This provision would automate claims for the surviving family members of veterans. I truly believe how we treat our veterans plays a major role in who is willing to fight our wars and defend our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 677, the American Heroes COLA Act. There are a lot of very excellent provisions to this bill, not the least of which is the automatic COLA, but I actually want to speak to part of this bill that deals with the claims processing. The legislation offered by my colleague from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) would set out to improve the claims processing through several steps. I want to highlight them. First, it would require the VA to accept medical evidence from medical professionals in the community to support veterans’ disability claims. Second, it would establish a commission to independently evaluate the VA’s disability claims and appealed claims backlog. Last, it would develop an alternative program to determine appeals for disability claims more quickly. Each of these steps offers solutions to the current backlog. This bill is a smart, proactive, bipartisan bill that will help reduce the daunting piles of paperwork and delays that many veterans continue to face. I am very proud to be in support of this bill. It is another step in doing our best to reduce the claims backlog, and I thank Mr. ABRAHAM for his leadership on this. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 677, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Let me first thank Mr. TAKANO for yielding, and I thank all of you for your advocacy on this bill. This is a very, very important piece of legislation for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, we are running out of time to finally recognize the critical contributions of a forgotten but critical segment of brave men and women who served our country during World War II. Because we are running out of time, I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 677, which contains provisions from my bill, H.R. 1288, that would create a pathway for these forgotten individuals to finally be recognized for their service to our country. I am referring to an overlooked segment of the World War II Merchant Marine, known as Coastwise Merchant Seamen. These men and women, Mr. Speaker, served the vital role of transporting raw materials and supplies between our domestic military installations and production facilities during the war. Their jobs were absolutely essential to the war effort. To this day, many of these mariners have never been recognized for their service, largely at no fault of their own, but rather because of decisions made by the Federal Government. It has been virtually impossible for many of these mariners to obtain the required documents needed to prove their World War II service due to government orders that either had these documents destroyed or never kept at all. Even today, government inaction and delay on transferring the surviving documents to the National Archives and Records Administration makes searching for and obtaining the required documents practically impossible. As each day passes, this issue grows more acute due to the advanced age of these mariners. We must make it possible for these great Americans to receive their due recognition while we still have the chance. b1615 More importantly, we have to do this now, while these mariners still have the chance to know that their sacrifices were not in vain, and their Nation and government are appreciative of their service. Mr. Speaker, these mariners are national treasures, and we are here today because of their sacrifices. They deserve, each of them, to be recognized for their service, and I ask my colleagues to join me in this effort by voting ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. I want to thank Chairman MILLER , Ranking Member BROWN , subcommittee Chairman ABRAHAM , and Ranking Member TITUS for working with me and my staff on this issue, and including provisions of my bill in the base text. I want to thank the committee staff for all of their hard work. I am appreciative of their efforts. This has been a true team effort, and we are now one step closer to finally doing the right thing. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. I thank Mr. TAKANO for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 677, a bill that honors American veterans disabled for life. I thank my friend from Florida, Chairman JEFF MILLER , for cosponsoring this bill with me and shepherding its passage. As the mother of a United States Marine veteran, I want to first start by thanking all our veterans who have served us. Thankfully for my family, my son returned safely from two wars. But, sadly, there are many for whom leaving the battlefield does not mark the end of a conflict, for them or their family. Jeff Colaiacovo is one of those people. I am proud to say he is a constituent and one of my heroes. On his 18th birthday, unlike many young men of his generation, he volunteered for the Army to go to the Vietnam War, and it would be brutal. A few months into his tour, in 1967, Jeff’s tank hit a mine, and shrapnel exploded into his eyes, blinding him. Miraculously, the doctors were able to recover his vision, and soon after, he was back on the battlefield. Then, on August 30, 1967, Jeff’s tank was hit by a rocketpropelled grenade, trapping him inside, his body engulfed in flames. He spent 5 months in burn units around the world. He left the Army with an honorable discharge. And, again, he was not to be deterred. He got married. He raised children. He started a small business. The thing is, Mr. Speaker, the injuries he sustained during his service left him disabled for life. And to this day, Jeff is under heavy medication for PTSD. He bears the scars of duty that remind us all of what he and many others gave in serving us. Now, this bill recognizes that October 5 is the anniversary of the dedication of the Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial, a magnificent memorial that sits just steps away from the Capitol. On one of its walls reads a quote from Dwight D. Eisenhower: ‘‘Each of you bears upon his body the permanent, honorable scars of dangerous service: service rendered in order that our great nation might continue to live according to the expressed will of its own citizens.’’ In honor of Jeff, and so many others, let’s pass this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As I conclude, I would like to speak about a provision in this bill. Included here is language extending the very successful pilot program run by the Department of Veterans Affairs which provides psychiatric and psychological counseling and support in retreat settings for newly returned women veterans. A Veterans Health Administration report showed that this limited, 2year pilot program, run by the Readjustment Counseling Service, produced positive, measurable results helping returning women veterans experiencing posttraumatic stress, depression, sleep disturbances and isolation, many having been evaluated as serviceconnected for severe PTSD. In surveys, participants have consistently reported experiencing a marked decrease in stress symptoms and an increase in coping skills, including understanding better how to develop support systems and to access available resources at the VA and in their communities as they reenter civilian life. Post9/11 women veterans, often combat veterans, are brought together in groups of about 20, in outdoor settings. These veterans, most of whom are coping with the effects of severe PTSD, some as a result of sexual trauma while in the military, participated in trust building exercises and worked with counselors and psychological educators to build peer support. Financial and occupational counseling and conflict resolution training were also offered on an asneeded basis. I urge support of this provision and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I continue to urge support of H.R. 677. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 677, the ‘‘American Heroes COLA Act.’’ This bill requires that, whenever there is an increase in benefit amounts payable under title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall increase by the same percentage the amounts payable as veterans’ disability compensation. H.R. 677 does the following: 1. compensates for dependents 2. a clothing allowance for certain disabled adults 3. compensation for surviving spouses and children This bill requires that veterans are given the correct percentage and benefit amounts from the Social Security Act. Retired military veterans, VA rates for compensation and pension for disabled veterans and surviving families will be effective December 1, 2015 and will be reflected on the first check to be paid on December 31, 2015. Congress enacted the COLA provision as part of the 1972 Social Security Amendments, and automatic annual COLAs began in 1975. Before that, benefits were increased only when Congress enacted special legislation. COLA impacts benefits to about 59 social security recipients, 1.96 million military retirees and 4 million disabled veterans. This increase in benefit amounts will help alleviate financial stress that millions of our disabled veterans have. As the sponsor of H.R. 76 ‘‘the HERO Transition from Battlespace to Workplace Act,’’ I strongly support our veterans and any bill that helps mitigate soldier to citizen transition. As Abraham Lincoln stated, ‘‘Honor to the soldier and sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country’s cause. Honor, also, to the citizen who cares for his brother in the field and serves, as he best can, the same cause.’’ H.R. 677 is a positive step forward in increasing in benefit amounts payable as veteran’s disability compensation. I strongly support this bill and urge my colleagues to join me and do the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 677, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual costofliving adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain serviceconnected disabled veterans, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VA MEDICAL CENTER RECOVERY ACT Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3234) to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs an Office of Failing Medical Center Recovery, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3234 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Medical Center Recovery Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 3234, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3234, as amended, the Department of Veterans Affairs VA Medical Center Recovery Act. This bill would require the VA to publish key health metrics and use these metrics to determine semiannually which VA medical centers are performing satisfactorily and which are underperforming. If a VA medical center is determined to be underperforming, VA would be required to send a rapid deployment team to the facility within 30 days to establish a remediation plan and provide needed help in problem areas. The VA would also be required to send regular reports to Congress on which facilities are underperforming and what actions have been taken to improve their performance. In addition, the bill would require the VA inspector general to prioritize investigations related to underperforming medical centers and the Office of Accountability Review to prioritize investigations of whistleblower retaliation relating to underperforming medical centers. This bill would also include a provision to strengthen training for undergraduate nurses on veterans unique issues, needs, and benefits. H.R. 3234, as amended, is sponsored by Congresswoman MARTHA ROBYfrom Alabama, and I am grateful for her leadership in introducing this legislation. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY). Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask my colleagues to support H.R. 3234, the VA Medical Center Recovery Act. This bill puts the responsibility for identifying and improving the worst performing VA medical centers squarely on the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, requiring him to deploy teams of experts to turn around failing facilities. The bill would, for the first time, require the VA to publish key metrics known as SAIL data on the Federal Register and would require the Secretary to report to Congress any medical centers determined to be failing. Some of my colleagues might wonder why such a bill is necessary, given the VA reform law that we passed more than a year ago. That was a good bill, but it wasn’t a silver bullet. Many problems still exist in the VA, and it is our responsibility to address them. Mr. Speaker, the Central Alabama VA in my district became known as one of the worst in the country. My staff and I worked with whistleblowers and the press to uncover major instances of misconduct, negligence, and mismanagement inside the Central Alabama VA, including: Widespread manipulation of scheduling data. A nationleading 57 percent of employees reported that managers instructed them to change appointment times to hide long waits. More than 1,000 patient Xrays, some showing malignancies, went missing for months and even years. A pulmonologist was caught twice falsifying more than 1,200 patient records but somehow given a satisfactory review. An employee took a recovering veteran to a crackhouse, bought him drugs, and paid for prostitutes, all to extort his benefits. When caught, the employee wasn’t fired, not until a year later, after our office exposed it publicly. In the wake of these exposures, the Central Alabama VA Director became the first senior VA manager fired under the new law. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ABRAHAM. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 3 minutes. Mrs. ROBY. But even after leadership changes, data showed that the Central Alabama VA’s two medical centers in Montgomery and Tuskegee were ranked the worst and the second worst in the Nation for delays in patient care. By any measure, the Central Alabama VA was the definition of a failing VA system. We had a severe problem, and it required immediate attention. But, Mr. Speaker, getting the attention of the top VA leaders proved difficult. Once our problems left the front page, there wasn’t a whole lot of followup. My veterans in Alabama were subject to some of the worst healthcare service in the country, and no one wanted to take responsibility. Mr. Speaker, I began to think maybe it was because we were depending on a broken bureaucracy to fix itself, that maybe it was because we were asking VA leaders, rather than requiring them, to intervene. Mr. Speaker, I decided that it was time that we changed that. So, in July, I filed that legislation and began working with the Veterans’ Affairs Committee to get a hearing and a vote. I don’t sit on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, so I want to thank the chairman, JEFF MILLER ; the subcommittee chairman, DANBENISHEK ; and all the members of the committee for being receptive and working with me on this bill. I also want to thank all the committee staff for their hard work. There is no question this bill represents a major step forward and a foundation to build upon. It should be noted that almost 2 years after the scandal first broke, we are making progress in central Alabama at the VA. Staffing is up, wait times are down. We are building a Community Veterans Health Network that I believe one day can be an example for the entire Nation. We have a long way to go, and I am truly optimistic about the future. But, Mr. Speaker, it shouldn’t have taken this long and it shouldn’t have taken a Member of Congress breathing down the necks of top VA officials to get the attention that our veterans deserve. You know, sometimes I wonder what would have happened if our courageous whistleblowers hadn’t stepped up or if the reporters we worked with didn’t think it was a story? What if the truth about the missing Xrays, the manipulated pulmonology records, and the crackhouse never came out? What if we want exposed all of that? Would our veterans in central Alabama still be subject to the worst health care in the country? Would we even know? I don’t want what happened in central Alabama to ever happen again anywhere. This bill helps to ensure that by requiring key VA health metrics to be published for everyone to see and making sure that the VA officials at the very top cannot hide behind the layers of bureaucracy when it comes to severely failing centers. Again, I ask my colleagues to support this bill. b1630 Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation, H.R. 3234, as amended, is designed to establish criteria for the evaluation and improvement of VA medical centers. The 
bill requires the VA to create key health metrics to measure whether each medical center is satisfactory or underperforming. The metrics will be published on the VA Web site, and an underperforming medical center will be subject to a rapid deployment team being sent to the facility to create a remediation plan and bring them up to standards. The VA will issue quarterly reports on the underperforming facilities and their progress in the following remediation plan. Additionally, the bill seeks to require the VA to enter into partnerships with recognized schools of nursing to provide undergraduate nursing students enrolled in such schools with standardized training. The bill lists the 11 areas the training should involve, including PTSD, TBI, and military sexual trauma. Mr. Speaker, this bill addresses issues the committee has expressed concerns about in the past. I support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3234, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I also once again encourage all Members to support H.R. 3234, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3234, the Failing VA Medical Center Recovery Act. I support this legislation because it would establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs an Office of Failing Medical Center Recovery, and the position of Under Secretary for Failing Medical Center Recovery to head the Office. The Office shall carry out the managerial and daytoday operational control of each VA failing medical center. The bill directs that the VA shall: publish in the Federal Register and on a publicly available VA website a compilation of key health metrics for each VA medical center; certify semiannually that each VA medical center ranked as ‘‘failing’’ is subject to managerial and daytoday operational control by the Office; revoke the certification of a VA medical center as a failing medical center if it achieves a ranking of ‘‘satisfactory’’ or better for three consecutive fiscal quarters; submit to Congress a quarterly report on the Office, including actions taken by the Under Secretary regarding covered failing medical centers; and transfer each covered failing medical center from the direct control of the relevant Veterans Integrated Service Network to the direct control of the Under Secretary. The bill also ensures that the Inspector General of the VA will prioritize investigations relating to covered failing medical centers, and the Office of Accountability Review will prioritize investigations of whistle blower retaliation relating to such centers. Mr. Speaker, the reason this important legislation is needed is illustrated by the tragic and heart breaking cases of thousands of veterans who were left waiting for care for serious medical conditions. In the State of Texas we have 1,099,141 Veterans under the age of 65 and 590,618 who are over the age of 65. There are over 1,689,759 veterans living in our state. The 18th Congressional District has 20,607 under age 65 and 9,844 Veterans over the age of 65. The Michael E. Debakey Veterans Hospital Center, located in Houston Texas serves the health care needs of thousands of veterans and their families. The Debakey Veterans Hospital Center provides support to veterans and their families who are amputees, cancer, spinal cord injuries, traumatic brain injury, and have visual impairments. The Medical center provides family support services through its Fisher House that provides living suites at no cost to family members of hospitalized Veterans and military members. Today, with our vote on H.R. 3234, we can renew our commitment to our nation’s more than 2 million troops and reservists, their families, and the 22 million veterans who served our nation. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 3234. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3234, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to evaluate the ability of each medical center of the Department to provide quality health care to veterans, to ensure that the Secretary improves such medical centers that are underperforming, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FEMALE VETERAN SUICIDE PREVENTION ACT Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2915) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2915 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 2915, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2915, as amended, the Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act. This bill would amend the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans, or the SAV Act, by directing the Department of Veterans Affairs to ensure that the independent thirdparty evaluation of mental health and suicide prevention programs required in the act identifies programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans. Women are an important and an increasing segment of our Active Duty and veteran populations, and, moving forward, we must ensure that VA takes the unique needs of women veterans into account when conducting program reviews and evaluations. This is particularly important for mental health and suicide prevention programs, given that recent research has shown that female veterans commit suicide at nearly six times the rate of other women and are five times more likely to commit suicide than male veterans. H.R. 2915, as amended, would also require the VA to establish and disseminate standards and procedures to ensure that a veteran who has participated in a classified mission or served in a sensitive unit while in the Armed Forces may access VA mental health care in a manner that fully accommodates his or her obligation to not improperly disclose classified information. Serious concerns have been raised about the mental health care that VA provides to veterans following the suicide death of Sergeant Daniel Somers in 2013. Sergeant Somers served on a number of classified missions during his time in the military. When he separated from service and sought VA care, he was enrolled in group therapy sessions despite his fear of being unable to participate comfortably in group sessions due to his fear that he may inadvertently share classified information. Had VA been more responsive to Sergeant Somers’ concerns and provided him treatment that was sensitive to has concerns, he may be with us today. H.R. 2915, as amended, is sponsored by Congresswoman JULIA BROWNLEY of California, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health, and incorporates provisions sponsored by Congresswoman KYRSTEN SINEMA of Arizona. I am grateful to both of them for their work. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2915, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2915, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs that are effective in treating women veterans as a part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary. My friend, the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee, Ms. JULIA BROWNLEY , was integral to identifying the issues affecting women suicides. I commend her leadership in bringing this issue to our attention. Congress has long recognized the unacceptable rates of suicide among our Nation’s veterans. Most recently, Congress passed the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, Public Law 114–2, which requires an independent third party to evaluate VA mental health care and suicide prevention programs. VA’s most recent suicide data report was released in February of 2013. That report found that 18 to 22 veterans per day commit suicide. In a followup report, the VA found an increase in the suicide rate among female veterans who use the VA healthcare system. This finding echoes recent research that found that female veterans commit suicide nearly six times the rate of other women and that women veterans are five times more likely to be successful in committing suicide than male veterans. This bill would amend the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act to include within the independent thirdparty evaluation specific metrics applicable to women and to identify the VA mental health care and suicide prevention programs that are most effective and have the highest satisfaction rates among with women veterans. Additionally, this legislation includes a provision that my friend, Representative KYRSTEN SINEMA of Arizona, has been working on for years. This section requires the VA to establish and publish standards and procedures to ensure that a woman who participated in a classified mission or served in a sensitive unit while in the Armed Forces may access VA mental health care without improperly disclosing classified information. This provision would also require the VA to find alternative methods of mental health treatment for veterans who need to access care without being put in a position where they may reveal information that should not be disclosed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. Once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 2915, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ). Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, first I would like to thank Chairman MILLER and Ranking Member BROWN for their help in moving the Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act forward. I would also like to recognize my colleague from Arizona whose bill honoring the memory of her constituent, Army veteran Sergeant Daniel Somers, has been included. Mr. Speaker, as you know, the women veteran population is more than 2 million and growing quickly. But our understanding of the experience of women in the military and women veterans is not keeping pace with this rapidly changing demographic. We agree that one of the most pressing and immediate issues we must address, as Members of Congress, is the tragic epidemic of suicide among all of our veterans. Last year Congress passed the Clay Hunt SAV Act, which required the VA to conduct annual evaluations of its suicide prevention and mental health programs. I am confident that the Clay Hunt bill will save lives. But recently researchers analyzed data from 23 States and the Suicide Repository on more than 170,000 suicides over a 10year period. These researchers found data suggesting that female veteran suicide follows very different patterns than male veteran suicide. The statistics are extremely startling. Suicide among women veterans increased by an astounding 40 percent from 2000 to 2010. The suicide rate among veteran women is nearly six times higher than among nonveteran women. For women ages 18 to 29, the risk of suicide is even higher, at nearly 12 times the rate of nonveteran women. We don’t know whether the reasons are related to the high rate of military sexual assault, genderspecific experiences on the battlefield, or factors that distinguish differing personal backgrounds, which is exactly the point. Without looking more closely at the root causes, we cannot hope to find better solutions. Last year the Los Angeles Times wrote about this issue describing the heartbreaking case of Army medic Sara Leatherman. Even before her deployment, Sara had experienced depression and attempted suicide. She was discharged early from her deployment because of a back injury sustained in Iraq. Suffering from post traumatic stress and experiencing physical pain from her injury, Sara was not able to live by herself and moved in with her grandmother. Sara was trying to get her life back on track and was attending community college. Although Sara was receiving VA treatment for PTSD, at the very young age of 24, she tragically took her life. Her family has been utterly destroyed by their loss. While so very distressing, the VA was unable to help Sara. So we must honor Sara’s memory and the memory of other women veterans whom we so tragically lost to suicide by doing our very best to better understand the underlying and unique causes that lead women veterans to take their lives over wanting to live their lives. I introduced the Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act to do just that by 
building upon and improving the Clay Hunt SAV Act. My bill will help identify the different mental health and suicide prevention programs that are most effective for either male or female veterans. My bill will also require the VA to report to Congress annually on the results of this analysis. Finally, my bill will require that VA’s evaluation of its suicide prevention programs include specific performance metrics for women veterans. The Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act passed the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee proudly with bipartisan support. It is also supported by the Service Women’s Action Network, The American Legion, the Military Order of the Purple Heart, Disabled American Veterans, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the Vietnam Veterans of America. Mr. Speaker, this bill will give us more tools in the toolbox to help save the lives of men and women who have bravely served our country with great honor and distinction. One human life unnecessarily lost is one life too many. I thank my colleagues on the committee for making the Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act a priority. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on this important legislation. 
THEAMERICAN LEGION , Washington, DC, September 11, 2015. Hon. JULIA BROWNLEY , U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE BROWNLEY : On be half of the over 2 million members of The American Legion, I would like to express our support for H.R. 2915, the Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act. This bill, as written, would improve female veteran suicide prevention programs within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) by amending Title 38 directing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans. This bill also strives to improve suicide prevention programs for female veterans enrolled in the VA healthcare system. In 2014, The American Legion passed a resolution urging the President and Congress to sign into law the Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act or similar acts that will expand and improve the care provided to veterans and servicemembers who have mental health issues or are at risk of suicide. Under this Act, the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs would be required to review their mental health care programs on an annual basis to ensure their effectiveness, offer special training on identifying those high risk veterans who are suicidal to their mental health providers, and to improve the process regarding medical records and prescriptions for the purpose of ensuring that there is a seamless health care process for those servicemembers who are transitioning out of the service. Again, The American Legion supports H.R 2915, the Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act and applauds your leadership in addressing this critical issue facing our nation’s veterans and their families. Sincerely, DALEBARNETT , National Commander. MILITARY ORDER OF  
THEPURPLE HEART , Springfield, VA, December 15, 2015. Hon. JEFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MILLER : On behalf of the Military Order of the Purple Heart (MOPH), I am pleased to offer support for H.R. 2915, the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act’’. This legislation, if enacted, would help to identify mental health and suicide prevention programs that are the most effective and have the best outcomes among women veterans and would require that the results be reported to both the Senate and House Veterans Committees. The recent data that has been published is deeply troubling. The data suggests that the suicide rate among women veterans is approximately six times higher than that of women who did not serve in the military. While the Department of Veterans Affairs is examining why the suicide rate among women veterans is so much higher and how a history of Military Sexual Trauma may be one of the contributing factors, we as a nation must devote the time and resources to support these women who served our country in uniform. MOPH requests that you bring this legislation before your committee as soon as possible so that America’s women veterans understand that this issue will be given a high priority and that their service is appreciated. Respectfully, ROBERT PUSKAR , National Commander. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, again, I wish to thank my colleagues, Ms. BROWNLEY and Ms. S INEMA , for bringing the issues surrounding the prevention of female suicides in the military to our attention. I urge passage of this very important bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act (H.R. 2915). The VA estimates that 22 veterans take their own lives each day, or over 8,000 per year—more than have been killed in action since 9/11. The incidence of suicide among our veteran population is stunning, tragic beyond words, and simply unacceptable. Too many veterans have returned from fighting our enemies overseas to fighting for their lives at home. As the son of a WW2 combat veteran, I have witnessed the residual wounds of war, the struggle to cope with the posttraumatic stress that can continue for decades and the pain that a lack of access to services can cause for veterans and their families. Recognizing this great, unmet need, Congress recently enacted the bipartisan ‘‘Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans (SAV) Act,’’ legislation targeting the gaps in the VA’s mental health and suicide prevention efforts. Among other provisions, the law requires annual, independent third party evaluations of the effectiveness of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ (VA) programs and establishes best practices for caring for atrisk veterans. While the Clay Hunt Act is a comprehensive and welldesigned law—I cosponsored and voted for it twice—there is one area where improvements could be made to maximize its impact and better assist one group of veterans: female veterans. As the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee report states: In 2014, the VA released an update to the survey and found increases in the suicide rate in female users of the VA health care system. Female veterans commit suicide at nearly six times the rate of other women and that women veterans are five times more likely to commit suicide than male veterans. Yet the VA’s research focuses primarily on men and little is known about the complex causes and factors that are driving the suicide rate among females who have served. The bill we are voting on today offers a modest but important step to enhance our understanding of, and hopefully help remedy, these staggering numbers. Specifically, H.R. 2915 directs the VA to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs that are most effective and have the highest satisfaction rates among women veterans. We as a nation have a duty and obligation to repay the debt we owe to those who have fought in defense of our nation and our ideals. This bill helps ensure we better address the physical and emotional wounds of all veterans and I urge all members to support it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a proud cosponsor I rise in strong support of H.R. 2915, the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act,’’ which directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to implement mental health care and suicide prevention programs and identify metrics that are effective in reducing the incidence of suicide among female veterans. Over the last decade suicide has become a major issue for the military, but the research has been predominantly focused on men and too much remains unknown about the cause and frequency of suicide among female veterans. Mr. Speaker, several recent studies show that, unfortunately, female military veterans commit suicide at nearly 6 times the rate of other women. The suicide rate among female veterans is so high that it approaches that of their male counterparts, a finding that surprises researchers because men generally are far more likely than women to commit suicide. The highest rates of suicide are found among young female veterans, ages 18–29, who are 12 times more likely to commit suicide as their civilian counterparts. This is heart breaking, but perhaps not unexpected, since reports indicate that 10% of women serving on active duty are victims of rape and another 13% were subjected to other unwanted sexual contact. Mr. Speaker, in every other age group, including women who served as far back as the 1950s, suicide rates for female veterans are between 4 and 8 times higher than that of their civilian counterparts. These trends are so disturbing that it has earned the sobriquet from the Houston Chronicle as ‘‘The Silent National Epidemic.’’ The Texas Department of State Health Services lists a decedent’s military experience in his or her death record, regardless of whether the deceased was serving in the armed forces at time of death. While it is not clear what is driving the rates of female veteran suicides, the consistency across age groups suggests that a statistically significant correlation exists between gender and military service but the sad truth is that we lack sufficient data to generate externally valid inferences about causation. 
In the general population, women attempt suicide more often than men but succeed less because women usually use pills or other methods that are less lethal than firearms. Female veterans, however, are more likely than other women to possess firearms, and more likely to use a firearm to commit suicide (40% compared to 34% of civilian women). H.R. 2915 is intended to make progress in identifying the causes and reducing the incidences of suicide by female veterans. The bravery and devotion of female veterans, who have provided heroic service to our nation, often at great personal costs, is unquestioned. We owe it to them to be there when they need our help just as they were there to answer the call when their country needed them. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 2915, the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2915, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ILLIANA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM PROPERTY CONVEYANCE Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3262) to provide for the conveyance of land of the Illiana Health Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3262 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. b1645 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 3262. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3262. This bill authorizes the Department of Veterans Affairs to convey property on the VA Illiana Health Care System campus in Danville, Illinois, to the Danville Area Community College. Authorizing this conveyance would allow the VA to dispose of a vacant building for which it has no intended future use and is costly to maintain. It would also allow the Department to straighten their property line, subsequently shortening the amount of fencing that is required to secure the safety of the medical center campus. H.R. 3262 is sponsored by my friend and colleague from Illinois, Congressman JOHN SHIMKUS , and I thank him for his leadership in sponsoring and advancing this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3262. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3262 authorizes the VA to convey to the Danville Area Community College of Danville, Illinois, what is known as Building Number 48, which is part of the VA Illiana Health Care System. In return, the college will convey back to the VA certain lands near the college library building. We do not have any issues with the legislation, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ). (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, it does take an act of Congress to transfer lands and buildings, and that is kind of what we are doing here today, so I rise in support of this bill. It is a very simple bill that is going to benefit the VA there in Danville, but also the local community with the Danville Area Community College. Danville, Illinois, is a small town that has been home to some big names. Dick Van Dyke called Danville home in his childhood. Speaker Joe Cannon, a name we all know in Congress, was from Danville. Today, Danville is home to the VA Illiana Health Care System and the Danville Area Community College, commonly known as DACC. DACC’s president, Dr. Alice Jacobs, is an exceptional leader who has dedicated 45 years to higher education, including the last 16 years leading DACC. She has recently announced her retirement in the coming year, and I thank her for her dedicated service to the students and the community of Danville and wish her the best in the future. The VA and DACC are an excellent example of how two institutions can work in cooperation to serve our veterans. The location of the VA hospital adjacent to the community college campus allows our veterans returning home to seek their medical care and help with benefits, while the college provides the opportunity for educational and training experiences that can help them transition into civilian life. However, when the property lines were drawn between these two fine institutions, it wasn’t in a straight line. Today, that has created a challenge as the VA explores the option of building a security fence along its boundary. Building that fence along the existing property lines will be more expensive. My bill, H.R. 3262, solves this problem by swapping two small parcels of land that both the VA and DACC have agreed to, creating a straight fence line. Swapping these parcels is beneficial for the local community as well. In exchange for the land it gives up, DACC will receive a parcel of land with a historic, centuryold Carnegie Library. This building has become so deteriorated and expensive to maintain that the VA has stopped using it. Now the building sits vacant while the VA still pays for basic maintenance and utilities. In its testimony to the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee’s Health Subcommittee, the VA stated that disposing of this building would save an estimated $98,000 over the next 10 years. Danville and DACC see great potential for the building. Through the generosity of a private donor, DACC plans 
to transform the old library into a cultural center, providing the local treasure. Swapping these parcels of land is a win for the VA, saving money on the construction of the fence and maintenance of an unused building, and a win for Danville, providing the community with a historically significant location to host a valuable cultural attraction. H.R. 3262 is a simple, winwin bill for all parties involved. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman MILLER and Ranking Member B ROWN for their support in moving this bill, along with the Veterans’ Affairs Committee staff for their work in getting the bill to the floor. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3262. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3262. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 3262. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3262. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
9/11 MEMORIAL ACT Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3036) to designate the National September 11 Memorial located at the World Trade Center site in New York City, New York, as a national memorial, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3036 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘9/11 Memorial Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. PITTENGER ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MAC ARTHUR ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I was working in New York City in the fall of 2001 when terrorists tore a hole in our skyline and nearly 3,000 Americans lost their lives. Like many others, I lost people that I knew. For many, they lost their dearest loved ones—their soulmate, mother, father, brother, sister, children, child, friend. All of us were moved by stories of heroism that followed that event—hundreds of firefighters and police and other first responders who gave their own lives to save others. In the months that followed, I remember coming around that site every morning as I went to work because I couldn’t take the tunnel anymore. It was closed. I would take the ferry from New York to New Jersey. We would come around the tip of Manhattan. Every morning as we passed the World Trade Center site, a hush would fall on that ferry boat, and people would ponder what happened there. That went on as autumn turned into winter and winter turned into spring, month after month, as we watched the seemingly endless restoration of that tragic site. Mr. Speaker, on September 11, 2011— 10 years later—the National September 11 Memorial opened. It was erected to remember those who fell, to recognize the endurance of the survivors, to honor the bravery of those who risked their lives, and often lost their lives, to save others, and, above all, to remember the power of our free Nation to overcome evil with good. It stands as a reminder to every generation that we must never forget and we must never falter. Mr. Speaker, private citizens with deep concern erected that memorial. I applaud them for their good work. But now it is our part to preserve and protect this hallowed ground and to answer this national tragedy with national support. The National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act recognizes this site as a national memorial. It provides for funding for security and operations. I want to thank the many who have endorsed this bill. Eightytwo Members of this Chamber have cosponsored it. Police organizations have gotten behind it, including the National Association of Police Organizations and the Fraternal Order of Police, veterans organizations, including the Iraq and Afghanistan Vets of America, Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey, Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York, and, most importantly, nearly a dozen family and friend support groups of those that were most deeply impacted by 9/11. Private donors and concerned citizens have done their part at this site, and they continue to. But now it is our solemn duty, I believe, to honor the fallen and to protect the living. I urge my colleagues to pass the National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This bill, as we know, designates the 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center as the National September 11 Memorial and authorizes a grant program of up to $25 million per year for the next 7 years to support the operation and the maintenance of the memorial. The bill was amended at markup to make the grant program available to other September 11 memorials located in the United States. Money for the grant program will be subject to appropriation and come out of the overall budget of the Department of Interior. I want to thank and congratulate my colleague from New York, Representative NADLER , as the lead Democratic cosponsor. He has diligently guided this bill through the legislative process. It is because of his hard work and advocacy that it has come this far. September 11 both rattled and united this country like few other events in our history. We still live with the repercussions, and the memorial is a fitting tribute and a solemn reminder. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act. The events of September 11 continue to stir emotions for Americans when we think about that day’s tragic losses, remarkable acts of bravery, and the stark reminders that life is precious and evil is real. As a Nation, we have pledged to ‘‘Never Forget’’ what happened on September 11, and today, by passing this legislation, we can put our actions behind that sentiment. 2016 marks the 75th anniversary of Pearl Harbor and the 15th anniversary of 9/11. Just as the USS Arizona provides a place for future generations to understand where—and more importantly how and why—we were attacked in 1941, the National September 11 Memorial gives Americans a place to understand the tragedy of that day and ongoing sacrifices of the United States Armed Forces. Indeed, December 7 and September 11 are now two dates that will live in infamy. b1700 I thank my colleague, TOMMAC ARTHUR , for introducing this legislation, and I thank everyone from the National September 11th Memorial and Museum for all of their hard work. I have been to the Memorial and have felt the incredibly emotional effect it has had on each visitor. Unfortunately, many of our enemies see this symbol of our Nation’s strength and resolve as a target, and, as such, the Memorial requires a high level of security in order to keep its over 6 million annual visitors safe. This legislation ensures the Memorial will receive the support it needs to provide a safe experience for every visitor who passes through, whether he be His Holiness, Pope Francis, or whether he be the young schoolchild who was not yet been born on September 11, 2001. I would like to take a moment to recognize a very special person, Rob O’Neill, a former member of SEAL Team 6, who is best known for his actions in the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. The 9/11 Memorial has a special place in his heart, and he has been a strong advocate for this bill. He has told me and others that the site is important to him and to his fellow special operators. It helps signify the cause for which they were fighting. In fact, the shirt he wore on the mission is on display at the museum, along with other artifacts from 9/11 and from the many years since, chronicling how Americans have pulled together to support each other, to secure our Nation, and to re dedicate ourselves to liberty and justice. So I thank Mr. O’Neill for his service and for his sacrifice. Once again, I convey my support for this bill, and I encourage all of my colleagues to pass the 9/11 Memorial Act. I thank Tricia Evans and Ian Foley, who are on my staff, for their hard work on this bill. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I did not extend to Representative MACARTHUR my appreciation for his leadership and for bringing the bill to this point as well. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), whom I thank for his leadership and hard work in getting this bill to this point. Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, more than 14 years ago, two jet planes were deliberately crashed into the World Trade Center— killing thousands of innocent people. A third plane slammed into the Pentagon, and a fourth plane, likely destined for this very Capitol complex in which we now stand, was brought down by a group of courageous passengers in a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. As I do today, I represented Ground Zero—the World Trade Center area—on September 11, 2001. In the hours immediately after the attack, I left Washington and took the last train back to my home in New York. I will never forget the moment I first saw the ravaged skyline of Lower Manhattan from the train windows. Normally, on the train, while going between Philadelphia and New York, I would look to see the first glimpse I could catch of the Twin Towers. Now what you could see were not the Twin Towers but long, tall, billowing clouds of smoke that were going straight up and then were stretching down the Jersey Shore. The Twin Towers had been replaced by the brutal glow of raging fires and of black, billowing smoke. The train that left at 10 o’clock arrived at 6 p.m. We had been held up in Baltimore while they walked the tracks, looking for bombs. Coming out of Penn Station at 6 o’clock was like a scene from the movie ‘‘On the Beach’’ for those who remember that movie. Nothing was moving. The city at 33rd Street and Eighth Avenue seemed completely empty—no people, no cars, no buses. There was nothing moving as if it were completely depopulated. To get home, I had to call a friend to come pick me up. When I went down to the World Trade Center the next morning, the scene was absolutely horrible. There was fire, smoke, debris, twisted metal, human remains—total devastation. Yet, even then, there were signs of hope. Firefighters, police, Emergency Medical Technicians, ironworkers, and construction workers of all types rushed to Ground Zero from around the country to offer their help. Messages of support and comfort flooded in from all 50 States. The American people were united and determined to help New York get back on its feet. The attack may have occurred in my district, but it was an attack on our Nation as a whole, and we all recognized that. In the years since the attacks, America has acted as a Nation to help rebuild New York and to support the responders, survivors, and families of the victims. Last year, Congress reauthorized the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act so as to provide health care and support the 33,000 responders and survivors who now live in all 50 States and in 429 congressional districts. By passing a permanent health program and reauthorizing the Victim Compensation Fund, Congress provided peace of mind for tens of thousands of brave Americans. In addition to making our responders and survivors whole, Congress invested billions of dollars to help rebuild Lower Manhattan. One World Trade Center now fills the hole that was left in our skyline when the towers fell, and businesses that were shuttered after the attack are reopened and are thriving. In what was once the shadow of the towers, there now stands a comprehensive museum that is dedicated to sharing the stories of September 11th and the bravery of those who risked everything to protect their fellow Americans on that day and on the days following. In place of the smoking hole that Congressman MACARTHUR and I saw day after day in Lower Manhattan, there now exists a somber and inspiring memorial. It is a site of remembrance and hope—a place for every American to come and reflect as to what happened on that September morning and to renew our promise to never forget the events of that day. It is a national memorial for a national tragedy. That is why I am pleased to cosponsor the legislation, introduced by my colleague from New Jersey, to provide Federal recognition and support for the memorial. This legislation will help ensure the memorial continues to provide a sacred and inspiring spot for generations to come. 
I appreciate the bipartisan support from the members of the Natural Resources Committee and from the House leadership in bringing this bill to the floor today. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the House Appropriations Committee every year to ensure that the National 9/11 Memorial and Museum receives appropriate levels of funding. I will also work with my colleagues to maintain open communications with the Department of the Interior to ensure the money is spent wisely and achieves our shared goal of ensuring the memorial remains a spot of reflection and peace and is accessible to millions of visitors every day. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and provide the recognition and support this memorial deserves. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I acknowledge Representative NADLER , and I thank him for his support in this process. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, 15 years ago this September 11th, our country suffered the most deadly and devastating attack since its birth. Terrorists chose the Twin Towers because they stood proud and they stood tall. They stood as symbols of the raw power of people free to pursue their dreams, to live their values, and to practice their faiths. When the towers fell, they took Americans from every corner of our Nation; and when the President stood atop a fire engine and spoke through a bullhorn to console a broken Nation, he spoke to every man, woman, and child in our United States who was suffering and was saddened by an unimaginable act of hate. Heroes from all over the country came to Lower Manhattan to sift through the rubble and pick up the pieces. It was a site of national tragedy, a site of national heroism, and it must also be the site of a national memorial. It is only fitting that the 9/11 Memorial receives proper funding just like every other national memorial. It is sacred ground, and it must be maintained accordingly. Also, annual security costs run into the millions of dollars as the site remains a top terrorist target. Mr. Speaker, terrorists may have attacked our country at three locations that day, but they also attacked the spirit inside all of us. I encourage every Member of this body to vote for this legislation and to visit the 9/11 Memorial and Museum to see what I and Representative NADLER see every day. I thank Representative MACARTHUR  for introducing this legislation, and I again thank—always—the heroes of that fateful day. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. I thank the ranking member. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3036, the National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act, which was introduced by my friends Congressmen TOMMACARTHUR and J ERRY NADLER—two sentinels of Americans’ liberty and freedom. President Bush traveled to the site with Democrats and Republicans. I have never seen in my experience here no other effort close to it of how we were united. We accomplished so much when we were united, and we learned to respect each other even more. On that day, our lives, our country, and the world changed forever. In the aftermath, Americans came together for a common purpose—to rescue, to rebuild, and to remember those we had lost— friends and neighbors, many of them. They were from all faiths, all persuasions. This memorial and the museum at the World Trade Center were constructed so that we would never forget those brothers and sisters, children and parents, cousins and colleagues. We called them that at the time; yet the further we get from 9/11 we very seldom refer to ‘‘sisters’’ and ‘‘brothers’’ except for our relatives and our brave first responders who perished during one of the darkest moments in our Nation’s history. Ensuring this Memorial site will be here for years to come will give millions of people around the world the opportunity to pay tribute to those who were lost and to find inspiration in how our Nation has recovered. As a proud supporter of our National Park Service, I know it will make sure the site remains a sacred place of healing and of hope as a national memorial. As a result, Mr. Speaker, I urge the swift passage of H.R. 3036 in order to solidify the memorial’s standing, to honor the memories of those we lost, and to ensure future generations can learn about that tragic day. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ). Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3036, the 9/11 Memorial Act. I thank my colleague, Mr. MAC ARTHUR , for his leadership on this incredibly important issue. Fifteen years ago on September 11th, every American will remember where he was when the horrifying news broke of these terrorist attacks. Mr. Speaker, as the youngest Member currently serving in Congress, I was in my high school English class when the horrible news was shared with my classmates from our teacher. I remember my schoolmates, crying, who couldn’t get ahold of their older siblings, of their aunts and uncles, of their cousins who worked in the World Trade Center. On that horrifying day when terrorists attacked our Nation, we also saw true acts of heroism. As the workers of the World Trade Center were running out to escape, our first responders were running up the stairs to save their fellow Americans. Strangers helped fellow strangers escape the buildings. New Yorkers helped others walk miles home to get to their families. b1715 New Yorkers will never forget the horrifying attacks. This Nation will never forget these horrifying attacks. The 9/11 memorial is truly hallowed ground. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge passage of this legislation. This legislation, this 9/11 National Memorial, no matter what corner of this great Nation of ours we are from, we have a shared legacy here. That shared legacy is about sacrifice, heroism, and indeed loss as well. We have a shared future from this memorial about determination, resilience, and the very nature of this Nation to be hopeful and to look forward. To one another, we have a shared responsibility. This memorial will remind us of that and keep that thought very much alive in all of us. Again, let me congratulate and thank the sponsors of the legislation, Mr. NADLER and Mr. M ACARTHUR , for their fine work and for bringing this before us today. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the remarks of my colleagues. Events like 9/11—and the world that it has brought us into—demand that we come together, and I am glad that we have done that on this bill. We have come together to honor the fallen and to protect the living. I urge my colleagues to join in making this the voice of this Chamber as we vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3036, The National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act, and thank my colleagues Reps. MAC ARTHUR and N ADLER for their leadership to bring this bill to the House floor. In the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks, Congress has come together to rebuild New York and the Pentagon and support the responders, survivors, and families of the victims. Last year, we reauthorized the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act, making the health care program essential permanent and extending the Victims Compensation Fund for an additional five years, with full funding. As a New Yorker, the memory of 9/11 continues to evoke pain and sorrow—and the Memorial at Ground Zero stirs these emotions like no other place. The dramatic reflecting pools are a sanctuary of calm within the bustle of lower Manhattan and a moving tribute to the thousands of innocent Americans lost in the attacks. This bill affirms our commitment to remember those lost on 9/11 by designating the site 
JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES BOUNDARIES SYSTEM MAP REVISIONS Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 890) to correct the boundaries of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Unit P16, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 890 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPLACEMENT OF JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYSTEM MAP. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) and the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bipartisan bill corrects Coastal Barrier Resources System boundary errors in Collier County, Florida. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, which administers the coastal barriers system program, has acknowledged the need to correct these errors and has since remapped the area. The agency sent the new maps to the Congress, which has the sole authority to change the boundaries and codify the correct maps in this case. This is what the bill, as amended, achieves. I urge its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Coastal Barrier Resources Act, or CBRA, requires the identification of hazardous areas on the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts and makes Federal subsidies off limits to people who choose to develop these lands. Particularly in this time of rising sea levels and increased storm surge brought on by global warming, CBRA is critical to protecting American taxpayers and sensitive coastal ecosystems. H.R. 890 would adjust the boundaries of several Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Florida. These changes have been carefully mapped by the Fish and Wildlife Service and reflect improvements in technology that have allowed us to show with great accuracy which parcels of land do and do not constitute coastal barrier resources under the law. As a result, numerous properties that were originally included by mistake will be removed, and other properties that have been identified as at risk will be included. These changes to the CBRS are protective of private property rights, the environment, and the taxpayers. I urge support of this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, having no other Members to address this legislation on my side, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON ). Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this opportunity to present H.R. 890, which adopts new Coastal Barrier Resources System maps for the southern part of my district, Florida 19, in southwest Collier County, Florida. 
A special thanks to my fellow Members—DONBEYER , MARIO DIAZBALART , and Chairman ROBBISHOP —for their support and helping me push this through. I urge support of the passage. On a personal note, it has been my lifelong concern for the environment and involvement in water quality issues in my hometown of Bonita Springs, Florida, that led me to Congress on an unknowing path really. So introducing this bill, to me, today is really special and personal. A special note of thanks to those who helped—so many folks—particularly Bob and Jack for their perseverance. Perseverance paid off. Also, I thank Cherie for her abiding inspiration and to Yodi. The CBRS was created by Congress with the 1982 Coastal Barrier Resources Act. This initiative preserves the ecological integrity of coastal areas while still protecting private property rights. This initiative preserves the ecological integrity of coastal areas that serve as important barriers against wind and tidal forces caused by coastal storms, and reduces further development in these sensitive areas. In other words, it creates a perpetual protected area for our wonderful Gulf wildlife. These new maps have passed public review, OMB review, and have been released by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. This is the southern part of my district. The new maps correct errors from 40 years ago, which seriously hurt some 1,600 of our constituents and hurt their access to flood insurance, home mortgages, and refinancing. These new maps also add 17,000 acres in perpetuity to CBRS, 17,000 acres principally in this zone right here, between Naples and Marco Island and also a little bit south. Keewaydin Island—that you see right here, just south of Naples—and Cape Romano are part of the pristine, picturesque Ten Thousand Islands chain that begins 20 miles of Naples. These newly preserved areas highlighted on these charts cover five geographical units, part of now over 40,000 continuous acres that will be permanently protected. This is government doing something right for all stakeholders and for all the generations that will follow us. H.R. 890, protecting 15 miles of natural coastal barriers, is sound economics. It is a piece of what needs to be done toward growing southwest Florida’s multibillion dollar private and commercial real estate values and south Florida’s tourism industry, which brings in over 5 million visitors to my district. It also employs one out of every five people in the local workforce. I am proud to report that this bill will create the largest grouping of CBRS units nationwide, protecting our unique Florida Everglades and ecosystem, aquatic plants and animals, other wildlife, and also protecting private properties from storms and floods. Keewaydin Island right here, just south of Naples, is one of the largest, if not the largest, sea turtle nesting areas in Florida and in the United States. Depending on the time of year, these are the nests that we see throughout our district on the beach. Also in this area, we see lots of the beautiful spoonbill that you can’t find in too many different places. The Florida Everglades are a natural treasure. It is home to wildlife and plants that are unique in our Nation: fish, tortoises, reptiles, and insects. It is our duty to protect these species. This bill will have a permanent, positive impact on preserving this fragile ecological area and quality of life. Three years ago, I waded into the Gulf of Mexico with my folks. They urged me to get involved in local politics, hoping that I could have just a small impact and make a small, positive difference in the health of the waters of southwest Florida. My mom is gone now, but she always hoped that a moment like this would come. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this is a moment that we can accomplish something positive for our constituents, positive for our economy, and positive for our waters of south Florida. I am very appreciative to have a small role, and I acknowledge that we have so much more to do to conserve the beauty of southwest Florida for generations to come. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 890, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Florida.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPEDITED REPORTING OF CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT TO STATE CHILD PROTECTIVE SERVICES Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3894) to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the prompt notification of State Child Protective Services by military and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense required by law to report suspected instances of child abuse and neglect. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3894 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXPEDITED REPORTING OF CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT TO STATE CHILD PROTECTIVE SERVICES. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 3894, Talia’s law, which would require military and Department of Defense civilian personnel working on a military installation to report instances of child abuse and neglect to State Child Protective Services in addition to their designated Department of Defense point of contact. b1730 Our Nation is extremely proud of our military servicemembers and the sacrifices they endure to protect our national security. Members of our military’s Active Duty Reserve component and the National Guard knit the blanket of freedom to keep us safe from those who wish to do us harm. Standing beside our Nation’s brave servicemembers are the spouses and children who bear constant challenges and maintain resiliency throughout the continuous moves and the strain deployments incur on families. There are approximately 2 million children with one or both parents who serve in the U.S. military, and the support role these children fulfill is beyond significant and should be commended. Our Nation’s military dependents face greater academic challenges and emotional stress due to relocation and attending multiple schools. It is difficult enough growing up and enduring adolescence without having to move every couple of years, face new surroundings, make new friends, and all the while having a mother or father serving our Nation in harm’s way. Military children must rely on their loved ones, family, friends, and their parents to get through the struggles that only a military household can understand. However, it is when those individuals, those adults who these children trust the most, hurt them in any way. It is inexcusable. Our children are truly our Nation’s future, and anyone who abuses or neglects a child is appalling and must be held accountable. That is why I stand here today in support of H.R. 3894, an imperative piece of legislation which would require a childcare provider located on a DOD installation to report any signs of child abuse or neglect directly to Child Protective Services and the provider’s chain of command. Not only does this bill enforce the reporting procedure, but it also requires those individuals who work with children on an installation receive the necessary training to recognize child abuse as well as fully understand the reporting requirements. I applaud my Committee on Armed Services colleague and friend, Ms. GABBARD , for her leadership on this issue and encourage the rest of my House colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In 2005, 5yearold Talia Williams was beaten to death by her own father, who was stationed at Schofield Barracks in Hawaii at the time. Talia suffered through months and months of abuse from her father and her stepmother, which ultimately led to her death. Why didn’t someone do something? Why was this allowed to occur? Why didn’t someone take action to stop this horrific abuse that was visible to so many who knew Talia? There were multiple reports that were made to military officials, but when it came right down to it, nothing was done to take Talia out of harm’s way. I am rising today to ask my colleagues to support my bill, H.R. 3894, Talia’s Law, because more than 10 years after Talia’s tragic death, the same gaps in the military’s reporting requirements that failed to protect Talia remain unchanged. In fact, over the last decade, there have been 29,000 cases of child abuse and neglect in military homes. Now, outside of the military, in the civilian world, doctors, psychologists, social workers, teachers, or other professionals who work closely with children are required to report any suspected cases of child abuse and neglect directly to that State’s Child Protective Services. But the military’s reporting requirements do not require that direct reporting to State authorities. So reports of Talia’s suspected abuse never reached the Hawaii Child Protective Services. Instead, they stayed within the Army’s chain of command. Now, I know there were a lot of people around Talia who had good intentions and who were gravely concerned about the abuse that they were seeing, but the fact remains that Talia was never removed from this abusive environment. To close this gap and fix this problem, Talia’s Law requires the same protections that exist for any other child, whether they are in a military household or not. This bill requires immediate and direct reporting to State Child Protective Services in cases of suspected abuse and neglect. I recently spoke to Talia’s mother, Tarshia, who knows that this bill will not bring Talia back, it cannot right the wrongs that failed to protect Talia. But what she does know and what she does hope is that the passage of this bill will take an important step forward in helping to better protect the thousands of other children in military families who may be facing this same situation and get them the care and services that they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to honor Talia and all of our children in military families and support H.R. 3894. I would also like to thank my colleague, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) for her very thoughtful remarks on this and for championing Talia’s Law to be able to help these children who are facing numerous challenges and who deserve better than to have this kind of abuse. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI), my friend and colleague, the distinguished gentleman representing Hawaii’s First Congressional District. Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in favor of a bill my friend and colleague TULSI GABBARD and I have introduced. H.R. 3894, Talia’s Law, gets its name from a 5yearold girl named Talia Williams who was beaten to death at the hands of her father, an Army soldier stationed at Schofield Barracks in Hawaii. We in Hawaii and all across the country are so thankful for the sacrifices our servicemen and servicewomen make to protect our freedoms, but we also have a duty to protect the most vulnerable among us, our children. In Hawaii, we call them our keiki. As a father myself, I am proud to stand up for Talia’s Law, which would require prompt reporting of possible abuses not only to a military supervisor, but also prompt reporting of possible abuse and neglect to the State’s Child Protective Services. It would strengthen reporting requirements for these allegations and make sure that they are properly investigated. I hope that, as we deliberate this bill, we also draw attention to the fact that Congress can come together and should come together to provide better access to resources for those in uniform suffering from wounds that may not be visible to the eyes. I ask for the consideration of this bill and its urgent passage. These children, our keiki, and all the victims of abuse and neglect cannot wait. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3984, legislation requiring military and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense required by law to report suspected instances of child abuse and neglect to do so promptly and directly to State child protective service agencies. I support this legislation sponsored by Congresswoman TULSI GABBARD of Hawaii, a good friend and veterans of the Armed Services, because no child should have to bear the pain and suffering of abuse or neglect alone. Mr. Speaker, the reason this important legislation is needed is illustrated by the tragic and heart breaking case of Talia Williams, an innocent and loving 5year old girl who was beaten to death by her father, an activeduty infantryman stationed in Hawaii. After investigation and through subsequent legal proceedings, it came to light that before being murdered, precious Talia had suffered through months of torture and abuse by both her father and stepmother. Even worse, Mr. Speaker, it was revealed that multiple federal employees, including military police and workers at her onbase child 
care facility, failed to report suspected signs of Talia’s abuse. But the shocking case of Talia Williams is not isolated; it is estimated that more than 29,000 children have been abused in military homes over the past decade. The system failed Talia Williams but it is not too late to save other children at risk by passing H.R. 3894. Under current law, Family Advocacy Programs operated by the Armed Forces are to identify individuals who are mandated to report known or suspected cases of child abuse to designated ‘‘points of contact,’’ who then are to conduct an assessment investigation into the reported abuse and to communicate with State child protective services agencies. H.R. 3894 amends current law and requires DoD professionals who come into contact with children such as physicians, psychologists, social workers, and teachers to report suspected instances of abuse or neglect directly to the State child protective services agencies in addition to Defense Department points of contact or chain of command. H.R. 3894 also requires these ‘‘mandated reporters’’ to receive training in accordance with state guidelines in order to improve their ability to recognize evidence of child abuse and neglect and understand mandatory reporting requirements imposed by law. Mr. Speaker, it is too late to save Talia Williams but out of the horrific tragedy that claimed her life, it is possible to identify and save other children from a similar fate. H.R. 3894 will help ensure that instances of child abuse and neglect are recognized and reported immediately by empowering appropriate military and civilian personnel in the Department of Defense with the skills and training need to recognize evidence of child abuse and neglect and to place on them an affirmative duty to report instances of suspected abuse or neglect promptly and directly to child protective agencies. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 3894. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3894. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
9/11 MEMORIAL ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on the motion to suspend the rules previously postponed. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3036), as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 387, nays 12, not voting 34, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Duncan (SC) Foxx Gosar Massie Palmer Sanford Sensenbrenner 
Beyer Byrne Capuano Castro (TX) Clay Costa Cramer Crowley Fincher Flores Frelinghuysen Gallego Gohmert Gowdy Graves (GA) Green, Gene Hanna Herrera Beutler Himes Hudson Huizenga (MI) Maloney, Sean Marino Mullin Richmond Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sires Smith (WA) Stutzman Vela Westmoreland Yarmuth Yoho 
b1850 Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. HINOJOSA changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 64, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was absent today to attend the funeral of a family member. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 64, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 64 on H.R. 3036—9/11 Memorial Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
COMBATTING THE SPREAD OF INVASIVE SPECIES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last week, I visited Penn State University, which is located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, for a discussion on the effect that invasive species are having on forests across our Commonwealth. I was joined by several experts in the field of entomology—from the university and from Pennsylvania’s Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. Among the insects discussed were the spotted lanternfly, the gypsy moth, and the emerald ash borer. These experts discussed at length the challenges each species presents as well as the ongoing efforts to combat the devastating impact and spread. As chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, I know that my State is not alone and that the effects of these pests are being felt all across the Nation. I applaud the research being done at Penn State University and by foresters and entomologists around the Nation. Research and applying that science will go a long way in preventing these species from spreading further and causing more destruction on our forests. I remain hopeful that we can all work together to ensure that our forests remain healthy, both ecologically and economically. 
AMERICAN HEROES COLA ACT (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, this afternoon, the House passed H.R. 677, the American Heroes COLA Act, legislation I introduced with Dr. ABRAHAM  from Louisiana. This legislation will ensure that veterans receive automatic costofliving increases annually based on the consumer price index. Unlike with Social Security, Congress must act each year to provide veterans with the COLA increases they need and deserve. Now, by permanently adjusting benefits to include costof living increases, we are providing critical peace of mind to those who have so heroically served our country. Furthermore, this legislation includes two provisions to address the VA appeals problem, which currently has 440,000 claims backlogged. The first, authored by Congressman O’ROURKE , creates a fully developed appeals pilot program. The second I introduced with Chairman MILLER to create a task force to examine the appeals process and make recommendations for improvements before the situation gets worse. H.R. 677 and some of the other bills that we passed today take important steps towards ensuring that our veterans are able to get the benefits they have earned and deserve. 
MARIA KELLER AND ZAKRIA GHANI RECEIVE YOUTH VOLUNTEER AWARDS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Maria Keller of Plymouth and Zakria Ghani of Maple Grove for being recognized as Minnesota’s top youth volunteers by the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Maria, a sophomore at Orono High School, was awarded the top prize after setting up a program called ‘‘Read Indeed,’’ which has collected more than 1.7 million books and has provided them to underprivileged children. It is estimated that 800,000 students have received books from the organization. Zakria, a senior at AlAmal School, was a finalist for raising critical money for the victims of a devastating fire in Minneapolis. His efforts resulted in raising $8,500 within one week after the fire in order to help the affected victims and residents. Mr. Speaker, the work and service by these young people to serve and assist others should be inspiring to us all, and thanks to their actions, countless people have been helped. Their selflessness will serve them and their communities well in the future, and these accolades are well deserved. Congratulations to Maria and Zakria. 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor St. Elmo Brady. He was the first African American to obtain a Ph.D. degree in chemistry in the United States. He received a Ph.D. in chemistry at the University of Illinois in 1916 for work done at the Noyes Laboratory. Dr. Brady was a pioneer in the teaching of science at both Tuskegee University and at Howard University in Washington, D.C. His research included work on determining the structure of organic acids, methods of determining properties of alkaloids and infrared spectroscopy. This later research resulted in the formation of the Fisk Infrared Spectroscopy Research Laboratory and the Fisk Infrared Institute. In conjunction with faculty from the University of Illinois, Dr. Brady also established a summer program in infrared spectroscopy, which was open to faculty from all colleges and universities. Dr. Brady is just one of the many African American pioneering scientists whose work should be lifted up as the role model that it is, not just during Black History Month, but all year round. f 
b1900 IMPORTANCE OF THE MOX FACILITY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today in the President’s budget proposal, sadly, the President terminated funding to the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility (MOX) at the Savannah River site. I am disappointed the President has not acknowledged how crucial MOX is to environmental cleanup and promoting nonproliferation. Support for MOX is bipartisan, as shown by former New Mexico Governor and Secretary of Energy Bill Richardson, along with former Senator Richard Lugar. Both are experts who advocate the completion of the facility. Today, MOX is 70 percent completed, and there is no viable alternative for eliminating plutonium. What is more, closing MOX would make South Carolina and Georgia a permanent repository for nuclear waste. MOX is also critical to upholding our nonproliferation agreement with the Russian Federation. I am grateful for the leadership of Governor Nikki Haley along with Attorney General Alan Wilson, who have already filed a lawsuit against the Department of Energy to enforce the law for South Carolina’s agreement with the Federal Government. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Thank you, Navy SEAL Rob O’Neill, for eliminating Osama bin Laden. 
REHABILITATION RESEARCH IMPROVEMENT BILL (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, earlier today, the Senate HELP Committee passed by voice vote S. 800, the Enhancing the Stature and Visibility of Medical Rehabilitation Research at NIH Act. As the lead sponsor of this legislation in the House of Representatives, with my good friend and colleague Congressman GREGG HARPER , I am very encouraged to see progress on efforts to advance the state of rehabilitation science at the National Institutes of Health and improve the care provided 
to people with disabling injuries, illnesses, and conditions. Millions of people across the country require medical rehabilitation to restore, maintain, or prevent deterioration of function. And this legislation will play an important role in the provision of that care. I commend Senator KIRKfor championing this important bill, and I look forward to its swift passage in the Senate and urge its subsequent consideration in the House. 
NORTH KOREA IS A ROGUE STATE LUSTING FOR INTERNATIONAL MISCHIEF (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos celebrated their Super Bowl win, around 8:27 California time, a North Korean satellite passed in space over the stadium. What is next? Before long, it could be an intercontinental ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead headed for some American city. Mr. Speaker, this is not some wacky idea out of a Hollywood movie. On January 6, the North Koreans tested a more advanced nuclear bomb that could kill even more people than the nuclear bomb they already have. Last Saturday, North Korea conducted a rocket launch to try to develop a ballistic missile that could hit the United States. The North Koreans also support Hezbollah, work with Iran on missile development, hacked Sony Entertainment, kidnapped an American college student and put him in jail, and there is much more. Mr. Speaker, North Korea is a rogue state lusting for international mischief. It is time to put them back on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list before Super Bowl LI takes place in my hometown of Houston, Texas. And that is just the way it is. 
BOKO HARAM (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is Wear Something Red Wednesday to bring back our girls. Boko Haram is burning children alive. This heartbreaking and, yes, unsettling picture is of Sani, a victim of Boko Haram’s terror. Sani’s home was destroyed when Boko Haram set his village on fire, killing his parents. The rest of Sani’s family survived only to be viciously gunned down in front of him. Sani represents the millions of children and women who are being raped, kidnapped, mutilated, and killed by the world’s deadliest terrorist organization, Boko Haram. If you are not outraged, then you are not paying attention. Africans killing Africans: the world has ignored this unparalleled level of violence. I pray that our country and this Congress awaken to these unquestionably horrific acts and take up efforts to defeat Boko Haram. Please continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. Please wear red tomorrow and every Wednesday. Tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls, #joinRepWilson. f 
CONGRATULATING OKEECHOBEE HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Okeechobee High School, home of the Fighting Brahmans of Okeechobee, Florida, for receiving a Wilson Golden Football from the National Football League to commemorate the 50th year of the Super Bowl. As part of the nationwide Super Bowl 50 celebration, the NFL started the Super Bowl High School honor roll program to acknowledge high schools and communities that have directly influenced Super Bowl history and impacted the game of football for the better. High schools across the country were chosen to honor each player or head coach who graduated from the school and was on an active Super Bowl roster. Okeechobee High School was chosen because of its esteemed alumni, Jimmie Jones, who played in both Super Bowls XXVII and XXVIII with the Dallas Cowboys. Interestingly, after the victory of Super Bowl XXVII, Jimmie chose to be in Okeechobee for a parade rather than a parade through Dallas with his team. We are all proud to call him one of our own. It is my honor to represent Okeechobee in the House of Representatives. 
WATER CRISIS IN FLINT, MICHIGAN (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend I had the opportunity to travel with Congressman DANKILDEE , Congresswoman BRENDA LAWRENCE , Congressman SANDER LEVIN, and Congresswoman DEBBIE DINGELL —we were joined by other Members of Congress, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, for example—to see firsthand the water crisis in Flint, Michigan. I just want to report to Members of the House and the people of this country that what I saw was appalling. At this point, so many weeks after the lead crisis was identified, to have no central medical team examining those children is a sacrilege. To have no water buffalo supplied by the National Guard with pressurized PVC tubing taking water to people’s homes, rather than just this bottle delivery; to have no hot showers that are portable, which the military has, that they could put in the schools in that community, to me, was absolutely appalling. I was told that the Governor of that State had not even met with the people of the community. He had come in for a press conference. Is that what this is about? I met children who had hemorrhages and ulcers from drinking that water, who had black rashes all over their bodies with pus. Our country has a responsibility to the citizens of this country. There ought to be a central coordinator. If that Governor can’t appoint one, the President of the United States should. Those children and the citizens of that city ought to be taken care of. f 
CURTIS FOLTZ’ RETIREMENT AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF GEORGIA PORTS AUTHORITY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Curtis Foltz and his retirement as executive director from the Georgia Ports Authority. Over the past 5 years, Mr. Foltz has done an exceptional job overseeing all Georgia Ports Authority activity, including the expansion and maintenance of the deepwater ports of Savannah and Brunswick. Since his promotion to executive director in 2010, Mr. Foltz led Georgia Ports Authority to achieve record cargo growth, modernize its terminals, increase efficiency, improve safety, and promote environmental stewardship. I am honored and grateful for Mr. Foltz’ leadership as Georgia Ports Authority’s executive director and wish him all the best in his future endeavors. I would also like to wish the incoming executive director, Griff Lynch, and the Georgia Ports Authority continued growth and success for years to come. 
SOCIAL SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HURD of Texas). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I want to share a story with everyone tonight. Although I live in Nebraska, I keep an old family van here in Washington, D.C., which is particularly helpful when our children are visiting. On one particular occasion, the van was very messy. My children were smaller then, and I had not had the time to clean it. I was actually parking the van in a downtown garage here in 
the city, and somewhat embarrassingly, I handed the keys to the attendant and said to him: Sorry, I have five children. He looked at me and smiled. He says: Oh, don’t worry. I have seven children, and they are going to take care of me when I am old. I looked back at him, and I also smiled. I said: You know what that is called? That is called social security. He then said: I like that. Could I say that? I said: You can say it all that you like. Mr. Speaker, while we think of Social Security as that important retirement security program, which is so essential to so many people, I want to take a moment to just explore a broader understanding of how we find our security together as a people, as a Nation. I want to reimagine this term ‘‘Social Security’’ in a wider sense of the phrase, what it means to find belonging, protection, and mutual support. Ultimately, society depends upon a binding set of narratives and an agreement with one another about one fundamental fact: the agreement that we should care about each other, that we are committed to one another, and that we have a common vision. Now, Mr. Speaker, Americans are continuing to confront a number of longstanding challenges to our country’s wellbeing. Let’s be honest. There is widespread distrust of government, and the economy’s capacity is sadly deepening a sense of division and further fracturing our society as more and more people seem to feel left out. Fortunately, Mr. Speaker, our Nation still does have great character and great strength, found first and foremost in durable values that keep us resilient with the ability to adapt and change, even in the most turbulent of times. So although there is justifiable anxiety and anger at the present moment—in fact, they are a hallmark of the present moment—Americans do desire a new settlement of both security and opportunity. Mr. Speaker, here is the dilemma: a constant focus on a Washingtonbased solution offers a false sense of solidarity and is no substitute for community. Technocratic management through centralized government cannot rekindle the vibrancy of our society. And far from healing our wounded culture, the government simply cannot fix everything that is wrong. Doing so, attempting to do so will simply recalculate winners and losers. This is especially true when America’s political system suffers from so much discord and dysfunction. So here is the answer: a hopeful politics and a truly good society are ultimately relational. For instance, although we are not immune from harsher downward trends where I live, we have, in my State of Nebraska, to some degree, I believe, safeguarded the importance of community, the necessity and integrity of the family, and the quality of care for ourselves as well as those around us. b1915 I am proud of this fact, Mr. Speaker. I often refer to it as the Nebraska model. Such social vibrancy reduces the necessity for government intervention and actually creates happier outcomes. Mr. Speaker, the Social Security program itself is so critical to protecting the wellbeing of America’s seniors. I believe strongly in this program, as so many others do. In fact, when I was a child, I received Social Security myself due to the premature death of my father when I was 12 years old. It helped get the family through. This is an important program for America’s security and for peace of mind of so many of our elder citizens. But I think a broader view of this concept, this ideal, of Social Security demands that we regrasp the ideals of community and interdependency with one another. Proper progress in our Nation recognizes that our individual liberty is not merely a license to do whatever we want. A hyper sense of individualism can obscure the foundational truth of our shared humanity, which longs for community. It inhibits the common endeavors necessary for advancing a brighter future together as a nation, as one people. Liberty and, therefore, human happiness are inextricably intertwined with our society, with our responsibility to one another, and that is what gives fullness to the meaning of Social Security. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CONTAMINATED WATER IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about the cities of America—at least many of the cities of America. While I was waiting for the opportunity to speak to the House and people of America, I went into the cloakroom and pulled out today’s Roll Call, one of what we call the Hill rags. These are one of the newspapers around the Hill. It says ‘‘Lead in the Water, Way Beyond Flint,’’ and it talks about the issue of contamination in our water supplies. Indeed, they are quite correct. This would be one of maybe 20 different slides I could put up here. What do these cities of America have in common: Flint, Michigan; Toledo, Ohio; Sebring, Ohio; Baltimore, Maryland; Brick Township, New Jersey; Washington, D.C.; Wayne County, North Carolina; Greenville, North Carolina; Lakehurst Acres, Maine; Chicago, Illinois; Porterville, California? The list goes on and on and on. These are cities that have or have had contaminated water in the last couple of years. Some of these are ongoing. We hear a lot of discussion about Flint, Michigan, and the tragedy of the water supply in Flint, Michigan, the lead contamination, the 8,000 or 9,000 children who have been inflicted with lead poisoning, and the incredible, awful effect that that will have on the development of their brain and of their future. This issue is one that we are becoming aware of. Actually, we have been aware of it for a long, long time. The problem is that we haven’t done anything about it or we have done very, very little about it. Tonight we are going to talk about contaminated water in America, America’s cities and towns that are providing water that is not fit to drink. So what to do? Well, we are going to have to deal with the realities of 8,000 to 9,000 children, their development, the potential problems that they face in their lives ahead. That will be basically dealing with the fact that we had contaminated water in Flint, Michigan, and in a host of other cities. We can’t live without water. The human body requires it. If you don’t get it, you are going to die very, very quickly. The fact of the matter is I am not at all sure you can live with contaminated water. That is the actual water that was available to residents of Flint, Michigan: yucky, yellow, contaminated, polluted water. Not just lead, but yuck. Why would you want to drink that? Well, it is all you have. So you don’t want to, but you really don’t have any choice. Contaminated water, what to do? Tonight we are going to discuss this issue. I guess one thing you can do is what California did. In Porterville, California, when the wells went dry, they brought a cattle water trough similar to what I have on my ranch to provide water for my cattle. This water trough provided water for the children of Porterville, California. Now, there is a solution to the water crisis in California. Porterville isn’t the only city or town in the San Joaquin Valley. In fact, there are dozens of towns in the San Joaquin Valley of California, the largest State, the richest State. We like to think of California, my home State, as being ahead of everything. I guess we are ahead in providing cattle water troughs to provide water for children in California. We ought to be ashamed. What are we going to do about it? There are 435 people here in the House of Representatives, and I guess there is another 100 Senators across the way, a President, and all the administration. What are we going to do about it? I guess we can look at our report card. 
This is from the American Society of Civil Engineers. Let’s see. The 2013 report card for America’s infrastructure: Aviation, D; bridges, C plus; dams, D; down here, schools, D; roads, railroads, Cs; water—oh, here we are—water, a D. We asked them about this. We said: Why a D? They said: We would give them an F, but it is too much trouble to try to figure out how to do an F. So we just go to the lowest, which is D. You don’t get any lower than a D from the American Society of Civil Engineers. That is our report card in America, folks. It is not just water. It is the entire infrastructure system. You are wondering why. Why does that happen? Take a look at this little chart. A sharp drop in government infrastructure spending. Let’s see. That is 2002. In 2002, $330 billion spent on all infrastructure: roads, bridges, airports, water systems, sanitation systems. $325 billion in 2002. And in real 2014 dollars, nondefense spending on infrastructure, here we are in 2012, 2013. We are down to about $200 billion, about $125 billion less spent on infrastructure of all kinds. Oh. Back to water. What about water? Where did we go with water? Spending on clean water and drinking water infrastructure in 2014 deflated dollars, go back to 1973. In 1973, the Vietnam war was still going on. Let’s see. That would be somewhere around $10 billion in 2014 dollars in 1973. In 2016, we are down to $2 billion. Don’t be surprised when you see a list such as I put up a moment ago of cities in the United States that have water problems. Aging infrastructure, lead pipes. Here is a picture of a lead pipe. Corroded. You wonder why kids get lead poisoning. If you don’t spend money on infrastructure, you are going to wind up with sick kids, you are going to wind up with bridges that collapse, you are going to wind up with a secondrate economy and a thirdworld water situation. By the way, that is the bridge on Interstate 5, the road from Canada to Mexico down the Pacific coast. The bridge collapsed. What happens when you don’t spend money on infrastructure? Your economy fails, your kids get sick, and they are forced to drink water out of a water trough. This is not the America we want to live in. This is not the America the public sent us here to provide for them. We like to think of ourselves as the strongest, biggest, best country in the world, and we are in many respects, but when it comes to providing for the fundamentals of life—water—we get a D rating. We get kids getting their water supply out of a water trough. We get kids in Flint, Michigan, who are poisoned with lead. That is not the only city. It is across the United States, city after city. In the Central Valley of California, it is arsenic, it is lead, it is other contaminants. Huhuh. We have got work to do here in the House of Representatives. It is our responsibility. It is our task. We can’t toss it off to somebody else. So, yeah, Roll Call, you are correct: ‘‘Lead in the Water, Way Beyond Flint.’’ Arsenic in the water. Fecal contamination in the water. You name it. City after city, ancient systems, more than 100 years old, lead pipes which were put in the ground a century ago, leaching lead into the food supply. That is America. What would it cost? About $348 billion just for the water systems. How can we pay for it? Well, there is a way. Oh, America, are you aware that we are into a new nuclear arms race? We are. In the next 25 years, a trillion dollars of your tax money is going to be spent on a total rearmament of our nuclear weapons systems: intercontinental ballistic missiles, cruise missiles, submarines, stealth aircraft. A trillion dollars. City after city in America limps along, poisoning its children with 100 yearold water systems. We have got some choices to make here. What are we going to spend your tax money on? New nuclear bombs or new water pipes? Choices. Joining me tonight to discuss these sets of issues are some of my dear friends. PAUL TONKO and I have been working on this infrastructure issue for 5 years now, what we call the East CoastWest Coast. I am going to ask Paul if he would wait just a few moments. SHEILA JACKSON LEE, you were in Flint, Michigan, last week—I guess yesterday, actually, for a discussion in Flint, Michigan. Share with us briefly, if you would, your reflections on what you saw there. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Thank you very much. And I thank the gentleman from New York for his kindness in my brief support of all of you on the floor. Let me first of all acknowledge, as I indicated, your potent and powerful question to America of $348 billion to solve our problem and are our children that valuable or are our children worth it. My answer is yes. Let me add my appreciation, though I know that he would not want to be in this predicament, to Congressman KILDEEand the entire Michigan delegation who were there on Saturday. They stood arm in arm listening to Flint residents just to see how painful it is to hear a mother talk about a child with spots all over his body and to have her point to other children and say, ‘‘They are getting sick, and I have lost my hair’’ or a teacher say, ‘‘I have children coming to school with pus sores.’’ b1930 So, let me say a few points. I sit on the Judiciary Committee. And also have the privilege of sitting on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee as a guest. I just want to say that we need to hold someone accountable, which will then generate into what the solution is. April 2014, a nonscientist—I just came out of the Rules Committee on science legislation—made a decision to go to Flint River. He had no anticorrosion plan. Really, there lies the source of problems throughout a number of these cities that you have indicated. You had one with nontoxins. They were just breaking the law and suffering because of lack of money. Saving $5 million has resulted in spending multiple millions of dollars—maybe $1 billionplus—to try and salvage this great city. With Governor Snyder, of course, there is no accountability. Just to show you an example, it is very difficult to read these emails that were released. The Governor indicates that this was not relevant to the issue. The main point is that while we are talking about the infrastructure—and I do support Mr. KILDEE ’s effort as well as our colleagues in the Senate to help this city of 765 million, we must also hold ourselves accountable—this body of Republicans and Democrats who know that we must invest in infrastructure. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I sent a letter early in January asking for an investigation by the Department of Justice. The FBI is now investigating. We want to make sure there is a review of whether there is malfeasance. So, I come to the floor today to say there are many questions and there must be many answers. I want to make sure there is an accountable standard. I want to say to the American people that we can’t have a city like Flint, where decisions are made—General Motors, by the way, stopped using the water—that we have no anticorrosion plan. This is happening across America, partly, because cities are broke and because we have not invested in the overall infrastructure of America, as you, Mr. GARAMENDI have said on the floor over and over again. So, I wanted to come to the floor to thank my colleagues. Knowing how painful it is to represent that area, I thank Congressman KILDEE for his leadership. Congresswoman LAWRENCE , who is a neighbor, is working with him. Congressman CONYERS , Congresswoman DINGELL , SANDY LEVIN, and some Senators have all been working so hard on this issue. Count me in as a collaborator as we stand before the American people and say: Send me. We are prepared to fight for more infrastructure to help cities across America. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gentlewoman from Texas. I know that your concerns are very real. You traveled to Flint, and you have been working on these issues for many, many years. Thank you for your participation. 
Tomorrow, the Democrats are holding their own committee hearing on this issue. I am certain that we will go through the issues that you talked about: what actually happened and who is actually responsible. So, that will be a discussion for tomorrow. Perhaps we will cover it on the floor tonight. Let me now turn to my colleague from New York, Mr. PAUL TONKO , for the continuation of the EastWest show. Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representative GARAMENDI , for leading us in what is a very important bit of discussion. In a broad term, infrastructure is something that needs our immediate attention because of years of neglect, but it comes to that water infrastructure that has been highlighted of late. I like to call it the hidden infrastructure. It can’t be out of sight, out of mind. That would be a very painful outcome if that is the approach that is taken by certainly us as legislators or by society at large. You are right: for a number of years, we have been discussing infrastructure. I have made it my goal to invest in water infrastructure for a number of reasons, but also because of my assignment on the Energy and Commerce Committee as ranking—the lead Democrat—on the Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, which reports to the Energy and Commerce Committee. It is through that subcommittee that the assignment of the Safe Drinking Water Act is housed. So it is important for us to maintain a vigilance, if you will, for the outcomes that are deemed acceptable—and that is that we do not receive a D on our report card for water infrastructure. When you shared that information, Representative GARAMENDI , I thought to myself that if any of us brought home a D on a report card, there would be a little bit of a challenge offered our way to improve that report card with the next semester. So, I believe that we have failed in this effort to maintain a strong Federal partnership. There has been a lot of finger pointing going on since the Flint, Michigan, issue arose in the public’s awareness as a national issue. That finger pointing won’t solve anything. But if we are going to finger point, we need to also internalize that. We need to look at Congress and what it has done. When you talked about the levels of funding, in the early seventies, I came onto my county board in 1976, in Montgomery County in upstate New York. I can vividly recall that we had a very lucrative revenue flow from the Federal Government for our water systems. Today, what we look at is something like a 4 percent investment coming from the Federal Government on the total bill. That is grossly inadequate. The fact that we can turn our backs on this infrastructure and allow situations like Flint, Michigan; Sebring, Ohio; Troy, New York; or Los Angeles, California, to grip us, to shock our senses and not respond, leaves us in a very pitiful state, I believe. We need to do better than that. We need to form a plan of action. That plan of action must include a stronger investment in the water infrastructure of this country. Now, some of that also requires, I think, an enhancement of the investment made in the drinking water SRF, or the State Revolving Fund. That fund has not been reauthorized since 2003. So we need to go forward and reauthorize and enhance the SRF so that our States, as partners with the Federal Government, can then go forward and have some relief in responding to the strapped cities that are really impacted by a declining tax base, in many cases, and the very small bit of population in some of our rural communities that are trying to maintain systems that want to speak to public health and public safety and to offer a commodity that is not only important, but essential. It is essential for the quality of life in our homes, it is essential for small businesses, it is essential for our manufacturing base, it is essential for our farming community. All of this requires water. Many suggest that we are transitioning from an oilbased economy to a waterbased economy. So, if we are anticipating greater use and reliance on water as a commodity, let’s put our act into working order. That means that you invest not like we did last year, where the outcome was at some $843 million, which was some $43 million worth of a cut. That is completely going in the wrong direction. That is not listening to the needs of local government or to the basic, core essential need of sound drinking water, clean drinking water. It is blue infrastructure. That is what we need to invest in—making certain that we have an abundance and an essential supply of clean drinking water. It is absolutely mandatory in a modern economy. If we are going to compete effectively in an innovation economy, we need to provide the essentials, including water, to the business, residential, and ag community. When I look at some of the neglect, it is so interesting to see that we wait for crises like that of Flint. Does Flint require Federal investment? Absolutely. I stand ready and willing to assist Flint. I would rank what happened there as immoral. So, we need to move forward and assist Flint, but the saga shouldn’t begin and end there. We need to create a national response that empowers our communities across the country. We need to have interaction and dialogue at the table to best understand where we have fallen down, where we have failed. We need to have officials from Flint, Michigan, and from the State of Michigan here to testify. I don’t think it is appropriate for Governor Snyder of that State to walk away from that invitation. It is important for us to go forward with the sort of communication, the dialogue, that will build the soundest response. And if we do not respond out of necessity to Flint, Michigan; Troy, New York, Sebring, Ohio; and Los Angeles, and the list continues to grow, we will then just see these issues keep rising in our communities. When I last saw Troy, New York’s dilemma, they were repairing things in the worst weather—conditions that were near zero, where they needed to heat the site in order to weld the materials that were completing the project. A major line, Representative GARAMENDI , broke. It was their main line. A 33inch pipe was shooting water 100 feet into the air. Ten million gallons of water went into the street. Are we going to sit back and say that is acceptable in a Nation like this—a Nation of abundance—that considers itself a world leader? No worldleading nation can ignore its infrastructure like we have ignored the water infrastructure. Blue infrastructure is what we should be about: providing that clean drinking water. We have nearly a quarter of a million breaks annually in the systems from coasttocoast. A quarter of a million. There are 700some breaks per day. Think about it. That wouldn’t be acceptable to an ordinary business plan of any type. It should not be acceptable to the Federal Government plan in assisting communities with the sound commodity of drinking water. So, Representative GARAMENDI , I am just thrilled to join you this evening to continue to carry the message forward that we need action, we need a plan of action, we need commitment, and we need resources. It begins now. Every missed opportunity here will perhaps cause the opportunity for yet another tragedy in a community that just should not happen. Again, it is about investing soundly, effectively, and appropriately, in what it is an essential commodity: water for our communities. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. TONKO , thank you so very, very much. You brought to this issue enormous facts and passion. Your work as the ranking member on the subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee positions you in a very, very important place. Your passion and knowledge should help carry the day on this. Mr. TONKO , if you can stick around, we will come back to this one more time. I would like now to call on my colleague from California, Mr. TEDLIEU from Los Angeles. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Thank you, Representative GARAMENDI , for your work on clean water and for highlighting this issue in Flint, as well as in communities across America. I sit on the Oversight Committee. On February 3, we held a hearing on the Flint water crisis. Based on the information presented, it is clear to me that 
what happened in Flint was a crime of epic proportions. Tens of thousands of women, children, and men were poisoned when lead leached from lead pipes into the drinking water. Those who were most responsible know who they are. They should resign. Some of them should be prosecuted. We need to make sure that we do what is right for the residents of Flint, as well as other communities across America, and make sure this never happens again. It is clear that this is not an issue just in Flint, but the problem with toxic water is an issue across our Nation. b1945 Washington, D.C., had elevated levels of lead in 2000. Sebring, Ohio, now has elevated levels of lead. And there was a report by the Natural Resources Defense Council in 2011 that showed 19 cities had toxic issues with their drinking water. There are a variety of solutions. First of all, we need to fund the CDC lead abatement program that had been cut by the Republican legislature in 2002. We need to restore funding and fully fund that program. We need to also make a strong investment in improving our water infrastructure. I sit on the Budget Committee. I will be putting in amendments to make sure that we increase funding to water infrastructure across America. And we need to look at alternatives to lead pipes. An article in Salon noted that we have many cities across America now using PVC pipes, also known as plastic pipes, as an ecofriendly alternative. Canadian and American cities have had success with these pipes. They last longer than metal pipes, over 100 years. They do not corrode. They do not leach, and they do not contain lead. What is happening in Flint, they are looking at a shortterm solution, which is to recoat their lead pipes. I believe that is not acceptable. I believe the Governor needs to come in and replace all the lead pipes with a nonlead alternative. The mayor of Flint has called for full replacement. I support that. I know Representative GARAMENDI and others support that. I want to give great credit to the great work by Representative KILDEE  for his constituents in Flint. I also want to note that if we don’t do something now, who knows whether your children or your grandchildren will be poisoned by lead in your drinking water. It is very important that we make enormous infrastructure investments, and the time to do that is now. Thank you again, Representative GARAMENDI , for highlighting this issue. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. LIEU, you said you are on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. You had the hearing last week and began the process of developing an understanding of what happened and who was responsible. Critically important. You also said you are on the Budget Committee. So if I might just lobby you for a moment— Mr. TED LIEU of California. Absolutely. Mr. GARAMENDI. Let me just lobby you. You are going to be taking up the budget—I think tomorrow, actually. Mr. TED LIEU of California. We have various markups coming up. That is correct. Mr. GARAMENDI. Okay. So the budget is going to be coming up, and that is the allocation of the $4 trillion that the Federal Government will spend. We will be spending it on education. We will be spending it on roads, on the military and the like. Let me just toss you some numbers for your consideration. Now, these are adjusted 2015 dollars, so we are keeping equalvalue dollars. In 2007, the State Revolving Fund for Drinking Water, which Mr. TONKO  talked about, had $957 million for that program. That goes to the States to repair their water systems. And it stayed around $900 million the next year. And then we had the stimulus bill in 2009, and we spent $3 billion. Then we went back down, $1.5 billion, $1 billion, $947 million, and we stayed somewhere in the range of $900 million through 2016. So that is the current year. And that is $863 million that we are spending this year on the State Revolving Fund. Keep in mind that it is estimated that we need $328 billion to repair all the pipes. Now, the President’s budget has $1.2 billion for the coming year. He just introduced that today. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Right. Mr. GARAMENDI. Okay. Also, in the President’s budget, he has $1.36 billion for the new Long Range Strike Bomber; $113 million for a groundbased strategic deterrence; $1.4 billion for the Ohio class submarine—those are nuclear submarines; the new longrange cruise missile, $995 million; to rebuild the B61 bomb, $137 million; and the total amount that the National Nuclear Security Administration is spending this new year, 2017, $9.24 billion. Now, it would seem to me that this is just in the nuclear enterprise. These are our nuclear weapons. So my lobbying is this: When you put together the budget, could you somehow squeeze out of the nuclear arms race that we are engaged in about a billion dollars so that we can stop poisoning our children? Mr. TED LIEU of California. You made some very good points. And, as you know, America is the leading economy in the world. Our GDP is greater than the next two countries combined. We certainly have the resources to make sure we don’t poison our kids with lead in their water or other toxic material. Mr. GARAMENDI. Just double, if you would, just double the amount we are spending for the clean drinking water programs at the Federal level from about $1 billion to, let’s say, $2 billion, or maybe even $3 billion, by squeezing some of the expenditures that we find in other accounts. My particular target is the nuclear weapons account, which will in the next 25 years cost the American taxpayers $1 trillion. So when you go to the hearing, keep that in mind. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Thank you for raising that issue. I will absolutely look into it. I am glad you brought it up. So let me look into that issue. I do want to say something about what Representative TONKO mentioned, which is the hundreds of water main breaks we have daily. That just shows a crumbling infrastructure. In America, in the 21st century, that should not be happening. What we saw in Flint and we are seeing in other cities across America is a result of disinvestment in our government, in cities and municipalities. You get what you pay for, and right now, we are getting children that are being poisoned with lead. So we need to increase investment. I will look into the issues you raised, Representative GARAMENDI . Thank you for highlighting these issues. Mr. GARAMENDI. I appreciate the opportunity to lobby you. You are in a very important position, as are all of us; 435 of us are going to make choices about what is important and how we spend our constituents’ tax money. And these are choices we are going to make. We often don’t really look at it, but the budget that will be forthcoming, the President’s budget, and then the response of this House to that budget, will allocate that $4 trillion across a whole variety of programs. We really do have the opportunity here, as we put together the budget and then the appropriations following, to take up the challenge that Mr. TONKO  put before us in the State Revolving Fund. Mr. LIEU, thank you so very much for joining us. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Thank you. I look forward to working with you and Representative TONKO and others to make sure we invest in America. Mr. GARAMENDI. We appreciate you being here. Thank you so very much. Well, Mr. TONKO , lead pipes. Mr. TONKO. Lead pipes. The $863 million in the Drinking Water SRF of which I spoke is a lot of money. But when you put it into context of maybe 10 million lead service lines in the country, when you think of infrastructure that is beyond 100 years old—when I did tours—I have been doing tours in my district of the water systems, and I have found systems as old as 145 years. That is when Rutherford B. Hayes was in the White House. And I saw pipes that were 8inch in diameter reduced to 4inch flow because of calcification. I saw pipes removed because of corrosion by the acidity of soils that has taken its toll. 
You think of new technology, invention, innovation, gauges that can be utilized, liners that can be put in certain pipes for extending the useful life, things that we can be doing that provide for preventative maintenance and speak to public health and public safety. You know, it is a bit of wonderment, isn’t it, that we will trade our cell phones every other year, or perhaps every year, because they have got a new product on the shelf; or will trade in our screens, our TV screens, because they are simply not big enough; or the car has got too many miles or we just came to dislike the color, and so we trade in the automobile every three, 4 years. But we are content to live with water pipes for 145 years. It defies human logic. Why do we accept that? Why don’t we dig into this hidden infrastructure and invest in a way that will avoid thousands of families being impacted by contamination of lead? Children, innocent children impacted by societal neglect. Investment that ought to be highest priority, not put on the back burner. Well, the response, as we know, is: How are you going to pay for it? What is the cost? What is the cost of doing something? Let’s contrast that with the cost of not doing something. What are the bills going to be? For Flint, Michigan, alone, we don’t think people are going to stay silent with this tragedy in their lives. What is the impact to industry? When I saw these lines burst in the city of Troy, New York, this winter, businesses were shut down. Schools were shut. They were closed for days. Families didn’t have water in their homes. What is the cost? What is the price tag? So it needs to be a framework that is large enough to calculate the human impact, the financial impact, societal impact, the economic consequences. These are real. Again, we are a country, a people that can claim the pioneer spirit within our DNA. How do we dare say ‘‘no’’ to what ought to be a sound investment, to grow jobs, maintain jobs, to compete effectively on a global scale in an innovation economy? We can do better. We must do better. And when we look at the situations out there where we have convinced ourselves that we are not worthy of investment, that is not leadership. We are trying to stall and pass it on to the next generation. Well, this generation that will be that next generation of leaders is being impacted healthwise as we speak. Unacceptable. Immoral. We can do better. Representative GARAMENDI , I know there are voices that really want to produce here and do this progressive bit of investment that will strengthen our communities. Mr. GARAMENDI. As you were talking, I think back when I was growing up, and we used to call this, not infrastructure, we used to call this ‘‘public works.’’ Public works. This is for the public. It is infrastructure, but this is the public investment in the things that an individual, even a private company, cannot do. This is something that we do as a community in the public domain. It is work. We are talking, if we were to invest $2 billion this coming year in these community water systems, we would actually generate thousands of jobs, and we would increase the economic growth immediately. It has been estimated that for every dollar you put into public works, infrastructure, you immediately increase the economy by $1.3, $1.4. So this is a way of investing immediately, putting people to work in good, middle class jobs, and laying in the public works for future economic growth and, as you just said so eloquently, protecting our health, our children’s health. So this is absolutely essential. We are at a very propitious moment. The President proposed today the budget for the United States of America’s next fiscal year, beginning October 1, 2016. b2000 It is his proposal on how to spend about $4 trillion of taxpayer money and debt. We, as the representatives of the people of the United States, will take that and modify it. What if we just made one modification in that $4 trillion and said: We are going to spend an additional billion dollars or an additional $2 billion on public works water systems? What would it mean? The 140yearold pipes that you talked about, could they be replaced? Could the 250,000 water main breaks across the United States be reduced to maybe just 200,000? People going to work, engineers designing the system, financiers figuring out how to put together the local money, the State money, and the Federal money, generating jobs, growing our economy, and stopping the poisoning of our children. The President proposed his budget today. Tomorrow our colleagues take up the budget and begin to decide how to move that money to things that are a priority. Here we are. Mr. TONKO. Representative GARAMENDI , when we talk about the infrastructure hidden beneath the surface of the streets and scape of our communities, it is hard to imagine wooden pipes along with those decrepit 145yearold pipes in calcification galore. The enormity of the situation needs to be perhaps graphically shared. Under the city of Albany, the capital of New York, which is part of the 20th Congressional District that I represent, happens to lie 317 miles of pipe, drinking water infrastructure. You could travel from Albany, New York, to Baltimore, Maryland. That is the sort of linear responsibility associated with that system. Should we anticipate rightfully that there may be some bumps along the road of that 317 mile stretch in any given year? Mr. GARAMENDI. A pothole, maybe? Mr. TONKO. Absolutely. So let’s think of it in those sorts of terms so that we can have a better understanding and awareness of an aged infrastructure, which, by the way, is also accompanied by a discontinued inventory in many cases. Valves that are required are no longer manufactured. So we have to come up with some innovative response when there is a break. While we have talked a lot about capital improvements, capital infrastructure, and physical infrastructure that is required to pay for and build back these systems, there is also that third leg of the stool: human infrastructure. When I tour these water systems in my district, one of the learning curves is the declining effort of professionals—not their effort—the declining numbers of professionals who have the awesome responsibility of operating and maintaining these systems. So the education, the training, the retraining, the higher education, and the certification of individuals who makes these systems work and provide for that water when you turn on the tap, they are there. But there is an aging out because I think we have ignored this. So career paths have not been developed in the minds of students to go into this sort of science. And it is an important, awesome responsibility. Will that institutional knowledge be passed on or will we just go without? So the human infrastructure is an important piece of this puzzle, also, to have the qualified women and men conducting their professionalism to serve the community. So when you turn that tap on and anticipate—rightfully again—that clean drinking water is the result, think of all the decisionmaking, think of all the investment, think of the stewardship, and the operating knowhow that is required. It is awesome. It is also a system, as we have been shown, that, when there is failure, you can have a large number of people impacted and in severe measure. So I believe that this Nation cares about its drinking water capacity and state of purity and sound condition. They want that abundant supply of clean water, and we need stronger partnership from the Federal level being more committed, more lucrative funding streams to the States, and then the States incorporating with their local communities to come up with innovative concepts. My gosh, we are producing new materials that perhaps won’t corrode as easily or that can retrofit the given systems. We have gauges that can tell us where the next break may come. So you are dealing with the knowhow that provides for the most effective and 
efficient outcome from a taxpayer perspective. All of this technology with software to accompany it is available. But, again, the technical assistance, the grants, the loans—affordable loans— that we can advance to the communities are important steps in the process of providing for a 21stcentury infrastructure. We shouldn’t be content with a D on our report card. D means devastating. D means dangerous. D means in decline. Let’s move forward and advance for that A on the report card. I know you wanted those As on your report card, Mr. GARAMENDI . I wanted them on mine. Mr. GARAMENDI. The art of the possible. The art of the possible is what we have here. Mr. TONKO , I don’t know where you were when I brought this up. This is the drinking water in Flint, Michigan. That is a recent photo from a water tap in Flint, Michigan. Unacceptable. The bottom line is it is unacceptable. Not only is it dirty, it is poisonous. Mr. TONKO. And frightening. Mr. GARAMENDI. It is poisonous. So we are going to make some choices. My plea to my colleagues here—and it echoes what you said—you can talk about it in terms of jobs. Thousands and thousands of jobs would be created if we invested in our infrastructure, our public works, and the water systems. Is the money available to do it? If we make the right choice, it is. If we make the right choice to invest in ending the poisoning of our children, it is 
there. We can move $4 trillion around in one way or another and build modern infrastructure. We could do that. 
We are going to do it now. We are going to do it now. The issue of the budget begins today. In the United States Congress, 535 American citizens are brought to this Capitol to make decisions about the health and the safety of their children. We have been given that responsibility. God knows there is enough money around $4 trillion to find a way to spend the money to build the water systems to stop the poisoning of our children. It is just a matter of choices. What do we choose to do? Refurbish a nuclear bomb that, God willing, we would never ever even think about using? That is our choice. It is our choice. As your representatives, we can move money into providing the public works to meet the fundamental human need, in this case, drinkable, potable, safe water. It is fundamental. You cannot live but 3 days without water, and the last 2 days aren’t worth living anyway because you are comatose. Water. Choices. Public works. Investment in the future. Jobs today. Engineers, as you talked about. Financial. All of that. It is disheartening. I hear my colleagues like SHEILA JACKSON LEEcome in and talk about going to Flint, Michigan. I will never forget Mr. KILDEEon the floor last Thursday. I asked him to talk to me about that young child that you saw in your community that you represent. He said the kid turned to him and said: I am not going to be smart enough. We make choices. Mr. TONKO. Think of the reduction in the quality of life there. We commend Representative KILDEE , Representative LAWRENCE , and all of the members of the Michigan delegation for the work that they have done. Again, to the price tag, the cost, let’s look at the other side. Earlier I talked about 7 billion—7 billion—gallons of water lost with these main breaks, with these breaks of any kind. 7 billion gallons. Mr. GARAMENDI. Can we talk about the California drought in this context? Mr. TONKO. Exactly. Can you ill afford any waste of water? But it is not just water coming through those pipes. It is tax dollars flowing with that water. It is treated water. So it is foolish for us to continue along this path of hidden infrastructure mentality because, when it is not addressed, water and tax dollars—hard earned constituent money—are flowing out of those pipes. Before I came here, Representative GARAMENDI , you know that I worked at NYSERDA, the New York State Energy, Research, and Development Authority. We got national awards for energy efficiency incorporated at water treatment facilities. So we took that effort to reduce the price tag of daytoday operational costs. There are ways to save money. A broken pipe is pouring money down the drain. So let’s stop that foolish expenditure and go wisely to the investment that enables us with our intellect, our passion, and our sense of virtue to get things done correctly. Generations before us had that vision. Pioneers built this country. People came here as immigrants and tethered their American Dream. They climbed the ladder of opportunity and built strong communities based on that American Dream, and we in our present moment can’t find it within ourselves to address those basic core needs? We pride ourselves on being a modern society and having the luxury of clean water. The blue infrastructure moment is now. Let’s invest in that clean water infrastructure. Let’s not torture our communities. Let’s not disrespect our children. We are better than that. We have the engineering savvy. We have the academic prowess. We have the intellectual capacity. Now do we have the will? I believe we do. I believe this country, if asked: ‘‘Do you want to invest in America’s drinking water systems?’’ would say a resounding yes. Flint, Michigan; Sebring, Ohio; Los Angeles, California; Troy, New York—the list goes on and on. If we do nothing, we should anticipate that this list will continue to make a growing, passionate statement that we are dragging our feet. We are allowing a hidden infrastructure to be truly that, hidden, out of sight and out of mind. Don’t burden us with the responsibility. Don’t share the facts. It is too painful. I don’t want to hear that it is going to cost us something. We see what the cost is. Representative GARAMENDI held up the photo of that polluted water, that poisonous water. That is unacceptable in a country as great as America. Unacceptable. We have invested in the soundness of education, research, and innovation, and to not utilize the byproducts of those investments is sheer foolishness. It is not exercising the love of country that needs to be engaged in this Chamber and across the country. We can get this done. I am a firm believer—firm believer—that, with voices resonating in chorus about this issue and the connected tragedies of disinvestment, we will get it done. We will get it done. Representative GARAMENDI , I appreciate the efforts you make to bring these issues to the attention of the American public. For those who listen at home and watch at home, encourage your representatives to get on board with the investment in our clean drinking water infrastructure. It is so critical. This moment can bring us together. This isn’t about a partisan issue. We didn’t ask those children what party their families may be assigned, have chosen. This serves us all. Let’s go forward united in the voice and the passion to get it done, the determination and the integrity to say that we had a challenge and, in the old American way, we responded to it and succeeded. Again, thank you for bringing us together. b2015 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. TONKO , I wasn’t in Flint, Michigan when Representative KILDEE spoke to that young child—I think he was probably 4 or 5—who had been drinking this lead contaminated water, and was aware that he had been drinking the water. When that young kid turned to Mr. KILDEE and said: I am afraid I won’t be smart enough, I visualize it. My question to you, to myself, and to my colleagues here in the House of Representatives and across the way in the Senate is: Will we be smart enough to protect our children? I think we must be smart enough to do that. Mr. TONKO. When it comes to smart, incorporating this work with the appropriate agencies—the EPA and the DEC in my home State of New York— there is a situation very close to my district in Hoosick Falls that is going through a similar contaminated water situation critical to their quality of life and their public health. We need to advance that partnership, that soundness of checks and balances, 
that will make certain that every bit of the way it is based on responsibility and professionalism and good faith efforts. Mr. GARAMENDI. I was just thinking about your community that you mentioned, Albany and the like. I represent the University of California, Davis, in Davis, California. I think they have got maybe 12 wells that provide most of the water. About half of those wells are contaminated. They are building a new water system, and it should go online in the next few months, or maybe a year, or maybe sooner. They are investing. Perhaps they got some of this money from the State revolving fund. It is an example of a community that wrestled with this for about a decade. They turned out to be smart enough to address it. They did it with their neighboring community of Woodland. A new water system is going into place. They will have safe drinking water. There are other communities spread throughout California that don’t have the same opportunity. It is our task to address this. I think we are smart enough to do so. I think there is enough money in the system to do it. Mr. TONKO , would you like to do a quick 15 second wrap? Mr. TONKO. I thank the speaker for the opportunity to share thoughts on the floor here this evening. Blue infrastructure, let’s get it done. Let’s provide America one of her core basic needs. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3442, DEBT MANAGEMENT AND FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3293, SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH IN THE NATIONAL INTEREST ACT Mr. SESSIONS (during the Special Order of Mr. GARAMENDI ), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–420) on the resolution (H. Res. 609) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3442) to provide further means of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal responsibility, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3293) to provide for greater accountability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national interest, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. HUDSON (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of illness. ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 3033. An act to require the President’s annual budget request to Congress each year to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the National Science Foundation and to require the National Science Foundation to conduct research on dyslexia. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 10, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3036. A bill to designate the National September 11 Memorial located at the World Trade Center site in New York City, New York, as a national memorial, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 114–416). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 890. A bill to correct the boundaries of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Unit P16; with an amendment (Rept. 114–417). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. S. 1698. An act to exclude payments from State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits (Rept. 114–1418). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4180. A bill to improve Federal agency financial and administrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ development and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and responding to fraud, including improper payments (Rept. 114–419). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 609. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3442) to provide further means of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal responsibility, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3293) to provide for greater accountability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national interest (Rept. 114–420). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. H URT of Virginia, and Mr. TAKAI): 
H.R. 4498. A bill to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities law; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for himself, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Ms. KUSTER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. LYNCH ): H.R. 4499. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove consideration of certain painrelated issues from calculations under the Medicare hospital value based purchasing program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, and Mr. L UETKE MEYER ): H.R. 4500. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to permit certain depository institutions to use a short form call report, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. CONNOLLY , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4501. A bill to amend the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 to authorize further actions to promote freedom of information and democracy in North Korea, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. BISHOP of Utah): H.R. 4502. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to allow for a stay of Federal district court actions pending resolution of unsettled and ambiguous questions of State law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 4503. A bill to allow for additional markings, including the word ‘‘Israel’’, to be used for country of origin marking requirements for goods made in the geographical areas known as the West Bank and Gaza Strip; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 4504. A bill to repeal Federal energy conservation standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. REED, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. BUSTOS , and Mr. G ARAMENDI ): H.R. 4505. A bill to improve the competitiveness of United States manufacturing by designating and supporting manufacturing communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 4506. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to help health care consumers comparison shop for medical services based on quality and cost; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself and Ms. MCCOLLUM ): H.R. 4507. A bill to establish the Bureau of Land Management Foundation as a charitable, nonprofit corporation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself, Mr. PALLONE , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN): H.R. 4508. A bill to provide for increases in the Federal minimum wage and to provide a credit against the employment taxes of certain employers who pay more than the Federal minimum wage; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 4509. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify membership of State planning committees or urban area working groups for the Homeland Security Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. T IPTON ): H.R. 4510. A bill to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. MACARTHUR ): H.R. 4511. A bill to amend the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collection of video and audio recordings of biographical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a result of their service during a period of war; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 4512. A bill to amend the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to eliminate the section 251A sequestrations; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 4513. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants to State and local entities to carry out peertopeer mental health programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H. Con. Res. 112. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. PIERLUISI ): H. Con. Res. 113. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collectively to the 65th Infantry Regiment, known as the ‘‘Borinqueneers’’; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. C LAY, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. NORTON , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. MOORE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. R USH, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. ASHFORD , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. HINOJOSA , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. HONDA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. STIVERS ): H. Res. 610. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Black History Month and honoring the outstanding contributions of AfricanAmerican Medal of Honor recipients; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 4498. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 4499. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying in Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 4500. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sec 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Sec 8, Clause 18 This legislation proposes a necessary and proper reporting requirement for the FDIC to regulate such entities under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 4501. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 4502. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 4503. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 4504. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This legislation would repeal existing federal law, which was passed under the claimed constitutional authority of Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, often referred to as the ‘‘Commerce Clause.’’ By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 4505. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 4506. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 4507. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2—‘‘The Property Clause’’ Article 1, Section 8 Clause 18—‘‘The Necessary and Proper Clause’’ By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 4508. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 4509. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 4510. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 4511. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 4512. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, 2, 14, 18 By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4513. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills—and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , and Mr. M ICA. H.R. 27: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 135: Mr. WEBER of Texas and Mr. H ARRIS. H.R. 178: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 241: Mr. HARRIS and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 244: Mr. VELA. H.R. 472: Mr. VELA. H.R. 494: Mr. STUTZMAN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. BUCK, and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 541: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 581: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 583: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 662: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 664: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 703: Mr. BARR. H.R. 775: Mr. GIBSON , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. BORDALLO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali fornia, Mr. NADLER , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 842: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 942: Mr. MULVANEY . H.R. 969: Ms. SPEIER and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 1000: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. J EFFRIES  H.R. 1062: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1089: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1095: Mr. DEUTCH and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 1111: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1116: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1150: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 1258: Mr. MEEKS and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 1274: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1292: Mr. KIND. H.R. 1309: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 1391: Ms. PINGREE and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 1431: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1432: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1453: Mr. BERA. H.R. 1457: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 1475: Mr. BECERRA and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 1486: Mr. LUCAS and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1548: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1752: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1769: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 1818: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 1887: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 1942: Mr. CLYBURN and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 1944: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 1945: Ms. EDWARDS and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1995: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 2016: Mr. LANGEVIN and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2114: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 2132: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2167: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 2236: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. GRAYSON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, and Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 2264: Mr. PIERLUISI , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 2278: Mr. FLORES and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 2342: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 2355: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2411: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2540: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN and Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 2613: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 2656: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts. H.R. 2715: Mr. MURPHY of Florida and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 2752: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 2858: Mr. MEEKS and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 2957: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2962: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 3036: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. HIGGINS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 3068: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 3070: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3071: Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T AKAI, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 3074: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 3135: Mr. GUTHRIE and Mr. M ULVANEY . H.R. 3209: Mrs. NOEMand Mr. R EED. H.R. 3222: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 3225: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 3299: Mr. STEWART , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 3323: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 3390: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3515: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 3520: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 3535: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3541: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 3546: Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. S IRES, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , and Mrs. CAPPS . H.R. 3582: Mr. HONDA and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 3643: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3687: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 3691: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3706: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3713: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 3720: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 3779: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 3804: Mr. RIGELL . H.R. 3808: Mr. ROTHFUS and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 3870: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3929: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. C OFFMAN. H.R. 3948: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 3952: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 3981: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 3990: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3998: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 4007: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4013: Mr. LEVIN and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4029: Mr. GRIFFITH and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4043: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 4061: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4062: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4063: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4065: Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 4073: Ms. BORDALLO and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4083: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4087: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4144: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 4177: Mr. CALVERT , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4185: Mr. COURTNEY and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . H.R. 4211: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 4229: Mr. LANGEVIN , Ms. K USTER , and Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 4249: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4262: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 4305: Mr. SCHIFF and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 4333: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4334: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4336: Mrs. ROBY, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. G ARRETT , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. YOHO, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4342: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 4348: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4362: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 4371: Mr. BRAT, Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. WESTMORELAND . H.R. 4376: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4381: Mr. TAKAI and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 4386: Ms. MENG, Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. POLLS. H.R. 4396: MR. LOEBSACK , M R. TONKO , M S. CLARKE OF NEWYORK, MR. BENRAYLUJA´N 
ANDMR. KENNEDY . H.R. 4400: Mr. ROSS, Mr. M EEKS and Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 4404: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 4406: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4410: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4420: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. MICA. H.R. 4428: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 4438: Mr. RUSHand Mr. R ANGEL . H.R. 4442: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. GABBARD , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4443: Mr. RIBBLE . H.R. 4461: Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 4462: Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4470: Ms. KAPTUR , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. RANGEL , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. LEE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G RIFFITH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. H AHN, Mr. T HOMP SON of California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. COHEN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. D OLD, Mr. WELCH , Ms. E STY, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. MENG, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4474: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4476: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 4479: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. LEVIN, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. RANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. HAHN, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. SCHIFF , Ms. B ASS, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi nois, Mr. CA´RDENAS , and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4482: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 4490: Ms. HAHNand Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H. J. Res. 55: Mr. ROKITA . H. J. Res. 74: Mr. BUCSHON . H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. C ARTERof Texas, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. HURTof Virginia, and Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. C ALVERT and Mr. S HIMKUS . H. Res. 14: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 148: Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. M ICA, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. GRAYSON , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. ISRAEL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. SIRES, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 266: Mr. CRAMER . H. Res. 509: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. H ASTINGS . H. Res. 540: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Res. 552: Mr. PETERS . H. Res. 567: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. DONOVAN . H. Res. 591: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan, Mr. KEATING , Mr. N UNES , Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. K USTER , Mr. M ESSER , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. WALZ, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B ARR, Mr. WELCH , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S709 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2016 No. 23 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by 