Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, more than five decades have passed since we signed the Equal Pay Act into law, but in 2016, women still make 79 cents to the dollar that their male counterparts make. And it is worse for women of color. African American women earn 60 cents and Latinas earn 55 for every dollar earned by men. The Joint Economic Committee, which I am proud to serve on, found that women lose out on more than $500,000 throughout their career. And this wage gap continues to hurt women when they retire. The median income for women 65 and older is 44 percent less than that of men in the same age group. Every Congress, for nearly 20 years, Congresswoman ROSADELAURO has introduced the Paycheck Fairness Act. I am thankful for her leadership, and I am proud to join her as a cosponsor of the bill, because I am not going to stand by while North Carolina women make just 82 cents for every dollar earned by men. Today on Equal Pay Day, I call on my colleagues to stop shortchanging women and our families. Let’s pass the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
HONORING THE THUNDERRIDGE GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the ThunderRidge High School girls varsity basketball team on their stunning 5A State championship win over Highlands Ranch High School. ThunderRidge came out strong to clinch their fourth State championship in a dominating 47–32 victory. It was a game of defensive tenacity. The score held strong at 6–4 in the sixth minute of the game, something that Head Coach Matthew Asik ingrained in his team’s game plan, saying that, ‘‘If we play good defense, we can always be in a game.’’ Senior Jaz’myne Snipes put 16 points on the board and hustled for 8 rebounds in the final game, which earned her the welldeserved title of tournament MVP. This was a thrilling game between two Highlands Ranch powerhouses. I am so proud of these two teams for representing the Sixth Congressional District of Colorado in the title game. Congratulations to both teams on a stellar season. 
NATIONAL LIBRARY WEEK (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate National Library Week and to celebrate how local libraries continue to be a vital resource in communities across the Nation. Libraries have evolved beyond buildings of quiet study into engaging community centers where people can gather to collaborate on projects, children can come to participate in educational activities, and jobseekers can use as a resource for help in finding connections with employers. National Library Week is a perfect opportunity to highlight the services being provided in libraries by librarians and staff focused on creating environments where people can not only find the information they need, but use that information to better themselves and their communities. Counting both public and private, there are nearly 120,000 libraries across the United States, which together employ more than 350,000 people and provide services to millions of Americans each year. In my district, I have seen this transformation taking place, where access to the latest technologies, like 3–D printers, laser cutters, and video editing centers, can often be found at the local library. Libraries across the country continue to serve as centers of education, research, and community development, and I extend my thanks to the librarians and their staff. 
RECOGNIZING O.C. WELCH (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. O.C. Welch for his success in business and his dedication to making the Savannah community a better place to live. Mr. Welch is the definition of a self made man, whose hard work and natural business sense launched a career in the car business that grew into a large and prominent enterprise. Throughout his life, Mr. Welch has been committed to giving back. He is a devout Catholic who supports many projects in the Diocese of Savannah, not the least of which is his alma mater, Benedictine. In 2012, Mr. Welch used a Super Bowl commercial to offer a reward for information regarding the unsolved murder of a volunteer firefighter. The commercial led to the arrest and conviction of the killer. In the years since, Mr. Welch has not wavered in his crusade against crime in our community. More recently, Mr. Welch took up the cause of his beloved Bacon Park Golf Course, where he got his first job. After seeing the once pristine course fall into disrepair, he invested millions in restoring its historic Donald Ross design and rightful place in the community. These are only a few examples of the incredible impact Mr. Welch has had. I rise today to thank him for his continued commitment to our community. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. ANTHONY ATALA (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Dr. Anthony Atala, director of the Wake Forest Institute of Regenerative Medicine. Dr. Atala is the leader of a team of scientists at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center who have proved the feasibility of using a sophisticated, custom designed 3–D printer to create living tissue structures to replace injured or diseased tissue in patients. The team has been able to print ear, bone, and muscle structures that, when implanted in animals, were able to mature into functional tissue and develop a system of blood vessels. Early results indicate that the structures have the right size, strength, and function for use in humans, and the team aims to implant bioprinted muscle, cartilage, and bone in patients in the future. We are fortunate to have Dr. Atala and his team conducting this pioneering research that may change the face of modern medicine in North Carolina’s Fifth District. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman GREEN for yielding time, and thank him for his extraordinary leadership not only on this bill, but on our committee as well. To my colleague SUSAN BROOKS from Indiana, I thank the Congresswoman for all of her work. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of adding the Zika virus to the FDA Tropical Disease Product Priority Review Voucher program. The bill we are considering today is the Senate companion to my bill, H.R. 4400, which I introduced on February 1 of this year. 
Yesterday the White House and the CDC announced the dangers of the Zika virus are ‘‘scarier than we initially thought.’’ The CDC estimates that there are already hundreds of thousands of cases in the United States and that the number is expected to grow as the summer nears. The health consequences of the Zika virus infection are staggering. Zika infections in pregnant women can result in serious birth defects, including microcephaly and neurological disorders in newborns. The virus also has serious impacts on adults. This is a global public health emergency. We must act now to combat the spread of this deadly virus. My bipartisan legislation, cosponsored by 31 of our House colleagues, and the Senate companion cosponsored by 11 Senators, provides a pathway for expediting treatments for Zika. Supporting research and development in the U.S. to fight this will not only benefit us here at home, but will also help hundreds of millions of people around the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues today to support this legislation and other efforts, including authorizing additional emergency funding to combat this virus. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ) for his leadership on this issue and for certainly bringing this to our attention as soon as it was brought to his attention that this needed to be resolved. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2512 to add the Zika virus to the list of tropical diseases under the FDA Priority Review Voucher program for tropical diseases. While evidence of human infection by the Zika virus has been reported for over 60 years, there has been little progress in the development of treatment or vaccines. Existing incentives have been insufficient to encourage development of new and innovative treatments for the virus. However, with the recent spread of the virus from South America to the Caribbean and North America, the level of infection has reached pandemic levels. Although the Zika virus may be rare in the United States, the increase of airline transportation, immigration, and tourism only creates an environment for the Zika virus to be easily transmitted. S. 2512 would allow the FDA Priority Review Voucher program to work exactly as intended. It would add the Zika virus to the list of tropical diseases that are available under the voucher program. This bill would ultimately accomplish two goals. First, it would provide an incentive for drug developers in the form of fasttrack approval of therapies to treat the Zika virus. Second, it would create an avenue where treatments for the virus would get to patients quicker and ultimately end this pandemic outbreak. This legislation is vital to ensuring the health and safety of our Nation. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have no other speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just like to point out that as recently as yesterday, Federal officials have indicated that the mosquito that carries the Zika virus is actually anticipated to be in over 30 States at this point. Originally, it was in 12 States, and now it is believed to be found in 30 States in the United States. This is an extremely serious problem, one in which I am pleased that this House and this Chamber is paying attention to. I appreciate the gentleman from Georgia and his remarks. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of S. 2512, the Adding Zika Virus to the FDA Priority Review Voucher Program Act. This bill amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to add the Zika virus to the list of tropical diseases under the priority review voucher program, which awards a voucher to the sponsor of a new drug or biological product that is approved to prevent or treat a tropical disease. A voucher entitles the holder to have a future new drug or biological product application acted upon by the Food and Drug Administration within six months. My support has been steadfast, since I signed a letter at the virus’ onset, urging the FDA to quickly exercise the authority provided by Congress to add the Zika virus to the Neglected Tropical Disease list. I thank local, state and national health care professionals, public servants and others who have instituted preventative measures to combat the public health and safety threat that the Zika virus poses to our nation and our Western Hemisphere neighbors. The Zika virus, spread primarily through mosquitos and first detected decades ago in Uganda, has now begun to spread rapidly in South America. The recent outbreak has been linked with serious neurological disorders and lifethreatening birth defects. As the Member of Congress representing the Eighteenth Congressional District of Texas, centered in Houston, along the mainland United States’ Gulf Coast, I know first hand that Texans in particular are among the nation’s most atrisk. On March 10, 2015, I held a summit in Houston for the leading state and local experts in health, environmental control, and mosquito eradicating fields who are challenged with protecting communities from the Zika Virus to strategize and develop an action plan for the City and Harris County, Texas to reduce and control virus transmissions. Houston and other cities in the Gulf Coast region, during the late spring and summer months, have tropical climates that support the breeding habitats of Zika Virus carryingmosquitoes. In early March of this year, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported 153 laboratoryconfirmed cases of the Zika virus infection, among U.S. travelers between December 2015 and March 9, 2016— today, the number of reported cases has grown to 346, many of which are in areas further north than the 12 originally expected vulnerable states. The first confirmed cases of the Zika virus hit Houston in November of 2015, after the Harris County Public Health & Environmental Services (HCPHES) received confirmation from the CDC that the Zika virus was confirmed in a traveler recently returning from Latin America. Not long after, in January 15, 2016, the Centers for Disease Control issued a health advisory. On January 26, 2016, President Obama called for the rapid development of tests, vaccines and treatments to fight the mosquito transmitted virus and insisted upon the need to develop vaccines and therapeutics. We have known of the potential enormity of the Zika threat since January 28, 2016, when the World Health Organization (WHO) reported that it was ‘‘spreading explosively’’ throughout the Americas and was likely to reach North America soon. As of January 28, 2016, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) and the Society for MaternalFetal Medicine (SMFM) promulgated Practice Advisory guidance regarding the Zika virus and pregnant women. On February 1, 2016, the WHO announced an international public health emergency due to the recent cluster of neurological disorders and neonatal malformations reported throughout the Americas. On February 3, 2016, the first local transmission of a Zika virus infection was reported in the Caribbean, meaning that mosquitoes in the area were infected and began spreading the disease to people. Additionally, the Pan American Health Organization reported 26 countries and territories in the Americas exhibiting local transmission. On February 4, 2016, the CDC reported a case in Texas, my home state, of Zika’s spread by sexual transmission. The Zika virus is primarily transmitted via three types of mosquitoes—two of which are rampant in the Houston area. The poor are an especially vulnerable population, living in a hot environment. The Gulf Coast presents unique vulnerabilities impacting the spread of the Zika virus in Houston that are of the utmost concern, and a key motivation for supporting today’s legislation. My foremost priority is to protect the health and safety of Americans, especially those in Houston. My city’s people and their surrounding neighbors are living daily in extreme poverty— and now have to contend with this devastating disease. We saw in Brazil that the poorest communities of their nation experienced the worse Zikaplagued outcomes. Environmental issues, such as discarded tires, furniture, and debris are part of the landscape of the Americans’ lives we ought to be 
safeguarding—and are creating the perfect breeding conditions for Zika mosquitoes. Amplifying the impact, the CDC reports that the virus is spread through sexual contact and advises special precautions for pregnant women. The Zika virus can be spread from a pregnant woman to her fetus and has been linked to a serious birth defect of the brain called microcephaly in the babies of mothers who were exposed to the Zika virus while pregnant. Exacerbating measures, expectant mothers may not know that Zika virus mosquitoes inhabit the areas in which they live, until they see the terrible birth defects associated with the disease, plaguing the lateterm30week ultrasound images of their unborn child’s sonogram. Other problems have been detected among fetuses and infants infected with Zika virus before birth, such as absent or poorly developed brain structures, eye defects, hearing deficits, and impaired growth. About one in five people infected with the Zika virus become symptomatic. Characteristic clinical findings include acute onset of fever, maculopapular rash, arthralgia, or conjunctivitis. Today we are witnessing the spread of yet another tropical disease, threatening the health of U.S. citizens, much like Ebola did during the past few years. The WHO confirmed that as many as four million people could be infected by the end of the year. There is no treatment or cure for those infected by the Zika virus. The WHO is concerned about this rapidly spreading disease due to the lack of immunity in newly affected areas, the wide geographical distribution of infected mosquitos, and the absence of any vaccines, treatments, or rapid diagnostic tests. Given the lack of treatment available for the Zika virus, many supported the critical need for the FDA to use its Congressionally granted authority to add Zika to the list of Neglected Tropical Diseases eligible for the Priority Review Voucher program. On February 22, 2016, President Obama asked Congress to consider an FY 2016 emergency supplemental appropriations request of approximately $1.9 billion to respond to the Zika virus, both domestically and internationally. In conjunction with today’s bill’s efforts, this funding would build upon ongoing preparation efforts and provide resources for the Departments of Health and Human Services and State, as well as the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID). The collective goal of these efforts, as I see them, is to provide immediate responsiveness to prepare for and prevent the spread of Zika virus transmission; Speed research, development, and procurement of vaccines, therapeutics, and diagnostics; and Enhance the ability of Zikaaffected countries to better combat mosquitoes, control transmission, and support affected populations. The necessity presents itself to fortify our domestic health system, detect and respond to any potential Zika outbreaks at home, and to limit the spread in other countries. S. 2512 encourages the Federal Government to take a needed step, addressing the changing circumstances and emerging needs of populations exposed to the Zika virus. The CDC and NIH said that the previously endemic Ebola Virus created a template for Federal and State agencies that are currently attempting to address the Zika virus threat. If nothing else, the Ebola crisis demonstrated the critical need to develop effective vaccines and treatments before an endemic outbreak begins. This simple action by the FDA, I hope, will spur the development of an effective vaccine or treatment combating the Zika virus, and as a result save countless American lives. This bill is a step toward providing the protections that should be guaranteed to every American. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting S.2512, the Adding Zika Virus to the FDA Priority Review Voucher Program Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2512. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1645 FINANCIAL INSTITUTION BANKRUPTCY ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2947) to amend title 11 of the United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institution in bankruptcy, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2947 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 2947, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In 2008, our economy suffered one of the most significant financial crises in history. In the midst of the crisis and in response to a fear that some financial firms’ failures could cause severe harm to the overall economy, the Federal Government provided extraordinary taxpayerfunded assistance in order to prevent certain financial firms’ failures. In the ensuing years, experts from the financial, regulatory, legal, and academic communities examined how best to prevent another similar crisis from occurring and how to eliminate the possibility of using taxpayer moneys to bail out failing firms. The Judiciary Committee has advanced the review of this issue with the aim of crafting a solution that will better equip our bankruptcy laws to resolve failing firms while also encouraging greater private counterparty diligence in order to reduce the likelihood of another financial crisis. Among other things, this responded to provisions of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which called for an examination of how to improve the Bankruptcy Code in this area. Last Congress, after three hearings, the Judiciary Committee favorably reported the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act, which is legislation that improved the Bankruptcy Code to better facilitate the resolution of a financial firm. That legislation was the culmination of a bipartisan process that solicited and incorporated the views of a wide range of leading experts and relevant regulators. The bill ultimately passed the House by a voice vote under a suspension of the rules. This Congress, Representative TROTT  reintroduced the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act as H.R. 2947. Following its introduction, the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law conducted a hearing on the bill. The hearing witnesses all supported the legislation while providing recommendations for further refinements to the bill. Those recommendations were incorporated, and the Judiciary Committee approved the legislation by a unanimous vote of 25–0. The bill under consideration today is the product of a careful, deliberate, and thorough process, and it reflects a diverse range of views from a variety of interested parties. The Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act makes several improvements to the Bankruptcy Code in order to enhance the prospect of the efficient resolution of a financial firm through the bankruptcy process. The bill allows for the speedy transfer of a financial firm’s operating assets over the course of a weekend. This quick transfer allows the financial firm to continue to operate in the normal course, which preserves the value of the enterprise for the creditors of the bankruptcy without there being any significant impact on the firm’s employees, suppliers, and customers. The bill also requires expedited judicial review by a bankruptcy judge who has been randomly chosen from a pool of judges, who has been designated in advance, and who has been selected by the chief justice for his experience, expertise, and willingness to preside over these complex cases. Furthermore, the legislation provides for key regulatory input throughout the process. The Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act is a bipartisan, balanced approach that increases transparency and predictability in the resolution of a financial firm. Furthermore, it ensures that shareholders and creditors, not taxpayers, bear the losses related to the failure of a financial company. I am pleased that Ranking Member CONYERS is a lead sponsor of this important legislation, and I thank him 
and his staff for their efforts in developing this bill. I thank Representative TROTT for introducing this important legislation, and I thank Chairman MARINO of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, who is one of the original sponsors of the bill and who helped to usher the bill through the Judiciary Committee. I also commend my colleague from Georgia, who is also involved in this work and who is the ranking member of that same subcommittee. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2947, the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2016, amends the Bankruptcy Code to establish a process for the expedited judicial resolution of large financial institutions in order to soften the disruptive effects of their collapse. As we all know, the Great Recession was triggered by the widespread issuance and limited regulation of highrisk and, possibly, fraudulent mortgagebacked securities. Fueled by adjustable rate and predatory subprime mortgages, these securities were issued without regard to careful underwriting standards, caused a housing bubble that trapped countless homeowners in unaffordable mortgages, and led to a massive wave of foreclosures that resulted in the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. In the wake of this crisis, the President signed the DoddFrank Act into law so as to provide comprehensive measures to reduce systemic risk through heightened financial stability requirements for large financial institutions. Among many other requirements, title I of DoddFrank requires that certain large financial institutions have living wills to ensure a rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material distress or failure. Title II of the law provides for an administrative process to wind down these institutions so as to avoid adverse effects on the entire financial system; but there is no such process under the current bankruptcy law. I applaud Congressman TROTT and the chairman of the full committee, Chairman GOODLATTE , for addressing this concern by offering this legislation to revise the Bankruptcy Code in order to establish a specialized form of bankruptcy relief that would facilitate the expeditious resolution of large financial institutions and would minimize the disruptive impact of a company’s collapse on the financial system. The legislation largely accomplishes this goal by establishing a resolution process that authorizes a court to provide relief by transferring a debtor’s assets to a bridge company, under an expedited timeline, while minimizing the adverse effects of the bankruptcy on the financial system. While these aspects of the bill are commendable, I remain concerned, however, that this legislation lacks a funding mechanism that would allow the Federal Government to provide liquidity to the company, which is a key difference between an orderly resolution under DoddFrank and the resolution contemplated by H.R. 2947. In a typical bankruptcy case, the debtor’s reorganization may be funded by private parties or by the Federal Government, as illustrated by the General Motors bankruptcy. In many instances, liquidity provided by the U.S. Government to prevent the collapse of a financial institution has either returned a profit to the taxpayers or is likely to be repaid. Leading bankruptcy experts have found that providing liquidity to distressed financial institutions ‘‘is essential to successfully resolving the firm without creating undue systemic risk.’’ This critical mechanism has prevented the collapses of several major financial institutions without cost to the taxpayer. Lastly, I would caution against efforts to combine H.R. 2947 with legislation that would strike title II of the DoddFrank Act. As the National Bankruptcy Conference has observed, laws that are currently in place, such as title II of the DoddFrank Act, should remain in effect because the ability of U.S. regulators to assume full control of the resolution process to elicit the cooperation from nonU.S. regulators is an essential insurance policy against systemic risk and potential conflict and dysfunction among the multinational components of these institutions. I would also note that title II of the DoddFrank Act will serve as a valuable backstop to the bankruptcy process should this bill become law. Notwithstanding these concerns, I thank, once again, the gentleman from Virginia, the gentleman from Michigan, and also my friend and chair of the relevant subcommittee, TOM MARINO from Pennsylvania, for their leadership on this issue and for the bipartisan process in developing this legislation. I also thank the Democratic and Republican counsel of the Judiciary Committee, Susan Jensen and Anthony Grossi, for their tireless work and substantive expertise in developing this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ), the chief sponsor of the legislation. Mr. TROTT. I thank my colleagues Chairman GOODLATTE , Ranking Member CONYERS , and my friend from Georgia for their support of this important legislation. I also thank the other Members and the staff who have helped shape this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, the American people are frustrated with their government. While families are working hard, are paying their taxes, and are doing their best to keep the American Dream alive, Washington decides to spend money it doesn’t have on problems it shouldn’t solve. Suffice it to say, both parties have proven to be bad stewards of our Nation’s finances. Many of us were disappointed to see $700 billion in taxpayer money spent on bailing out failed financial institutions in 2008. The American people should not be on the hook for the failures of bad business practices. The American people entrusted us with their tax dollars, and Washington used the money to bail out banks. We cannot let this happen again. The legislation we are considering today is aimed at protecting American taxpayers and at reducing the risk of another taxpayer funded bailout. The Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act protects taxpayers by reforming the process of how failing banks go through bankruptcy proceedings. We have incorporated the recommendations of hearing witnesses, regulators, and experts from four Judiciary Committee hearings over the past 2 years. This effort is, truly, the product of bipartisan work and compromise. Under this bill, the process will be handled by an experienced judge—a judge who knows how to handle the complex reorganizations of financial institutions. It will also result in a transparent judicial process instead of there being a group of bank CEOs and regulators that meets in a back room in order to decide how to save a failing bank. It will ensure that shareholders and creditors are at risk when a financial institution fails, not the American taxpayer. Further, decades of case law and precedent will ensure a fair result. This bill is the kind of commonsense legislation that, I believe, offers important solutions, that protects the American people, and that is deserving of strong bipartisan support. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this effort. Let’s pass this bill and move it to the Senate for consideration. b1700 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I only have one speaker remaining, myself, to close. So I am prepared to do that once the gentleman from Georgia yields back. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues pass this measure. I yield back the remainder of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act is a necessary reform to ensure that taxpayers will not be called on to rescue the next failing financial firm. The legislation relies on longstanding bankruptcy principles that will be applied in a predictable and transparent manner. The Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act is a bipartisan measure 
that enjoys broad support from outside experts. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important reform. I thank my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee for their bipartisan effort to produce this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2947, the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2016.’’ for several reasons. To begin with, the bill addresses a real need—recognized by regulatory agencies, bankruptcy experts, and the private sector— that the bankruptcy law must be amended so that it can expeditiously restore trust in the financial marketplace as soon as possible after the collapse of a major financial institution. As many of you may recall, the failure of Lehman Brothers in 2008 caused a worldwide freeze on the availability of credit, which not only affected Wall Street, but Main Street as well. Even after Lehman sought bankruptcy relief, the filing did not prevent the near collapse of our Nation’s economy. The Lehman case revealed that current bankruptcy law is ill equipped to deal with complex financial institutions in economic distress. H.R. 2947 addresses these shortcomings by establishing a specialized form of bankruptcy relief whereby the holding company of a large financial institution could expeditiously obtain such relief, while allowing its operating subsidiaries to function outside of bankruptcy. Through this mechanism, the debtor’s principal assets, such as its secured property, financial contracts, and the stock of its subsidiaries, would be transferred to a temporary ‘‘bridge company,’’ that, in turn, would liquidate these assets for the benefit of creditors under the supervision of a trustee. This process should reduce the likelihood of disruption to the financial marketplace and avoid any worldwide freeze on the availability of credit. Another reason why I support this bill is that it appropriately recognizes the important role the DoddFrank Act has in the regulation of large financial institutions. Without doubt, the Great Recession was a direct result of the regulatory equivalent of the Wild West. In the absence of any meaningful regulation of the mortgage industry, lenders developed high risk subprime mortgages and used predatory marketing tactics targeting the most vulnerable. These doomedtofail mortgages were then securitized and sold to unsuspecting investors, including pension funds and school districts. Millions of Americans were trapped in mortgages they could no longer afford. This resulted in causing vast waves of foreclosures, massive unemployment, and international economic upheaval. The DoddFrank Act goes a long way toward reinvigorating a regulatory system that makes the financial marketplace more accountable, more transparent, and more resilient. And, H.R. 2947 will make the DoddFrank Act even more effective by ensuring the bankruptcy law is better equipped to resolve these companies. Finally, I am pleased that H.R. 2947 is the product of a very collaborative, inclusive, and deliberative process. A collaborative process—particularly with respect to complex legislation with wideranging consequences—is essential. It should be the norm, not the exception. Accordingly, I commend Judiciary Committee Chairman GOODLATTE for his leadership in ensuring this collaborative process for H.R. 2947. Nevertheless, while the bill is an excellent measure, it unfortunately does not include any provision allowing the federal government to be a lender of last resort, a critical element that nearly every expert recognizes is necessary to ensure financial stability. This is a matter that at some point must be addressed. Again, I want to acknowledge the excellent level of cooperation on both sides of the aisle in producing the legislation that is pending before us today. In closing, I appreciate that my Judiciary Committee colleagues on both sides of the aisle have come together to support H.R. 2947. Nevertheless, I strongly encourage Chairman GOODLATTE to consider other bankruptcy related measures that my colleagues and I have introduced this Congress dealing with equally important matters. These measures include H.R. 97, the ‘‘Protecting Employees and Retirees in Business Bankruptcies Act,’’ which I introduced to help level the playing field for employees and pensioners in corporate bankruptcy cases. I also would urge consideration of legislation, such as H.R. 1674, the ‘‘Private Student Loan Bankruptcy Fairness Act,’’ a bill sponsored by my colleague, the gentleman from Tennessee STEVE COHEN , that would help relieve those who—through no fault of their own—become entrapped in unaffordable, predatory student loan obligations. These measures also deserve to be considered prior to the close of this Congress. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2947, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PREVENTING CRIMES AGAINST VETERANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4676) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4676 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 4676, as amended, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4676, the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2016, was introduced by Congressman TOMROONEY  of Florida, a former member of the Judiciary Committee, and Congressman TEDDEUTCH of Florida, a current member of the Judiciary Committee. This legislation fixes a loophole in Federal law and provides Federal prosecutors with an additional tool to go after criminals who seek to defraud veterans. In recent years, financial predators have increasingly targeted veterans, particularly elderly veterans in lowincome housing, in an effort to defraud the veterans out of their Veterans Affairs benefits. These criminals offer to help veterans with their cases, claim to get their benefits approved in record time, charge fees that are often in the thousands of dollars, and then provide them with little or no assistance. Under current law, many of these fraudsters would be vulnerable to prosecution under the mail or wire fraud statutes if they engage in this sort of fraudulent scheme by calling a veteran on the phone, sending them an email, mailing them a letter, or otherwise using the instrumentalities of interstate commerce to commit fraud. However, increasingly these criminals are taking advantage of a loophole in Federal law by conducting inperson seminars or meeting in person at a veteran’s home or assisted living facility. 
In at least one recent example, a fraudster visited an assisted living facility in Florida and asked the staff to round up all the veterans for a seminar. This sort of conduct—swindling an elderly veteran out of his or her benefits—is truly reprehensible and worthy of Congress’ attention. H.R. 4676, which has the support of the veterans service community, addresses this conduct. This vulnerable population has done its duty to protect us from harm. It is our duty to help protect them. To paraphrase Ronald Reagan, some people wonder all their lives if they have made a difference. Veterans don’t have that problem. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation and protect our Nation’s veterans. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to support H.R. 4676, the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2016, as amended. This legislation provides an important tool for Federal prosecutors to combat veterans’ benefits fraud, a very despicable practice. Because we honor their service and the sacrifices that they have made, it is particularly important that we go above and beyond the call of duty to protect America’s veterans from fraud and to ensure the integrity of the system of benefits we provide to them. Currently, there are about 21 million veterans of the United States military, men and women who selflessly served our Nation in various theaters of war, from the Second World War, Korea, and Vietnam to more recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. Unfortunately, many of our veterans, as a result of their service, have physical and mental scars. There are well over 1 million American veterans with serviceconnected disabilities. The suicide rate among veterans is 300 percent above the national average, and it is estimated that about 30 percent of all Vietnam veterans and 20 percent of veterans of the recent Middle East conflicts suffer from posttraumatic stress disorder in a given year. In addition, veterans are more likely than nonveterans to become homeless. They comprise 17 percent of our homeless population. On any given night, an estimated 50,000 veterans are sleeping on America’s streets. In recognition of the extreme sacrifice by our veterans and the hardships many of them continue to face after completion of their military service, it is our solemn duty and our obligation to provide to the best of our ability an appropriate measure of compensation for them. For instance, we provide disability payments to those with serviceconnected disabilities. We provide pensions for veterans with limited incomes. We provide them with opportunities for education and training under the GI Bill. And we also provide various life insurance benefits. This is the least that we can do, and it is still not enough. Unfortunately, there continues to be issues with the medical care we provide our veterans and problems with some benefits never being processed and paid because of the loss of claims by the Veterans Benefits Administration. H.R. 4676 would make it a crime to knowingly engage in any scheme to defraud a veteran of his or her veteran’s benefits or to knowingly engage in fraud in connection with obtaining veteran’s benefits. Anyone convicted of such crime could and should be fined, imprisoned, or subjected to both penalties. I note that the amended version of the bill we are considering today reflects an amendment offered in the Judiciary Committee markup by Ranking Member JOHN CONYERS . The amendment, which was approved by voice vote, extends the bill’s protections to fraud involving the benefits owed to the survivors and dependents due to the service of a veteran. Those who defraud veterans or their surviving spouses or dependents endanger our system of veterans’ benefits not only by harming the victims, but also by diminishing the resources required to pay these claims and fund the programs that are needed to help those who have served their country. Accordingly, I support H.R. 4676. I commend the bill’s sponsors, Representative TOM ROONEY and Representative TEDDEUTCH , both of Florida, for their work on this important issue. I thank the chairman for hastening the consideration of this very important piece of legislation by the full committee. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROONEY), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I serve nearly 75,000 veterans in Congress, making Florida’s 17th District one of the highest concentrations of veterans in the whole Nation. From helping veterans solve problems and process claims with the VA to working to fund veterans’ benefits programs at levels deserving of their sacrifice, my duties to these 75,000 veterans is something that I take very seriously. But my constituents are quick to let me know that I still have a lot more work to do to fix the system. One particularly disturbing problem was brought to my attention by a number of veterans service organizations in my district. Last year I started to hear stories about individuals advertising themselves to veterans in my district, claiming that, for a hefty fee, which is illegal, they could expedite veterans’ claims with the Department of Veterans Affairs. The problem with that is they can’t expedite these claims. One local Veteran Services Division explained to me at length how these criminals are systematically targeting senior veterans in lowincome housing communities almost as a rule because those vets are most likely to fall victim to their schemes. Disturbingly, these guys will go into assisted living facilities and ‘‘round up all the veterans’’ and coerce veterans to apply for veterans’ benefits they don’t qualify for and to sign contracts agreeing to pay them for services that they can never provide. We all know that the claims process at the VA is far too slow and takes far too long. My office works with veterans on a daily basis, as do the other Members here, to try to assist them with their claims and expedite the process when possible. But when I hear that people are singling out veterans, targeting some of them based on their low income, and then earning a significant profit off them, that just makes me sick. As the law stands now, even though it is illegal for anyone who is not an approved agent with the VA to charge a fee for helping a veteran with a claim or an appeal, there is no criminal or financial penalty associated with breaking this law. Without a Federal criminal penalty, there is little deterring these despicable people from defrauding a veteran for financial gain. The reality is this: It is happening in all of our districts and people are getting away with it every day. I refuse to let this continue unabated in my own backyard in this country, especially not to our veterans for whom I have so much respect, as do we all. So along with my neighbor and friend, Democratic Congressman TED DEUTCH of south Florida, we introduced a bill to penalize people and companies making a living off of stealing from our veterans. Our bill would give law enforcement and prosecutors the tools to penalize predators that are blatantly engaging in a scheme to defraud veterans, or their families, of his or her benefits by imposing a fine, imprisonment of up to 5 years, or both. These criminals have to pay the price for their appalling actions. It is our duty in Congress to ensure that our Nation’s heroes are protected under every circumstance and aspect of the law. I am proud that this bipartisan bill is on the floor today. I urge my colleagues to join me, Congressman DEUTCH , and the chairman and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee in support of this bill. Each and every one of us owes our Nation’s veterans the utmost respect. Today we have the chance to bring justice to those veterans who have fallen victim to the immoral schemes committed by some of the lowest forms of criminals in our country. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it warms my heart today to be a part of this body and to be a part of the movement of such important legislation as this, which is to protect people who are very vulnerable to abuse. Without our action, it will just simply continue. I want to once again applaud the efforts of Representative TOMROONEY  and Representative TEDDEUTCH for bringing this legislation to us. I look forward to its passage. I would recommend to all of my colleagues that they join us and support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee and Subcommittee on Crime Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, which reported this legislation, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4676 ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2016’’, a bill that provides an important additional tool for federal prosecutors to combat veterans’ benefits fraud. I support this legislation, because of the honorable sacrifices our veterans have made for us, it is particularly important that we protect them from fraud and ensure the integrity of the system of benefits we provide for them. H.R. 4676 amends the federal criminal code to declare that any person who knowingly engages in any scheme or artifice to defraud a veteran of veterans’ benefits, or in connection with obtaining veteran’s benefits for that veteran, shall be fined, imprisoned not more than five years, or both. Currently, there are approximately 21 million veterans of the United States military living all across our country. It is estimated that about 30 percent of all Vietnam veterans have had posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and up to 20 percent of veterans serving in more recent conflicts in the Middle East are estimated to suffer from PTSD in a given year. Given the extreme sacrifice by our veterans and the hardships many of them continue to face after their military service, it is our duty to provide, to the best of our ability, an appropriate measure of compensation for themparticularly for those in need. For instance, we provide disability payments to those with serviceconnected disabilities, pensions for veterans with limited incomes, education and training under the GI Bill, and also various life insurance benefits. Over 24,000 veterans reside in my 18th Congressional District and one of my top priorities is to fight for their benefits and to fight for the rights of our most patriotic Americans. Amending title 18, United States Code of H.R. 4676, provides an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans. H.R. 4676 will ensure that prosecutors may bring criminal charges against those who knowingly defraud a veteran of their benefits or engage in fraud in connection with obtaining veterans’ benefits. 476,515 veterans are living with PTSD, and need their benefits to provide the top care for their disorder; it is criminal that some are left untreated. H.R. 4676 will bring justice to our veterans and shine a light on those who are abusing the benefits given to veterans for defending our country. Those who defraud veterans and the system of veterans’ benefits harm the victims and diminish resources required to pay the claims and fund the programs that are needed to help those who have served their country. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 4676. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4676, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1715 GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1567) to authorize a comprehensive, strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, promote inclusive, sustainable agriculturalled economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1567 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Food Security Act of 2016’’. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Global Food Security Act, H.R. 1567, authorizes a comprehensive, strategic approach for U.S. foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce poverty and hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, promote inclusive, sustainable, agriculturalled economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, and build resilience among vulnerable populations. At its core, H.R. 1567 establishes a comprehensive global food security strategy that includes eight mutually reinforcing policy objectives and 15 specific goals and actions designed to develop and implement a wholeofgovernment strategy. Essential elements of the strategy include: benchmarks, timetables, performance metrics, and monitoring and evaluation plans; clear and transparent selection criteria for target countries; support of inclusive valuechain development with smallscale producers, especially women; leverage of resources and expertise through partnerships with the private sector, farm organizations, cooperatives, civil society, faith based organizations, and agricultural research and academic institutions; harnessing science, technology, and innovation from a myriad of sources, including the 24 Feed the Future innovation labs; and support for improved nutrition for women and children, particularly during the critical first thousandday window until a child reaches 2 years of age, and with a focus on reducing child stunting through nutrition specific and nutritionsensitive programs, including related water, sanitation, and hygiene programs. Indeed, Mr. Speaker, there is perhaps no wiser and radically transformative investment that we could make in the human person than to concentrate on ensuring that sufficient nutrition and health assistance is given during the first thousand days of life, a thousand days that begins with conception, continues throughout pregnancy, includes that milestone event called birth, and then finishes at roughly the second birthday of the child. Children who do not receive adequate nutrition in utero are far more likely to experience immune system deficiencies, making opportunistic infections more debilitating, even fatal, and a large number of lifelong cognitive and physical deficiencies, such as stunting. UNICEF estimates that one in four children worldwide is stunted due to lack of adequate nutrition. By maximizing nutrition during the first thousand days of life, we help ensure that the next 25,000 days or more in a person’s life are far more likely to be healthier and disease free. One objective of H.R. 1567 is to graduate individuals and families and communities and nations from food aid dependency to selfsufficiency, leading to a likely reduction in emergency food assistance over time. That is both humane and a responsible stewardship of taxpayer funds. By statutorily authorizing this program, which had its roots in the Bush administration and was formalized by the Obama administration, we are also statutorily enhancing congressional oversight by requiring the administration to report to Congress. Thus, the bill requires rigorous monitoring, evaluation, and congressional oversight of the global food security strategy, and it mandates a comprehensive report to ensure accountability and effectiveness. The approach we have taken in the Global Food Security Act is fiscally disciplined. There is no additional cost to the U.S. taxpayer. This would authorize a straightlining from 2015 and 2016. USAID will be authorized, however, to do more by more effectively leveraging our aid with that of other countries, the private sector, NGOs, and faithbased organizations, whose great work on the ground in so many different countries impacts so many lives. As the prime sponsor of H.R. 1567, let me convey my very special thanks to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the prime Democratic cosponsor, for her leadership, for her friendship, and for her support. I am deeply grateful to the majority leader, KEVIN MCCARTHY , and his extraordinary floor director, Kelly Dixon, for their pivotal support in the last Congress and this one for the Global Food Security Act. I would note parenthetically, if it passes today, this will be the second time in 2 years. The clock ran out on the bill in the Senate during the last Congress. I am grateful as well for the strong and abiding support of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, ED ROYCE , and ranking member, E LIOT ENGEL . They have been tremendous. 
The Committee on Agriculture chairman, MIKECONAWAY , made several important policy revisions and has been personally involved in the drafting of this bill, so I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), my good friend and very distinguished colleague, for his work on this bill and his work on Agriculture in general. I thank him for that leadership. And, of course, a heartfelt thanks to all the other original cosponsors: Mr. FORTEN BERRY , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. SMITH of Washington, and Mr. PAULSEN . Finally, a great big thanks to our professional staff members, who worked hard to bring this bill to the floor: Joan Condon and Doug Anderson at the Committee on Foreign Affairs; Scott Graves, Bart Fischer, and Jackie Barber at the Committee on Agriculture; legislative counsel Mark Synnes; Jenn Holcomb in BETTY  MCCOLLUM ’s office; Piero Tozzi from my subcommittee; and my chief of staff, Mary Noonan. This is truly a team effort. This will save lives and enhance everyone’s life around the world who benefits from the program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, Mr. Speaker, let me thank our chairman, EDROYCE , and his staff for their hard work on the bill and for bringing it forward. I am a big supporter of this bill, and I think this again shows our committee bipartisanship at its best. I also want to thank Congressman CHRIS SMITH and Congresswoman BETTY MCCOLLUM for authorizing this legislation, the Global Food Security Act, H.R. 1567. Mr. Speaker, nearly 800 million people around the world go to bed hungry on a daytoday basis. Malnutrition is responsible for nearly half of all deaths of children under 5 years old. This is just unconscionable. We cannot allow it to continue. Plain and simple, we need to do more to help people feed themselves. Beyond that, we need to get to the root causes that perpetuate cycles of poverty, hunger, and instability. This bill lays out clear priorities for American foreign assistance programs that reduce global poverty and hunger. We want to prioritize efforts that accelerate agricultureled economic growth, enhance food and nutrition security, build resilience, create an environment for robust investment and trade, and advance the range of economic, diplomatic, global health, and national security interests that are tied to food security. This bill also authorizes funding for State Department and USAID initiatives, including the administration’s signature effort of Feed the Future. This program has already delivered real results in fighting world hunger, poverty, and malnutrition. Since 2010, Feed the Future has worked with smallholder farmers in 19 countries to increase incomes and reduce hunger, poverty, and undernutrition. Feed the Future has helped rural Cambodians start profitable fish farming businesses, taught Guatemalan sharecroppers to grow more profitable crops, and provided educational and national support to Tanzanian mothers. There has been real progress in places like Ghana, which has reduced childhood stunting by 33 percent in just 6 years between 2008 and 2014. Incomes in Honduras increased 55 percent between 2012 and 2014. This isn’t a pieinthesky notion, Mr. Speaker. This is an initiative that we are a part of that is getting real results for real people. So let’s continue to support it. This bill is a real step toward our vision of a world without global hunger and malnutrition, and it supports critical U.S. foreign policy and national security interests. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture, who worked very closely with our committee and with me and with my staff on the bill and helped to ensure that it did not have any unintended negative consequences for the domestic programs within his committee’s jurisdiction. I want to thank him again for his great leadership. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. SMITH for yielding and the other colleagues for the work they have done on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1567, the Global Food Security Act of 2016. With the world population rapidly increasing, particularly in some of the most impoverished and foodinsecure regions, it is of critical importance that the United States maintain its position as the world leader in the effort to alleviate global hunger and enhance food security. The agricultural community is proud to have long played a crucial role in this effort. We are eager to continue doing our part. As chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture, I vow to ensure that the expertise of the agriculture community is fully leveraged in the global food security efforts that are moving forward. To fulfill that promise, I have worked closely with the Committee on Foreign Affairs to ensure that the bill before us today capitalizes on the wealth of knowledge and expertise within the U.S. Department of Agriculture and amongst agricultural businesses, commodity groups, agricultural producers, agricultural research institutions, land grant colleges and universities, and the agricultural extension system. Beyond requiring collaboration with key agricultural stakeholders, the bill will also improve the monitoring and reporting of the various programs and funds counted toward the success of the current Feed the Future initiative. USAID has been very vocal in its efforts to reduce and/or eliminate in kind food assistance, yet it lauds the use of these very programs in selling the success of Feed the Future. It is my hope that the enhanced reporting accountability within the global food security strategy will ensure that all food aid programs and means of delivery are appropriately recognized for the role that they play in the strategy’s success. Further, to ensure that this legislation does not provide USAID with unintended opportunity to overhaul time tested food aid programs, the bill contains carefully crafted language protecting the funds and the authorities of these existing programs. As I have pointed out time and again, any changes should be explored in the context of future farm bill discussions. I greatly appreciate Congressman SMITH’s openminded approach to achieving common ground on this legislation as well as the cooperation and support from the various agricultural organizations, commodity groups, and nongovernmental organizations, such as the ONE Campaign, who have been engaged in this process. I look forward to maintaining and building upon these positive relations as we move forward and carefully monitor the implementation of this strategy. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), one of the authors of this bill and someone who has worked so long on issues like these for so many, many years. A lot of this is really a result of her hard work through the years. b1730 Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support for the Global Food Security Act, H.R. 1567. I want to especially thank Congressman CHRIS SMITH for being a real, true partner on this bill and for his work to advance global food security, which we both care about so very deeply. This bill is an important bill with a goal everyone should support: helping hardworking farmers grow the food they need to feed and support their families. As we have already heard, in the world’s poorest countries, nearly 800 million people are chronically hungry or malnourished, and more than 150 million children under the age of 5 are stunted. No parent should have to watch their child suffer or even die because they don’t have access to the nutritious food they need to survive. For children who somehow do survive, the lasting damage of not having access to healthy food means that a child will not grow physically and mentally the way that they should, especially during the first 
thousand days, and any damage that is done is permanent. According to the World Bank, stunting ‘‘means a child has failed to develop in full, and it is essentially irreversible, which means that the child will have little hope of achieving [their] full potential.’’ As a global community, we know that chronic malnutrition severely limits a child’s ability to grow, to learn, and to thrive. But it is not just harmful for that child or the family, it undermines the development of an entire community and perpetuates the cycle of poverty. And all of this is completely preventable. Working with small holder farmers, especially women, Feed the Future is helping to provide the tools, resources, education, and training these farmers need to grow their way out of poverty and to improve nutrition and create new economic opportunities. I have been fortunate enough to see the work USAID is doing around the globe and to hear directly from women farmers about the difference it has made for themselves and their families. A mother can now feed her family better food, pay her children’s school fees, invest in her community, and become an entrepreneur herself. These are success stories that happen when the United States makes smart investments in global food security. These are the successes that we must continue if we want to strengthen families, communities, and, yes, even our own national security. Feed the Future does not work alone. It is partnering with private sector businesses, civil society, and universities. Bringing these sectors together with their specialized knowledge and expertise is not only good for that farmer or local processor, but it builds new, stable markets in these communities. Minnesotabased businesses Land O’Lakes, General Mills, and Cargill are already working with Feed the Future. General Mills CEO Ken Powell said, ‘‘And we are hungry to help the farmer in Malawi who, by selling her crop, will generate the money needed to support her family and pay for her children to go to school.’’ Well, that truly sums it up. This is what this legislation is all about: empowering women farmers to support and care for their families. Once again, I want to thank Congressman CHRIS SMITH for being a great partner on this journey. I would like to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for helping to move this legislation forward, along with Congresswoman BASS. I also want to thank the staff—Piero, Jenn, Janice, and Joan—for all the work that they did to help get this bill to the floor today. In December 2014, this House passed a similar version of this bill by a voice vote, but the Senate failed to act. So today, once again, I urge my colleagues to support the Global Food Security Act. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, for bringing this bill up today. I rise in support of the Global Food Security Act, H.R. 1567. This bill reflects almost 2 years of work between the Agriculture Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, both of which I serve on. This legislation is an important step in getting back to regular order and properly authorizing a program—which has essentially been on autopilot for the last 7 years—before funds are appropriated. An important program such as this needs to be reexamined by Congress and duly authorized so that changes that need to be made can be made and to stop the terrible pattern of just appropriating money for programs because the reauthorization is too difficult to work out. The legislation demonstrates that this body is doing what we were sent up here to do: make the tough decisions and stop the cycle of throwing good money after bad. H.R. 1567 authorizes previously unauthorized money that is no higher than what has been appropriated in the last 2 fiscal years. Furthermore, through the hard work of both the Agriculture and Foreign Affairs Committees, we have been able to eliminate duplicative spending and waste, strengthen congressional oversight while instituting no new spending, and most importantly, begin weaning these nations off of U.S. foreign aid by including the private sector, promoting economic growth, and opening markets for U.S. trade and investment instead of just aid. I think it is time to change our paradigm of giving aid to foreign governments and move from aid to trade. That way, we wean off the structure we have done in the past. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1567 and show the rest of the world that Congress is doing what it was meant to: making the hard choices through negotiating and crafting legislation and programs that will not irresponsibly waste taxpayer money and will encourage the best results that will wean countries off of U.S. aid and onto U.S. trade. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as you have heard from all our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, this is a good bill that deserves to be supported by everyone in the House. Ending global hunger and malnutrition is an enormous challenge. There are nearly 800 million people facing chronic hunger and 3.1 million child malnutrition deaths each year. Let me just say that again because it is shocking. There are 3.1 million child malnutrition deaths each year. These are deaths of innocent children that we can save. They are dying if we do nothing. So we must do more to achieve food and nutrition security. This bill is a step in the right direction, and I urge all my colleagues to support it. I once again thank Chairman ROYCE , Mr. SMITH, and Ms. M CCOLLUM for their hard work on this issue, and I urge, again, my colleagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Mr. ENGEL for his very kind remarks and for his strong support for this legislation. This has been a great partnership with BETTY  MCCOLLUM , and I know it will continue. Both of us—and others, of course—are totally committed to ending chronic hunger and providing self sufficiency in countries where it is a matter of just conveying best practices and increasing the capabilities of people and their roads and bridges. It’s all very much integrated. So I want to thank her for her leadership on this very important piece of legislation. Again, it bears saying over and over again that half of all deaths in children under 5 are attributable to undernutrition. Of course, for the others who die, very often, malnutrition is a complicating factor and it allows, as I said earlier, opportunistic diseases to take hold and to cause havoc, if not death, to that child. There are 161 million children stunted worldwide. I was actually in the Central American country of Guatemala when they signed up for the First Thousand Days of Life. The new President has indicated when he was here that it is a very, very important part of his program. We see it all over Africa and Asia. If nutrition is provided, it does mitigate disease. It does, for many, mean that they have a chance at life and that their immune systems are bolstered to the point where they can resist multiple attacks of various diseases and then get into adolescence and, of course, into adulthood. This is transformative. It is bipartisan. I also think it bears repeating for my colleagues that this bill has been a long time in the making. As BETTY MCCOLLUM said earlier, we passed it last Congress. And I guess, as I said earlier, the clock did run out. We did not get it up for a vote in the Senate. God willing, this time it will be different. We have had a dozen committee hearings. I have held many of them myself in my Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, and Global Human Rights. It has been a multiyear effort and a great deal of due diligence and vetting has gone into the language. We worked, as I said earlier, very closely with Chairman MIKECONAWAY , and he had very, very important contributions to make. So this has been a great collaborative effort of our staff and members 
of the Foreign Affairs, Appropriations, and the Agriculture Committees. I urge Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1567, the Global Food Security Act of 2015. As the world’s population has increased the demand for food has grown with it. Amidst a volatile oil market and impacts from extreme weather on major foodexporting industries due to climate change, food prices have risen with the burden falling heavily on underdeveloped nations and their citizens. The pressure is on our chamber to ensure that we live in a world where food availability, regardless of droughts and transportation costs, is not an option but a right. Feed the Future, a U.S. Government Initiative, works handinhand with partner countries to develop agriculture sectors that help domestic economies as well as the individuals in these places suffering from food shortages. The advanced approach by Feed the Future works to solve the issue by addressing many of the concerns that face these countries. Empowering women, embracing innovation between private sector and civil society, supporting food security, and creating costeffective results that lead to sustainability for these partner countries are just some of the goals of the Feed the Future program. The Global Food Security Act of 2015 builds off this initiative by making it permanent and committing the United States to a solution regarding the growing food shortage epidemic. The Act improves upon existing practices to ensure that U.S. taxpayer dollars are effectively apportioned while not adding to the debt. It also requires the Administration to develop a comprehensive strategy to combat food insecurity, malnutrition, and hunger and report it to Congress on a yearly basis. I would like to close by saying that I am proud of our chamber for coming together to ensure that the United States plays a key role in combatting one of the largest developmental issues in the 21st century. I also want to thank my colleagues for understanding the importance of a comprehensive approach that recognizes and promotes the involvement of women in agriculture while also promoting a sustainable future for our partner countries. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1567, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 139, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ 
PREVENTING CRIMES AGAINST VETERANS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4676) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—22 
Bridenstine Buck Castro (TX) Costa Crowley DeFazio Deutch Edwards Fattah Fincher Frankel (FL) Gosar Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Katko Lieu, Ted Lummis Meng Pearce Peterson Smith (WA) 
b1858 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded today. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Rollcall No. 139: ‘‘Aye’’; and rollcall No. 140: ‘‘Aye.’’ 
b1900 ENSURING PATIENT ACCESS AND EFFECTIVE DRUG ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 483) to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HILL). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 483 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2016’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL SERVICE AND THE NATIONAL HONOR GUARD AND PIPE BAND EXHIBITION Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 117, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 117 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), SECTION 1. USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL SERVICE. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE 3RD ANNUAL FALLEN FIREFIGHTERS CONGRESSIONAL FLAG PRESENTATION CEREMONY Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 120, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 120 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR FALLEN FIREFIGHTERS CONGRESSIONAL FLAG PRESENTATION CEREMONY. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other related structures and equipment as may be required for the event. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board are authorized to make such additional arrangements as may be required to carry out the event. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR AN EVENT TO CELEBRATE THE BIRTHDAY OF KING KAMEHAMEHA I Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 115, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 115 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR EVENT TO CELEBRATE BIRTHDAY OF KING KAMEHAMEHA I. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HONORING JUSTIN AND STEPHANIE SHULTS (Mr. ROE of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with a heavy heart along with my friends, Congressman COOPER  and Congressman BARR, to offer our sincere condolences to the family of Justin and Stephanie Shults, two of the Americans who were killed by radical Islamic terrorists in the March 22 Brussels attack. These cowardly attacks targeted innocent bystanders like Justin and Stephanie. This is not the first time the First Congressional District of Tennessee has experienced tragedy in this manner, as Sergeant Frederick Greene was killed at Fort Hood, Texas, in the 2009 attack. Justin Shults grew up in Gatlinburg, Tennessee, where he was the valedictorian of GatlinburgPittman High. He graduated from Vanderbilt University and received his MBA from the Owen School of Management, where he met Stephanie, his beautiful wife. They shared their love of adventure, which took them to Belgium for work. Justin’s mom, Sheila, was a single mom who worked hard to provide for three children. They are a loving, Christian family who ended each conversation by saying, ‘‘I love you,’’ and those were the last words that Justin’s mom said to him. I can only imagine the grief that accompanies losing your child in such a sudden and violent manner, and we all join in offering Justin and Stephanie’s families our prayers and deepest sympathy. The family wants to thank those who have called them from around the world to offer their condolences. Indeed, we extend our condolences to all families who lost loved ones. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO THREE YOUNG PEOPLE WHO LOST THEIR LIVES TO TERRORISM (Mr. COOPER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, America and the Owen School of Management of Vanderbilt University suffered three devastating losses just during the month of March. The Shults family, which has already been mentioned, were a model American couple, but the first victim of terrorism with ties to Owen School of Management was Taylor Force, a young man who was raised in Lubbock, Texas, went to a military academy in New Mexico, was an Eagle Scout, and then attended and graduated from West Point Academy, served in the U.S. Army, did two tours in the Middle East, emerged as a captain, and then chose the Owen School of Management at Vanderbilt for his business education. The young man was on a school trip to Tel Aviv in Israel, and he was murdered in a random knife attack by a terrorist. It is hard to think of a sadder end for a great and promising young life. The young Shults couple—my colleague Mr. ROEfrom Tennessee has already mentioned them—outstanding young people, probably no finer couple ever, and a couple with a sense of adventure. They went skydiving, they ran with the bulls in Pamplona, they saw the Eiffel Tower, and then as they were saying goodbye to her mother at the airport, were killed in the terrorist attack. So let us pay tribute to these three outstanding young people. Let’s use their lives as models, and let’s not be daunted by terrorism. We have to meet and beat this threat. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN HONOR OF JUSTIN AND STEPHANIE SHULTS (Mr. BARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, thank you to my colleagues, Congressman ROE and Congressman COOPER , for joining me in remembering our constituents, Stephanie and Justin Shults, two 
promising young lives tragically cut short in the barbaric terrorist attacks on March 22 in Brussels, Belgium. Stephanie Moore Shults was born and raised in Lexington, Kentucky. She was a graduate of Bryan Station High School and of Transylvania University in Lexington. We will never forget this daughter of Kentucky, her love of her family and her husband, and her sense of adventure, as she lived and worked in Europe. We will never forget the anguish felt by Stephanie and Justin’s families as they searched for their children in the aftermath of the attack; we will never forget their grief when they learned what happened; and we will never forget the ideology of evil and religious intolerance that is responsible for taking these two innocent Americans from us. If the terrorists’ objective was to undermine our country’s will to fight extremism or to compel us to surrender our liberty to their oppressive, totalitarian vision of the world, then it has failed. The terrorists’ cowardly act only invigorates our Nation’s resolve to overcome and defeat this evil. As we continue to pray for these families, I would like to ask Congressman ROEand Congressman C OOPER to join me and for all of my colleagues to stand and please join us in a moment of silence and prayer to honor these young American people. 
RECOGNIZING FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY’S RESEARCH ON THE ZIKA VIRUS (Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Florida State University for the important research they are conducting into the deadly Zika virus. In coordination with Johns Hopkins and Emory Universities, Florida State researchers have made crucial breakthroughs that will be useful in slowing or preventing the virus from spreading. As you know, Zika has wreaked havoc across South America, and it poses a great threat to our country, especially to my home State of Florida. There have already been more than 80 Zika cases reported in Florida, and as summer approaches, the situation will likely worsen. We can’t wait any longer. It is time to put politics aside and for Congress to do its job. We must fully fund research, prevention, and response efforts to fight this deadly virus before it spreads. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN COLLINS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of a dear friend, John Collins. John was a man of unwavering courage and dedication to our community and our country. At a very young age, John answered the patriotic call to join our proud Marine Corps, where he served for 23 years. During that time, John fought in the Korean war and was promoted on the battlefield from sergeant to lieutenant. In 1971, after retiring from the military as a major, John moved to Florida, where he began another successful career with the MiamiDade Police Department, where he served 26 years. John was dedicated to his wife, Mary, a good friend with whom he celebrated 50 years of marriage this past September, and he loved their three sons and seven grandsons, three of whom continue John’s legacy of service in our military. John Collins stayed engaged in good causes in our community, joining the Veterans Committee in his hometown of Miami Lakes. May God bless and keep John Collins in his bosom and may his memory live forever in the hearts of those he knew. Semper fi, mi amigo. f 
TODAY WE MARK EQUAL PAY DAY (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today we mark Equal Pay Day, the day when women’s wages finally catch up to what men were paid in the previous year. Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable that in the United States today, women earn on average 79 cents for every dollar that a man makes. For women of color, this gap is even wider, 61 cents for African American women and 55 cents for Latinas. This pay gap is harming working families in every State, particularly harmful to the twothirds of families where women are the primary breadwinners. Lower paychecks mean less money for groceries, less money for rent, less money for child care or other necessities. Mr. Speaker, this has to change. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would make it easier for women to win pay discrimination cases and harder for companies to justify unequal salaries. I urge Republican leaders to bring this bill to the floor for a vote. 
b1915 CONGRATULATING VILLANOVA UNIVERSITY WILDCATS (Mr. MEEHAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the 2016 NCAA Men’s Basketball National Champions, the Villanova University Wildcats. As head coach Jay Wright is fond of saying, Villanova basketball can be defined in one word: attitude. I might say it is an infectious attitude. Over the course of a magical 3week run in the NCAA tournament, the Wildcats showed why. It was a run that culminated in one of, if not the greatest championship games in NCAA men’s basketball history. It was a game that featured two intensely competitive teams, two of basketball’s most talented coaches, and an ending for the ages. Junior Kris Jenkins’ championship winning buzzer beater is the sort of moment that, for millions of kids across this country practicing in the driveways or at their neighborhood parks, dreams are made of. Villanova’s program has a long and storied history of success, both on the court and off, and in the classroom. It is a tradition of humility, grace, and integrity that our entire region can be proud of. Villanova is not a large school, but it has built a worldclass basketball program deeply rooted in its values. I congratulate National Coach of the Year Jay Wright, his players and their families, and the entire Villanova community on their victory. f 
PAYCHECK FAIRNESS ACT (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to talk about my youngest daughter’s future and the future of young women across America. My daughter, Alina, will be graduating high school next month and building a career very soon. My eldest daughter will be graduating with her master’s degree next month. Ten days later, she will be giving birth to her first child. The point I am making is that women across America make 79 cents for every dollar that a man makes for doing the same work. Minority women suffer most when Congress is inactive about making the proper changes to create inequity in our country. Minority women earn as little as 55 on the dollar when they perform the same work that a man does. I pose this question to my colleagues: When we act to close the pay gap, who does this hurt? And the answer is simple: No one is hurt. America benefits. I am proud to support the Paycheck Fairness Act, along with 193 members of the House Democratic Caucus, and I look forward to working with the rest of my colleagues in the House so we can work to implement it in the San Fernando Valley and across the United States of America. Let’s work together to correct this inequity. 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PENNSYLVANIA FISH AND BOAT COMMISSION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission, or the PFBC, on their 150th anniversary. The PFBC was founded on March 30, 1866, following a convention in Harrisburg that was held to investigate water pollution caused by the effect logging in the Commonwealth was having on mountain lakes and streams. The discussion at that meeting prompted the current Governor, Andrew Curtin, to sign a law naming James Worrall as the State’s first Commissioner of Fisheries, creating what would become the Nation’s second oldest fish or wildlife agency. Since its founding 150 years ago, the PFBC has grown to employ more than 400 people and operates on an annual budget of nearly $60 million funded by anglers and boaters through license and registration fees, among other methods. The PFBC is responsible for policing 86,000 miles of Pennsylvania streams, nearly 4,000 lakes, more than 60 miles of Lake Erie’s shoreline, and around 400,000 acres of wetlands. As an avid fisherman, I am proud of the work done by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission in keeping our lakes and streams healthy. 
FUNDS FOR ZIKA VIRUS RESEARCH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, at the beginning of March, I held a briefing in Houston with leaders of the health community and our research community on the Zika virus. At that time, we had at least one case diagnosed in the city of Houston. Since that time, we have watched the Centers for Disease Control travel to Puerto Rico, and we have seen the potential for a Zika epidemic in the United States, first starting in Florida and Texas. There are conditions in our particular area that are susceptible to the transmission of the Zika virus. Today, the Centers for Disease Control has indicated it may be more dangerous than we ever would have expected. Over 2 months ago, I believe, the President submitted to Congress a request for $1.9 billion in an emergency supplemental. All of my constituents in the health profession are begging for this supplemental to be passed. Yesterday I sent out a statement asking for the Speaker and the majority leader to bring the supplemental to the floor. It is an emergency. Having gone through a number of epidemics in our community and in this Nation, it is time that we put the American people’s interests first. It is now the time, Mr. Speaker, to pass the emergency supplemental and save lives. f 
SOUTHWEST BORDER SECURITY (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the connection between drug and human trafficking at the southwest border, where Mexican cartels control both. Last week I traveled to Texas and New Mexico to learn more about this connection. The President’s disregard of our immigration laws is encouraging people to risk their lives to enter the United States, enriching the same cartels that smuggle deadly heroin. Last year in New Hampshire, my home State, more than 400 Granite Staters died of a heroin or opiate overdose. There were nearly 50,000 in the United States last year. That number is, unfortunately, trending upward, despite the best efforts of law enforcement. Border Patrol agents report that cartels are forcing illegal immigrants to carry heroin in exchange for protection. Sanctuary cities serve as way stations in this drug trade. A secure border is a humane border. The Southwest Border Security Threat Assessment Act would compel Homeland Security to develop a better plan. Border agents need more support, as do police, across New Hampshire and this country, working to keep drugs off of our streets. Enforcing interior immigration laws would be an excellent first step. 
EQUAL PAY DAY (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on Equal Pay Day to call for action to close that persistent wage gap that occurs in the workplace to the detriment of women. My grandmother worked all of her life. I would see her leave in the morning and go to the bus stop. She worked at a convalescent home where she made 3 meals a day for 170 people. She worked 6 days a week. On Saturday, she would make an extra meal so they could serve it on Sunday. On Sunday, she would take off work and go to church. When my grandmother could no longer stand on her feet, she retired. She retired on Social Security, which was $484 a month—just enough to live at my mom’s home in her retirement. She had no savings and no pension. One of the reasons is because, even though women work very hard in this country, they don’t get paid what their counterparts—the males—do. And so women are twice as likely to retire in poverty. When women succeed, America succeeds. And that is why I am a proud sponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act. f 
EQUAL PAY ACT (Ms. MCSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, in 1963, the Equal Pay Act was signed into law, making it illegal for an employer to pay women less than a man for the same work. Yet the reality is today, over 50 years later, women are still making less than men. This is unacceptable and something which we all have a stake in fixing. Here in the House, we are working on putting forward new ideas and solutions to empower women to fight for equal pay. We must also continue to encourage young girls to enter STEM and other higherpaying fields and to make sure they know they can be whatever they want to be. Lastly, we must do a better job recognizing that caring for aging parents or children is a responsibility for women and men in our society. Mr. Speaker, I have been fighting my whole life for women’s rights and equality. I know we still have work to do, and I am committed to making equal opportunity for women a reality. After all, this is America, where we pick the best man for the job, even if it is a woman. And that means making sure she is getting paid what she deserves. 
CONGRATULATING RIBAULT HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM (Ms. BROWN of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Ribault High School girls basketball team. Yes, the Ribault High School Trojans basketball team defeated Riverdale Baptist at Madison Square Garden to bring home to Jacksonville the Dick’s Sporting Goods High School National Championship trophy. Beyond a doubt, the Ribault High School girls basketball team is a powerhouse in the State of Florida and across the Nation. Given that the team has won 10 previous State titles and has been ranked as high as ninth in the country, they are a force to be reckoned with. This outstanding achievement is tremendously exciting for the entire Jacksonville community, and I am proud to say once again that, on behalf of the constituents of Florida’s Fifth Congressional District, I hereby honor the Ribault Trojans girls basketball 
team for their 11th State championship and this year’s national title game in New York City’s Madison Square Garden. Go, Lady Trojans, go. 
ACKNOWLEDGING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF JOHN CAVANAUGH (Mrs. COMSTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge the achievements of an individual who has shown his dedication to the future of our Nation through educating our youth. John Cavanaugh attended Georgetown University, where he received his Bachelor of Science in language and linguistics. He began his teaching career at Georgetown Preparatory School in 1973, and shortly thereafter moved to the Congressional Schools of Virginia in 1976. He has shown an exemplary commitment to teaching over what has now become a 40year career. Over the years, Mr. Cavanaugh has taught Spanish, Latin, German, Italian, English as a second language, geography, world history, American history, and government to thousands of students. Currently concentrating on Latin and history, he has shown the same dedication to his students since the first day he walked into the classroom 40 years ago. His knowledge of American history is legendary, and he instills in his students a strong desire to learn, while also encouraging them to explore their own talents. His hard work and passion for education has led him to his peers nominating him for the Washington Post’s Teacher of the Year Award. He has been described as an ‘‘icon’’ and ‘‘shepherd’’ by colleagues and students alike. His unwavering commitment to helping students thrive has been demonstrated through his early morning review sessions and his advisory role to the Yearbook Club and National Junior Honor Society. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to acknowledge Mr. Cavanaugh for his achievements over these 40 years, and I wish him the best going forward. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking him for touching so many lives as a firstclass educator and for his dedication to our youth. 
LEGISLATION TARGETING TRANSGENDER PEOPLE (Mr. HONDA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the hateful and discriminatory legislation targeting transgender people that is sweeping through State legislatures. Right now, there is antitransgender legislation pending before legislatures in Illinois, Kansas, Massachusetts, Missouri, South Carolina, Washington, and Tennessee. Tomorrow, Tennessee lawmakers will vote in committee on House Bill 2414, a bill that would require students to go into genderspecific bathrooms that match the gender on their birth certificate. Yet, Tennessee is one of the few States that does not allow a transgender person to change their birth certificate. It is ultimately a loselose for transgender people. This bill would cause very real emotional harm and put transgender young people in physical danger if they are required to use genderinappropriate restrooms and locker rooms. These antitransgender bills in the States are rooted in fear, animus, and deeply misguided notions about who transgender people are. I speak today as a Member of Congress and as a proud grandfather of a granddaughter who is transgender. These laws do not make us safer. These laws stoke misguided fears. They divide us. We must stand up to these laws and promote our values. f 
b1930 MASTERS WEEK 2016 (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, the first full week of April, since the 1930s, America and the world get a peek at the worldfamous Augusta National Golf Course for Masters Week. Spectators gather in Augusta, Georgia, or join family and friends around the television to watch the world’s most talented golfers compete for the highly coveted green jacket; and for 1 week each year, the world gets a glimpse into Georgia 12 and the wonderful people who live and work there, the district I have the great honor of representing. From the pimento cheese sandwiches to the perfectlymanicured grounds, the rich tradition that encompasses the Masters is truly something special. The course, the creation of the great Bobby Jones, has seen the likes of Arnold Palmer, Byron Nelson, Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, and spectators from all walks of life, making it a living history in the game. Jordan Spieth has been a great champion and made a historic effort to repeat as its champion. Congratulations to this year’s winner, Danny Willett, on his victory and the newest addition to his wardrobe, as well as a big thankyou to the members of the Augusta National Golf Club and all those who worked tirelessly to put the tournament on, which means so much to our district. It was my privilege to welcome all people from around the globe to the world’s greatest sporting event, as we now count down the days until Masters 2017. HONORING COMMANDER KRISTINA DELL’ORCO, UNITED STATES COAST GUARD (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of Commander Kristina Dell’Orco and her service in the United States Coast Guard. Kristina graduated from the United States Coast Guard Academy and was selected to attend Naval flight training, where she trained to pilot fixed wing aircraft. Kristina earned her wings in 1999 and received the Daughters of the American Revolution award, given annually to the Coast Guard graduate with the highest grades. Kristina would go on to win many more awards, including the Coast Guard Commendation Medal and three Coast Guard Achievement Medals. Along with these individual awards, Kristina has trained hundreds of cadets in annual flight instruction as a senior company officer. I serve with Kristina in the Coast Guard Auxiliary and can truly say she is dedicated to her service and this great Nation. It is an honor to recognize Kristina for all she has done for the Coast Guard and this country, and I wish her a happy retirement. 
CARING FOR THOSE BATTLING ALS (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it is estimated that over 30,000 Americans are living with the progressive neurodegenerative disease and condition ALS, or Lou Gehrig’s Disease, at any time. That includes dozens in my Pennsylvania district, including Frank Mongiello and former Naval Officer Matthew Bellina. For those impacted by this disease, the toll is extraordinary, not only on their own wellbeing, but on their family and their finances. Thankfully for Matt and Frank, individuals like Jim Worthington and members of the Newtown Athletic Club have stepped up to offer emotional support and raised more than $200,000 for their cause. While these actions show the commendable efforts of one community, there is more that can be done on their behalf here in Washington. Next week, I will join Matt and Frank in the Nation’s Capital to urge not only for essential ALS funding, but for access to experimental drugs. The bipartisan Right to Try Act would remove the barriers to these trialstage medications for those with a terminal disease like ALS. The compassion of our communities and the longterm benefits of research must not prevent us from taking every 
single step possible in the here and now to care for those battling ALS. 
116TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNITED STATES SUBMARINE FORCE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, just the other day, April 1, marked the 116th birthday and anniversary of the United States Submarine Force. This is the date the U.S. Government accepted the USS Holland, which is SS–1, into the U.S. Navy, again, in 1900. This was pointed out by a good friend and a great patriot and veteran of the Submarine Forces, Jim Gibson of Redding, California, who has served on several different submarines and is a main organizer of the USS Cuttlefish, a veterans submarine group that does many events up in northern California. He pointed that out to me, and I want to acknowledge, again, the great work of our veterans of those subs and what they mean for the security of our Nation. So happy 116th to the United States Submarine fleet. 
A TALE OF TWO CITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is the tale of two cities— not the tale about the cities, but about two examples of America’s great embarrassment and failure to treat a brain disease called mental illness, especially serious mental illness. It is also a tale of Congress’ repeated failure to address this. Despite the cries of millions of Americans to do something about it, what we here in Washington tend to do when we hear of another tragedy that has occurred somewhere in the Nation, the tragedies we know by the names of Sandy Hook Elementary School, or Columbine, or Aurora, Colorado, or Tucson, or Santa Barbara, what Washington tends to do is we have a moment of silence. But the people want and Members of Congress want moments of action, not moments of silence. Let me elaborate on this tale. In this building, the U.S. Capitol, back in the 1990s, two police officers were killed when Russell Weston came into the Capitol seeking a red crystal and ended up shooting these police officers. Under his diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia, he was pushed, with his delusions and hallucinations, to take action. It ended up in tragedy. There was also recently, over the break, another man, Larry Russell Dawson, who has been seen around this Capitol and has once, allegedly, disrupted proceedings in this Chamber and, allegedly, also suffers from some level of mental illness. When he was entering the Capitol Visitor Center, a pistol was seen going through the x ray. When he grabbed that pistol, police officers shot and wounded him. First of all, it is amazing to me that people did not die. We know that the entrance to the Capitol Visitor Center is a highly secure environment with many, many Capitol Police officers. These brave men and women who put themselves between danger and Members of Congress and the public showed tremendous restraint and judgment at that moment. I might add that, many times, when a mentally ill person has a conflict, a violent conflict with a police officer, where they may be reaching into their jacket or may be pointing a pistol or approaching a police officer with a knife, it is estimated between a quarter and a half of those mentally ill people involved in a police encounter end up dead. That is a few hundred each year. Though that is the tale in Washington, D.C., why are we dealing with mental illness as a violent threat instead of in treatment? We deal with it because, in this Nation, sadly, when someone with mental illness has reached that level or they become violent, we call the police. The rules are, which we will look at tonight: prevent people from getting treatment; we do not have enough providers; we don’t have enough places to put people, so we call the police. Now, I should start off by saying the mentally ill are no more likely to be violent than the nonmentally ill; except when you look at those with serious mental illness such as schizophrenia, bipolar, and other illnesses such as that, they are 16 times more likely to engage in an act of violence than someone who is in treatment. Again, a person who is seriously mentally ill and not in treatment is 16 times more likely to engage in an act of violence than someone who is in treatment. On the West Coast, in Seattle, another tragedy was brewing. A man named Cody Miller climbed a tree, a giant sequoia tree in downtown Seattle, and it created something of a furor. First, I want to read parts of an article that appeared in The New York Times on March 29 that describe this to show you how out of touch we are as a society when dealing with mental illness. It said: ‘‘For more than 24 hours last week, Cody Lee Miller perched in a giant sequoia in downtown Seattle, pelting people and cars with pine cones and tearing off branches.’’ Investigators were investigating how much it would cost, using some ‘‘complicated formula that goes far beyond the value of natural beauty,’’ the article said. ‘‘A Seattle tree expert . . . said Mr. MILLER caused $7,800 in damage, according to court documents released this week. Investigators took into account the tree’s age, its potential life span and how much of its lush foliage was denuded. ‘‘The formula, created by professional foresters, goes like this. The trunk is 34 inches in diameter at breast height, an investigator’s report said. The tree has a ‘95 percent species rating,’ a ‘100 percent condition rating’ and a 100 ‘percent location rating’ . . . The sequoia’s predamage value was put at $51,700. But after Mr. MILLER ’s arboreal escapade, the tree lost 15 percent of its value, the documents show, and is now worth only $43,900 . . .‘The damage to the tree was extensive,’ the report said. ‘‘Mr. MILLER was charged on Monday with firstdegree malicious mischief and thirddegree assault. He was also ordered to stay away from the tree by observing ‘no unwanted contact’’’—I repeat, ‘‘by observing ‘no unwanted contact’’’ with the tree. Now, the story goes on to describe trees and sequoias, but not until the very end of the article it mentions Mr. MILLER ’s mother, Lisa Gossett. She said that she had not talked to her son for some 5 years. She saw it on the news and she barely recognized him. See, what was happening is Lisa Gossett and her daughter sat in their Alaska home watching this clip of the man perched in the tree. With their hearts broken, with tears streaming down their faces, Lisa and her daughter soon came to realize they were watching their son and their brother become the latest Internet mockery of a mentally ill person. You see, when Cody Lee Miller climbed this 80foot tree and sat there for 25 hours, he was sporting a bushy beard and ragged clothes, and most Americans were amused by this and they called it #manintree. It was an international viral story overnight. But this was no joke; this was no prank. This was the culmination of untreated mental illness that, once again, our society turned into a joke. And we wonder why there is a stigma, when newspapers like The New York Times write a mocking story like that towards a man who has a disease. Would they have written an article like that if it was about someone with cancer or diabetes or AIDS or any other disease? My guess is no. But somehow, in our society, it is okay to mock a person who is suffering from schizophrenia. 
When he was younger, he was clean cut and rambunctious, loving and happy. Those are the words his friends used to describe him. At a young age, he was diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; however, other than excess energy, like any child, he didn’t sport any behavioral issues. But then, 6 years ago, his mother began to notice an unusual shift in her son’s behavior as he grew increasingly paranoid. Let me note here that serious mental illness, about 50 percent of the time, emerges by age 14, and 75 percent of the time by age 24. It is very, very difficult to predict; although, we have now indicated some 108 genetic markers of schizophrenia and bipolar illness. Still, the issue is many parents have a loving and caring child, then something changes. b1945 His behavior changed when Lisa would find knives stored under her son’s pillow. And when confronting Cody about her discovery, he would simply respond: It is just to keep us safe. As time passed on, Cody’s mental instability progressed. He refused to enter certain stores downtown. When making an exception, Cody would cover his face with a hood, convinced people were constantly staring at him. Following this enhanced paranoia came the emergence of night terrors and constant crying and shouting for his mother during the night. Cody would shriek in fear of the ‘‘evil presence’’ surrounding him. This worrisome behavior continued to escalate as Cody spiraled out of control. He could be found walking down the street in high socks and clown glasses spreading deer bones on the road. He hit a man with a flat tire and began to have dreams of killing his grandmother, going so far as setting her wood shop on fire. At that point, his grandmother said she could no longer handle him and sent him out. He was caught in the revolving door of the United States’ embarrassing and shamefully broken mental health system. He was constantly shuffled between homelessness and incarceration. Lisa pleaded for others to help her son and appealed to the Alaska’s Governor’s office, mental health evaluators, and probation office for assistance. But despite her efforts, Lisa’s attempts to get her son proper treatment seemed hopeless due to the bureaucratic morass that is our mental health care system, which is not really a system at all. She was sidelined from helping her son due to the inefficient system and forced to sit by and watch as Cody eroded over time. We pretend in our own deluded state that all the seriously mentally ill are fully aware of their symptoms and welcome treatment. The fact is many don’t. Forty percent of individuals with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder don’t even recognize that the delusions and hallucinations are not real. This is a medical condition called anosognosia. Anosognosia is also something you see in people with dementia or Alzheimer’s or stroke. It is very real. The person is not aware of their own problem. But somehow we come up with this anthropomorphism which says, well, they can decide for themselves. They cannot decide for themselves when they don’t even know who they are, that they exist, or what planet they are on. They see things differently. They hear things differently. They smell things differently. They encode information differently into their brain. They process it and recall it differently. So for us to say that they just don’t want treatment is a fool’s errand on our part. Can you imagine if we said that, again, to someone with cancer? ‘‘You don’t understand your disease.’’ Diabetic? ‘‘We are going to dismiss you.’’ What if a person clutched his chest in a heart attack and laid unconscious in the street? Would we tell that person ‘‘We are not going to help you until you wake up and tell us to treat you’’? Worse yet, will we say to that person ‘‘We are not going to treat you until you are an imminent danger of killing yourself or killing someone else’’? No. But that is what we do with the mentally ill. The Energy and Commerce Committee’s Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee that I chair had a couple year study paving the way for my bill, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. With 187 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle, my bipartisan measure addresses the shortage of psychiatric beds, clarifies HIPAA privacy laws so families can be allowed to have some compassionate communication and be part of frontline care, and it helps patients get treatment well before their illness spirals into crisis. My legislation has been endorsed by dozens of publications and newspapers, including The Washington Post, The Seattle Times, The San Francisco Chronicle, The Wall Street Journal, and the Pittsburgh PostGazette. Each day I hear from countless families from across the country that we are experiencing a mental health crisis, and they are counting on our efforts to bring positive changes to the mental health system. We cannot let these families down. Lives are depending upon it. We cannot wish this away, and denial is not a treatment. But let me tell you what Americans have to say about this because, as we are dealing with this issue, Americans are wondering why Congress is not acting. Why is Congress being so passive? Why aren’t we doing what we need to do? I want to tell you about a story that I posted on my Facebook page and this picture that I posted as well. This is Cody Lee Miller in court. Look at his hair. Look at his beard. This is a man that obviously has not been taking care of himself. He is in shackles on his ankles and his wrists, chained at his waist, and led by two police officers wearing their purple gloves so they are not at risk of infection while a judge sits in the background. This is a man who was diagnosed with schizophrenia being treated like a criminal. Now, I wrote on my post this: ‘‘Friends, you really can’t make this stuff up.’’ A man who is diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia, #ManInTree, ‘‘who desperately needs psychiatric care is brought in shackles before a judge because he has been charged with first degree malicious mischief and thirddegree assault. What was the outcome? The judge ordered him to stay away from the tree, but he first needs to make his $50,000 bail. ‘‘Just look at this picture and tell me our mental health system isn’t a mess. It is unbelievable. Recall that for 24 hours last week, Cody Lee Miller remained atop a giant sequoia tree in downtown Seattle. Since that time, there has been a greater outpouring of concern over the tree than the plight of this young man who is so clearly in the throes of a psychotic break.’’ I make reference here to that article from The New York Times being far more concerned about the tree than a human being. I wrote further: ‘‘He is ordered to have ‘no unwanted contact’ with a sequoia, yet no concern about getting him into treatment. Such a sad indictment against an abusive system that would order no contact with a tree, yet remains silent on getting the mentally ill into care. ‘‘Cody’s mom talks about his downward spiral and has made it her mission to be a voice for families who desperately want to help their loved ones but are blocked by Federal and State laws that make it impossible to help mentally ill family members. Meanwhile, Congress is still stalling my Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646.’’ This posting must have hit a nerve. Members of Congress follow Facebook pages and Twitter, and we have our social media. Many times when we post something we may hear from a few thousand people. As of a few minutes ago, this posting has led to 1.8 million hits on my Facebook. What is also compelling is, as sad as this story is about this man treated like a prisoner, like a common criminal, instead of getting treatment, are the heartwrenching comments made by the families. I want to read some of them to you. These are people from around the world, really, who have commented on what is happening here. Holly Huntley Perron wrote: ‘‘I agree with Cody’s mom. The real culprits are 
the State and Federal laws that prevent loved ones being able to help family members in trouble.’’ By that I reference laws which say that, unless you are in imminent danger of killing yourself or someone else, no one is going to force you into treatment or laws that say, if this person says that they don’t want help, you can’t make them get help, or if the person in the midst of a delusion says: Don’t tell my mother or my father because they are a part of the CIA or they are a Martian and they are planting thoughts in my brain, the doctors cannot tell the family members when is the next appointment, what is the medication, what is the diagnosis, and how should they treat him. They may say to take him home when the family says: What should I do? We have heard of cases where the doctor says: We can’t tell you because he doesn’t want us to. But the family says: But I am taking him home. What should I do? We can’t tell you. One family member has said to the doctors: Let’s just have a supposition. Just pretend that there was a case where someone with schizophrenia is going to my house. What should I do? And they say: We are not going to tell you. These go on to happen where family members may be in court pleading in tears with the judge: Tell me where my son is. Tell me where my daughter is. Where is my father? My mother? My brother? My sister? Tell me so I can do something with them. A caseworker may be sitting in the courtroom knowing full well where the person is and knowing there are problems, but they say: I can’t tell you. Because we believe their delusions are a reality, that they somehow have a right to be sick instead of a right to be well. James Sobczak wrote: ‘‘My guess is that he will get some mental health services in jail. Evaluate him and see if they can petition him to a psychiatric hospital. This is a process.’’ Here is the problem. When we take the mentally ill people into jail, 80 percent of them get no treatment. Eighty percent of people taken to jail get no treatment. And of those in jail, 40 to 60 percent of those in jail have some level of mental illness and many are severely mentally ill. What happens instead is a person is 10 times more likely to be in jail than in a hospital if they are mentally ill. Once there, they don’t get treatment. They oftentimes are subjected to abuse by other prisoners. They may get in fights with prison guards and then charged with another crime. Because of all these problems, a person with mental illness tends to serve a sentence four times longer for the same crime than a person without mental illness. When you discharge them, they don’t get treatment. So they get involved in this revolving door. But why? Why, in heaven’s name, is jail the right place to send someone with a brain disease? Why is it that Congress doesn’t wake up? Instead of passing so many silly bills all the time, we are willing to let people continue to die, by the way, at a rate of about 10 people an hour. Last year in the United States 41,000 deaths by suicide, 45,000plus deaths by drug overdose, somewhere between 200 and 500 deaths of a mentally ill person confronting a police officer. Thousands—and we don’t even know accurately how many—are people who are homeless and die. One person in Los Angeles died every day who was homeless. And about 200,000 of these homeless people are severely mentally ill people. But we have gotten ourselves accustomed to stepping over them, to ignoring them, and to treating them as an invisible class that doesn’t exist and somehow saying that that is what they want to be when they are not even aware. We think it is comfortable for them to live in filth and squalor. If you add the numbers up, the total number of mentally ill who died last year in this country, it is probably well over 85,000, maybe 100,000, maybe 120,000. I might add that even that lowest number is far greater than the total United States’ combat deaths in the entire Korean war and Vietnam war combined for the length of those wars. In 1 year in America, that is how many died, and what we do here is we throw them in jail or, quite frankly, many of them die in jail as well. Another comment. Jim Holden wrote: ‘‘The ‘system’ is the problem. We can’t help these people because ‘personal choice’ is championed over their health and wellbeing. People on the streets need to be a danger to themselves or others before we can offer muchneeded help. As a social worker I have always found this frustrating.’’ Another woman, Jilly Aliska White, writes: ‘‘My brotherinlaw was just arrested for doing something during a psychotic break from his textbook schizophrenia. My husband’s mom thinks he is finally going to get the help he needs now that he is in the system. Yeah. Right. He is not going to be any better off. They don’t give a rat’s when they can just shuffle him through the corrections system. It breaks my heart to explain this to them but look at the track record of them ‘helping.’’’ Deb Smith writes: 
Unfortunately, our jails and juvenile centers have become mental health facilities. While a person has mental health problems, they also may commit crimes for which they can be arrested and held. This is a very difficult and often a very dangerous situation for everyone involved. It is never as simple as get them treatment, nor is it as simple as just set them free if they commit a crime. The judge has to look at all sides, including the safety of both sides, but for the individual and the citizens in the community and what risk the person may have of further harm to himself or others if released. Cindy Irvin writes: ‘‘There is still a shame and embarrassment about mental illness that totally we don’t understand. And then you have the people who believe that mental illness is a myth. Until these attitudes change— probably by some respected celebrity having a psychotic break—mental health care will stay in the shadows.’’ Beverly Di Mele wrote: ‘‘The problem is the mentally ill have rights, and if they choose not to seek treatment, they have that right. The treatment given to them prior to 1970s was forced and inhumane. They were locked up for decades, medicated, isolated, and restrained. This doesn’t happen much anymore, thank God. They had procedures done on them like prefrontal lobotomies and were subjected to shock therapy. It was cruel and unusual treatment for humans that didn’t happen to see the world as ‘normal’ people did. How would you like to see this treatment forced on your parent, child, or loved one?’’ I agree with most of that. We don’t want those treatments again, except, when she writes ‘‘This doesn’t happen much anymore, thank God,’’ she is wrong. We should never allow again to bring back our asylums with its horrendous treatment. But we have gone from a time of 550,000 psychiatric hospital beds in this country in the 1950s to less than 48,000 now. In the 1950s, the population of the United States was 150 million. Now it exceeds 316 million. There are about 10 million people with severe mental illness, and 40 percent of them—4 million or so—don’t have any treatment. And what happens to them is they go to jail. When we closed these asylums, people didn’t all of a sudden get better. Some got better because of medication. But we traded that psychiatric hospital bed for the prison cell. We traded that psychiatric hospital bed for the emergency room gurney when a person is given a fivepoint tiedown and sedation. We traded that psychiatric hospital bed for the streets and subway grates for the homeless, and we traded that psych bed for the county morgue where many of them die as paupers waiting to be claimed. Lori Welander writes: ‘‘I suffer from major depression and had to do 10 days in jail. While there, they refused to give me my antidepressant medications. This seems to be the norm in my county’s jail. It is pretty sad. This man needs people who care about humanity, not to be treated like this.’’ Rhoda Robinson Brown writes: ‘‘How about when our addicts beg the judges for treatment and get put into prison for years? Most think at least when they are in prison they won’t be able to use drugs. Ask any addict that has been in county prison how easy it is to still get drugs. You will have people say they don’t want their tax money paying for an addict’s treatment. Don’t they realize it costs more to keep them 
in prison for years? Our justice system is so broken.’’ b2000 Indeed, a study done in Arkansas for their legislature found that it cost 20 times more to put a person with mental illness in jail than in an outpatient treatment—20 times more. Listen to this one. Sylvia Blanchard writes: 
As the mother of a bipolar son, my heart goes out to his family because there is no hurt that hurts as much as watching someone you love have this happen in their own life. My son passed away 3 years ago, and I still ache. I have a child who is in the same situation. He needs mental help, then he needs to get treatment to deal with issues in his life that he ignores and uses drugs to hide from it. In and out of jail almost each week. Nothing a parent can do when it’s an adult child. So sad for our system. All States need to look at what Ohio Governor did with his State to turn mental health and drug abuse around. 
This all stems from a bigger problem in that there are too few beds in mental health facilities for children. There is nowhere to get help for them when they’re young and it just leads to messed up adults. 
This is a problem caused by the Federal Government. I told you that we have too few psychiatric beds. One of the biggest culprits of that is Medicaid. For people who are lowincome between the ages of 22 and 64, if you have a psychiatric problem—I can’t make this nonsense up, it is true—a person cannot go to a private psychiatric hospital with more than 16 beds. So where do they go? They put them in an emergency room, they put them in a general hospital psych bed, thinking they are going to save money. But here is what happens. If a person is in a psychiatric hospital bed, it costs about $500 a day. If they go to an emergency room, it could be $3,000 or $4,000 a day. If they go to a general hospital psych unit, it could be $1,000, $1,200, $1,400 a day. The State of Missouri actually did a study on this and found it saved 40 percent of Medicaid dollars by allowing people to go where the care is to a psychiatric hospital to understand that medications can work. I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) on this issue of medications to elaborate on this. BUDDY  CARTER from the First District of Georgia, from Savannah, Georgia, knows well what medications can do when properly prescribed and properly followed to help treat someone. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman has stated, this is a serious problem. This is a problem that I have dealt with as a professional pharmacist for many years. I have dealt with it in my retail setting in my pharmacies, as well as a consultant pharmacist in a longterm care facility in skilled nursing homes. I have seen the advances that we have made in medicine over the years. I have seen us go from only having the original antipsychotics, Haldol, which was always accompanied by a prescription for Cogentin to mask the side effects that the Haldol was going to have. I have seen the evolution of the atypical antipsychotics, which, while they do have some side effects themselves, are nowhere near the side effects that the original antipsychotics had. I do thank the gentleman for bringing this important issue to light, and I do have a few comments that I would like to make. First of all, medication plays a major role in the treatment for many mental illnesses. With the growing burden of mental disorders worldwide, pharmacists are ideally positioned to play a greater role in supporting people with a mental illness. There is a growing amount of evidence to show that pharmacistdelivered services in mental health care help address the barriers that are hurdles for the broader mental healthcare team. Pharmacists have three roles they can play in helping our country address the mental health crisis. First, pharmacists can play a major role in the multidisciplinary teams addressing health care and can support early detection of mental illness. With more pharmacists coming out of school with greater clinical experience, pharmacists can work in new roles, such as in case conferencing or collaborative drug therapy management. These new roles would also benefit from increased pharmacist involvement, such as the early detection of mental health conditions, development of healthcare plans, and followup of people with mental health problems. Secondly, pharmacists can play a role in supporting quality use of medicines and medication review, strategies to improve medication adherence and antipsychotic polypharmacy, and shared decision making. Pharmacists would have a large impact regarding medication review services and other pharmacistled interventions designed to reduce inappropriate use of psychotropic medicines and improve medication adherence. Finally, pharmacists can help address barriers surrounding the implementation of mental health pharmacy services with a focus on organizational culture and mental health stigma. Over the years, the relation between the pharmacist and the physician has become more collaborative and cooperative. With this new relationship, pharmacists can work with physicians to develop strategies to change the attitudes and stigma surrounding mental health. As my colleague from Pennsylvania, Representative MURPHY , continues to fight for this cause, I hope he will consider me and the profession of pharmacy as a friend and collaborator so we can fight to end the mental health crisis in this country. Again, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding me this time and for bringing this most important subject to light. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments and his dedication to this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), who has been absolutely steadfast in his compassion and caring for this. Also, it shows a bipartisan nature of our legislation. He has been instrumental in helping me understand other aspects of this. We made a number of modifications to this bill and will continue to work on these issues together, so I thank my friend. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. MURPHY . I appreciate his courtesy in permitting me to speak with him this evening. The Sun is setting on our Nation’s Capitol. Many of our colleagues have returned to Washington, D.C. They are at dinner, they are with their families, they are meeting with their constituents. I appreciate his being here on the floor this evening to highlight a critical area that he has been so committed to and has worked on so hard because it is something that each and every American needs to address and needs to focus on because we are all in this together. I will say that earlier in my career as a child State legislator, I was part of the deinstitutionalization movement. It made a lot of sense. As my friend has said, we have had over a half million institutional beds. Some of the conditions were not what they should have been. Some of the treatment certainly is nothing that we would accept today. The notion of allowing people to be helped in a deinstitutionalized setting made sense for a lot of people. It is sad to say we didn’t do a good job of implementing it. The institutionalization worked if we were there supporting the people who were deinstitutionalized with medication, with counseling, and with housing. And sadly, when we hit some choppy waters economically in my community and others around the country who followed what was in theory a good model, we found that there were too many people out on their own. Sadly, today, we can see evidence of the failure to do deinstitutionalization right on the streets of virtually every community large and small from coast to coast. I appreciate his efforts to help refocus the Federal partnership. Certainly there is a role for State and local government, there is a role for the private sector, and there is a role for individuals and families. The Federal Government provides resources, provides a framework, provides a legal setting, and we need to make sure that the Federal framework reflects the lessons we have learned and the realities today. I have been pleased that he has been so patient with me and others who 
have carried to him some of the questions and concerns that we have picked up from people in our communities who care about it. He has tackled an area that is complex, it is controversial, and there is room for give and take. I feel in the hours and hours that we have talked about this exchanging information, I have seen that he has done just that. He has drilled down, he has listened, he has incorporated, he has asked more questions, and I appreciate that because I think he is establishing a framework here with a number of our colleagues on a bipartisan basis that will enable this Congress to be able to make real progress that is long overdue. In my community, we are going to open a facility in September. We call it the Unity Center. It is a collaboration between four major hospitals to have a place where we can take people with mental problems out of emergency rooms where they can’t be appropriately treated and where it is costly. All we can do is stabilize them, and then turn them back out on the street until their condition deteriorates where they pose a problem to themselves and others. As he has referenced, too much of our mental health service in this country is to be found behind bars. That is not the appropriate setting. It is not cost effective and it is not humane. We are making a small step in our community where these institutions have come together and have established a memorandum of understanding. They realize they are still going to lose money, but they are not going to lose as much. They are going to be able to give better care to a population that is very much in need. I am hopeful, Mr. Speaker, that we will be able to, as a result of the work that he is doing with this legislation and others who he is working with, that we will be able to focus that Federal partnership yet this year, to be able to have more assistance to our communities to make sure that the Federal programs are tailored to the needs of today and the experience that we have acquired. I am hopeful that we will be able to develop more tools for one of the most important ingredients in this equation, and that is the families who are too often prevented because of the regulatory framework we have. Some of this is understandable, but it shouldn’t be a barrier for families who, in some cases, are the only people who really know the individual, who care about them, and who are equipped to be a vital partner with the mental health system. I look forward to further progress. I look forward to bringing back to you more information from Portland, Oregon, where we are going to have another round table discussion with concerned individuals in government, in the medical profession, and advocacy groups to make sure that the input from my community is completely reflected in this. Let me just say how much I appreciate his time and his effort, being a partner with him in this. I am looking forward to seeing the result before the final gavel comes down on this Congress. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oregon, and truly my friend. I think when people look at Congress and wonder if people can work on issues in a bipartisan way, I am sure if someone looked at our voting record on other issues, we would probably be a bit different. That is okay. What still stands is that we are able to come together with a common issue. I have no idea if this man is Republican, Democrat, registered to vote, nor should that matter to us. I have never asked a patient in my 40 years of practicing. I know he is the same way, too. We do this because compassion dictates. Sometimes we are our brother’s keeper, and we need to do the right things. b2015 I do value your input on this bill. We have made a number of modifications. I know that, in committee, Democrats have offered several amendments which I want to incorporate and which look at specific funding for a number of things. We need more psychiatrists and psychologists. We just have to have them. We have to put money into that. We need more programs in there. We need to bolster community mental health services. We need to make sure that there is oversight over what States are doing with those dollars in order to make sure they are putting dollars into effective programs and not into frivolous ones. That is one of the roles Congress has is to be the watchdog over that. I am proud to say, in front of the Nation, that you have been awesome in this, and I want to continue to work with you. We will solve this will issue. Mr. BLUMENAUER. If the gentleman would yield, I just want to say that one of the areas that is most contentious deals with when people, like the gentleman that you have pictured behind you, are going to be compelled to have treatment. You have been open to being able to refine the protections to make sure—and this is something that varies across the country—that under the auspices of your bill that we have appropriate safeguards to make sure that the rights of the individual are respected but that we acknowledge the fact that, in some cases, the right for people to selfdestruct is illusory. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Exactly. Mr. BLUMENAUER. It is dangerous to them; it is dangerous to society; and it is heartbreaking for their families. I have appreciated our conversations on that, going back and forth, and what you have tried to do to be able to make sure that the balance is struck. I am confident, before we are through, that we can make sure that the other areas that require that giveandtake can, in fact, be met. I would like to thank you for allowing me to speak on behalf of it, and I look forward to the next steps. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, what the gentleman is referring to is also something called assisted outpatient treatment. That is a program whereby 45 States and the District of Columbia—maybe 46 States now—have this. When people have a history of incarcerations, of arrests, of violence and when they are not in treatment, a judge protects their rights and may review their cases in terms of saying they can be put in inpatient care. If the judge says they do not meet the standard of imminent danger of harming themselves or someone else, assisted outpatient treatment is what may be warranted for them, which means the judge simply says: You are going to stay and continue to take your medication. You will continue to see your therapist and work on this. That being the case, when New York State did this, it found a reduction in incarcerations and homelessness by some 70 percent. It was pretty dramatic. It found satisfaction by over 80 percent, and it found costs go down by 50 percent. It is something on which we in Congress need to continue to work. We did pass legislation, which puts the appropriations of $15 million to help States do that, but we have a long way to go. It is a long way to go based upon what I said. I think it is 1,820,000 people so far who have commented. They have seen this on my Facebook page and have commented on it. I want to read some more comments—some heartbreaking lessons—people are making. One is by the name of Kari Butler, who wrote on my Facebook page: 
They are falling through the cracks. Easier to just put them in jail with high bail. They do make medication for people like him, my nephews, which is to say one is in jail now since November—no release until August— mostly because he didn’t follow up like he was supposed to. The prosecutor did a mental evaluation on him to see if he could withstand court, and he concluded he could; but something is not right here. He has assaulted officers and has been tased three times and has not been affected. Five police officers, it took, to get him into the back of a car. They tased him in Walmart—once in front of the whole store. 
On it goes. There are many people with mental illness out there. This person writes: 
I don’t believe public servants have been trained properly to treat mental illness. I don’t know what to do to help people who get the help they need to be productive. 
One might say one of the aspects of our bill is to provide training for police officers—what is called emergency treatment for them. When police officers have been trained in that, we have actually seen—and the police officers like this, too—that they can quickly identify, if this is a mentally ill person 
in crisis, what they can do to deescalate the situation and prevent it from becoming harmful or deadly. Here is another point that has been written by Amethyst Lees: 
First off, the health system is horrible, and I worked inside a mental institution and saw firsthand what it is like. Depending on where I was, the people were not getting their needs met or were being ignored. I even saw an incident where a man was waiting for 15 minutes for two staff members to stop talking about football just to ask for some ice. He never got his ice because he lashed out for being ignored, and, of course, he was restrained in a chair for an hour for getting angry. 
Talk to him. Our mental health system is shameful. I know, as I work daily with this population, many times, their treatment is inhumane. Some with dementia or Alzheimer’s wouldn’t be treated this way if they had a break with reality. It is a sad commentary on our lack of knowledge of dealing with serious mental illness. 
My 13yearold daughter, Morgan, was in police custody for 19 months before she finally received treatment for her schizophrenia. We had to pursue a civil commitment to make it happen. Now she is back in juvenile detention where she has no access to the outdoors and is not allowed to have physical contact with her family. The treatment of the seriously mentally ill by the criminal justice system is appallingly inhumane. 
Two weeks ago, a stranger that I have been married to for 13 years came into my home, sprayed me with pepper spray, took a knife out in front of my two kids, and threatened to cut his throat. The police took him away and put him in a mental health hold. I chose not to press charges and just requested that he get help. This was his second hospital stay in a month. The hold was supposed to be for 7 days. Four days later, he got out, and I am sure because he had a plane ticket out of the State. He convinced someone out there that I was the threat. He denied ever having a knife. He manipulated the system. I received abusive texts before I changed my phone number and he sent terrible emails. I only wish he could get the help he desperately needs wherever he is, but because of the unchecked mental illness, I now have two beautiful girls, without their father, and both needing their own mental health counseling. How do we help our system on all ends? 
If you want people like this young man to get help, we all need to be okay with paying more taxes and closing privatized prisons. The prison system has become the dumping ground for the pervasive mentally ill. 
My uncle has schizophrenia. He disappears for months at a time. I worry constantly about him being hurt by law enforcement. He was living 50 miles away, in the woods, on his father’s property, in a camper, and was threatened with a gun by a neighbor because he was walking in the fields, talking to things only he can see. The cops were called, and they showed up with weapons drawn. Then they took him away and locked him up for a month. He is only 32, but the police assumed he was on drugs. He was having a psychotic episode. There is not enough education in the judicial system about mental illness, and innocent people are being killed through the ignorance. Another woman writes: 
My question is this: As the mom, where should we direct the young people with schizophrenia? Hospital care is effective, but it seems to be temporary: 6 months in and 2 years out; repeat. Has anyone found or used or heard of any successful treatment going on at treatment facilities? 
The answer is yes. Actually, one of the programs in H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, is for something called RAISE, Recovery After an Initial Schizophrenia Episode. We have learned that, since schizophrenia and bipolar illness and severe mental illnesses are emerging in adolescent and young adult years, if one gets to someone early, with a low dose of medication, with proper evidence based treatment, the prognosis is much, much better; but when we don’t treat someone, every time someone has what the lay public calls a nervous breakdown or a psychotic break—a crisis—we have to understand that, over time, these lead to neurological damage. These are not harmless episodes. This is not just someone who gets upset. This is a real psychiatric disorder that comes from the brain and leads to problems, and that is why we see these problems grow. Here is someone who doesn’t quite understand the problem. A woman by the name of Julie writes: 
I am very much against the families of mentally ill patients having the power to put their loved ones away against a patient’s will. Let the doctors determine if the patient has a problem, not the family. Often, the family just doesn’t want to deal with the illness, so they want the person to go away. 
Julie, you don’t know what you’re talking about. There are more of us that do care, but because of the mental health laws, we are unable to make decisions for very sick family members. People with schizophrenia don’t realize they are sick. They think their hallucinations are real, along with the commanding voices they hear. So how can such an ill person make a logical decision to get the help they need? The answer is: they can’t. The doctors have to follow the laws that are in place, which is they cannot recommend committing a person unless they are an immediate threat or danger to someone or themselves. Yes, Julie. There are some families that don’t want to be bothered, but I was not one of them. I highly recommend you to do research on the subject before you spout your ideas. Read the Federal and State laws. 
Indeed, that is what we are trying to do with H.R. 2646. There are a couple of thousand more comments on my Facebook page, Mr. Speaker, and I certainly ask people to go and read them. They are heartbreaking. They are horrifying. They are tragic. They are true. They go on and on because our Nation refuses to acknowledge this. Until we pass this bill and start making changes—we can predict it—in the time that I have been speaking here, there have been several more suicides; there have been more homicides; there have been more mentally ill people whom we have abandoned; there have been people who have had chronic illnesses and who have died, because the people with serious mental illness, for multiple reasons, tend to die 10 to 25 years sooner than the rest of the population because of the fact that 75 percent of those with mental illness have at least one chronic illness, 50 percent have at least two chronic illnesses, and a third have at least three chronic illnesses. I mean things like heart disease, lung disease, infectious disease, diabetes. They get sick and they, oftentimes, are not treated. Many times, they don’t seek treatment. We let them go in this slowmotion death spiral and ignore them. We have closed the hospitals. We have put them in prisons. If they are out of control and if the police bring them to the emergency room and if there are no beds available, they tie them down to the gurney, where they may wait for days—or weeks, in some cases—where they are, perhaps, given some sedative—a chemical straightjacket, if you will—to calm them down. That is not treatment. That is abusive. That is our Nation that is doing it, and Congress is culpable in this because we refuse to act. Once again, there will be a tragedy somewhere. I shudder to think—and I hope it is not anybody here who is injured—that, somewhere out in America today, this is going to happen. Once again, we will gather for a moment of silence; the gavel will come down; and we will go back to our regular order of business. It is sad and it disgusts me, but that is what we face: all of this closing of hospitals and not opening up community mental health; Medicaid’s saying you can’t see two doctors in the same day; Medicaid’s saying you can’t go to a hospital with more than 16 beds; HHS’ saying we can’t tell parents anything, so they are left in the dark; the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, which funds programs that teach people to make collages, to do interpretive dances, to get off their medication, to make masks and other things that have nothing to do with serious mental illness. We need to change the system, and that is what H.R. 2646 does. It takes that office of SAMHSA and changes it so that the director of it is the Assistant Secretary of Mental Health and Substance Abuse. That person needs to be a doctor or a psychiatrist who is trained, either an M.D. or an osteopath or a psychologist, but someone who understands the field and not just someone who is saying: Well, let’s just do these other ‘‘feel good’’ programs. The city of New York just did this, too, where the mayor put up hundreds of millions of dollars for programs that were, supposedly, for the mentally ill. They weren’t for the mentally ill at all. They were programs like parks and bike trails and ‘‘feel good’’ programs to 
help people with sadness, not to deal with depression and serious mental illness. How long can we continue to fool ourselves? As for this whole idea that says ‘‘leave it up to them if they want to choose; don’t provide them the help; make it the most difficult for those people who have the most difficulty,’’ all of this, Mr. Speaker, is more commentary and evidence of the grand experiment of stopping all treatment under the misguided, selfcentered, and projected belief that all people who are mentally ill are fully capable of deciding their own fate and direction, regardless of their deficits and disease, and that they have the right to self decay and selfdestruction, which overrides their right to be healthy. The most fundamental, dangerous, and destructive hidden undercurrent of prejudice is the low expectation that your disability is as good as it gets. b2030 The shift to consider changes in how we treat severe mental illness is the pendulum that needs to swing the other way. The grand experiment has failed in closing down all the institutions and care and stopping all treatment and not allowing community mental health. It is a principle that operated under the misguided, selfcentered belief that people are always fully capable of deciding their own fate, regardless of their deficits and disease, and the right to selfdecay and selfdestruction overrides this right to health. In so doing, we have come to comfortably advocate our responsibility to action and live under this perverse redefinition that the most compassionate compassion is to do nothing at all. It further bolstered the most evil of prejudices that the person with disabilities deserves no more than what they are. Under that approach, no dreams, no aspirations, no goals to be better can even exist. Indeed, to help a person heal is a headon collision with the bigoted belief that the severely mentally ill have no right to be better than what they are and we have no obligation to help them. This is the corrupt evil of the hands off approach in the antitreatment model, and that perversion of thought is embedded in the glorification that to live a life of deterioration and paranoia and filth and squalor and emotional torment trumps a healed brain and the true chance to choose a better life. This is the movement of hatred and stigma toward the mentally ill disguised as the right to let them be sick. That hatred may be embedded in our own anger, our own resentment, and one’s own past experiences projected as blame or misattribution of the lives of others or maybe our own fear and loathing of the mentally ill. Either way, the outcome is tragically the same. So we can have more moments of silence or we can have times of action. I hope the Energy and Commerce Committee picks this up. I hope that more Members of Congress will sign on as cosponsors of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families of Mental Health Crisis Act. The day that bill signs into law, it will begin to save lives. It will begin to make a difference in people’s lives. Of all the other things we do down the road here for images or to push polling—I can tell you this, that the polling on this bill is in 70s and 80s. As politicians, we think, wow, if something polls at 55 percent, vote for it. My concern is: Will America wake up and look toward Congress here and say: When we had a chance to do something to save lives, did we act, or are we once again just caught up in moments of silence? Thomas Jefferson said something along the lines of: ‘‘Indeed I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just and His justice cannot sleep forever.’’ We are in that same position now. We can either have the courage to stand up, take action, and help the mentally ill or we can sit in silence. I hope this Chamber soon takes up H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Thank you to Congressman TIMMURPHY  for hosting this important special order to discuss our country’s current mental health system. For more than two years now, I have worked with Congressman MURPHY on H.R. 2646, a bipartisan piece of legislation that has garnered support from patients, caregivers, psychiatrists, psychologists, law enforcement, and even editorial boards. As two of the few mental health providers serving in Congress, our bill reflects not only what we have learned in our own careers, but feedback from stakeholders, families, organizations, other members of Congress, and addresses many of the policies that we can change now to help patients struggling with severe mental illness and substance use disorders. An amended version of H.R. 2646 passed the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health in November of 2015. Since then, there has been no action. I have continued to talk with members of my community about mental health issues and they demand action. It is now April of 2016 and we must move forward on the issue of mental health. The American people expect, deserve, and demand it. H.R. 2646 takes a strong step forward in mental health reform. As days pass with no action, people are denied beds, denied care, and are floating through the pervasive cycle of mental illness without attention. Everyone deserves care. I truly hope that my colleagues will work with me to pass this bill for the sake of those who truly matter. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3340, FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL REFORM ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3791, RAISING CONSOLIDATED ASSETS THRESHOLD UNDER SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY POLICY STATEMENT Mr. STIVERS (during the Special Order of Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–489) on the resolution (H. Res. 671) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3340) to place the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research under the regular appropriations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Financial Research, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3791) to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2666, NO RATE REGULATION OF BROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS ACT Mr. STIVERS (during the Special Order of Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–490) on the resolution (H. Res. 672) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2666) to prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
DEMENTIA AND ALZHEIMER’S The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, my colleague just finished a very good recitation of the problems of mental health. I am going to pick up another piece of this issue which has to do with dementia and Alzheimer’s, which I believe the gentleman spoke to very briefly during his presentation. I thank him for his concern and for the work that he has been doing these many years on this profoundly important issue of brain health. My role tonight will be kind of working off the previous presentation and taking it just a little bit in a slightly different direction, and it has to do with dementia and Alzheimer’s, which is obviously a rather important issue. 
I want to just put up a couple of placards here to try to demonstrate the overall nature of this problem. One way to look at it is just in terms of the numbers, and the numbers are staggering. The number of people: Right now in America, there are about 5.1 million Americans with Alzheimer’s. We expect that number to grow not just because the baby boomers are moving into their older years, but also because of the growth of the population and the increasing incidence of Alzheimer’s. If you look at this chart, you can see it growing over the years so that, in about 2050, we expect to have 13,800,000 Americans with Alzheimer’s. It is not just an issue with individuals who are suffering, whose lives are seriously disrupted. It is a serious issue for the financing of this Nation. If you look at this, you can see this line of growth in the number of Americans with Alzheimer’s and you can see the everrising cost. These are not inflated numbers. These are constant dollars over the years. So when we reach 2050, not too many years from now, we are going to see an extraordinary expense of nearly three quarters of a trillion dollars annually spent with the MedicareMedicaid budget. Now, many, many people on this floor are concerned about deficits. We all are. The deficits are driven by many issues: the everincreasing cost of programs, new programs, increasing military expenditures, the growth of Medicare, Social Security, and the like. Well, Alzheimer’s is the single biggest budget issue within all of those programs. Under the MedicareMedicaid programs, it is going to explode— you can see what we are looking at here—from $153 billion in 2015 to three quarters of a trillion, $735 billion, in the year 2050. This will bust the budget. Many of the deficits that we are so concerned about, in fact, that are in play today, as this House has been unable with our Republican majority to fashion a budget and all of the disruptions that that creates and then the ongoing appropriation process, which is delayed and made rather confusing as a result of not having a budget—inherent in that debate is the everincreasing cost of Medicare and Medicaid. Well, why is it increasing? Well, largely it is increasing because of these types of illness, such as Alzheimer’s. You can see here what we are looking at, almost a $30 billion increase in just the next 4 years—or 3 years, actually. So no wonder we are unable to get control of our budgets and our appropriations here when we are faced with this inexorable increase in an illness that affects every family in America. It has affected my family. My motherinlaw spent the last 3 years of her life living with my wife Patty and I in our home where we took care of her. We were fortunate enough to be able to have a day nurse come in. But then in the early morning and on through the evening and night, my wife and I were responsible for caring for my mother inlaw. It was a duty that we found to be very worthwhile. It was a duty that brought our family together in close relationship as we watched this illness take hold of a lovely lady, a very smart, very capable woman who became ultimately an invalid and died of this disease. It is not unique. Millions of families across this Nation are taking care of their husband, wife, mother, father, and mother or fatherinlaw as Alzheimer’s creeps into their family’s life. Now, this problem can be addressed. We know there is a solution. This is not a hopeless case. Five years ago, if I were standing here, I would probably say that this is simply hopeless and we are going to be faced with these costs no matter what happens. That is not the case today, not at all, because today research is having an effect. Let me show you what research has done on other illnesses that plague Americans and, indeed, humans around the world: Breast cancer: Well, we have had an enormous increase in breast cancer research. We have seen a 2 percent decline in the number of deaths from breast cancer. Similarly, we have looked at other cancers, like prostate cancer, and we have seen an 11 percent decline in the deaths from prostate cancer. Heart disease: There is an enormous amount of money going into heart disease, less than for cancer, but, nonetheless, an enormous amount of money. We have seen a 14 percent decrease in deaths from heart disease as a result of treatments that are now available. Research money led to those treatments. Stroke: There is a 23 percent decline in the number of deaths from strokes. Again, research money into heart disease, into diseases of the circulatory system, have resulted in very, very significant decreases in the deaths. HIV/AIDS: Dramatic. There has been an enormous amount of money spent into research of HIV/AIDS. The result? There has been a 52 percent decrease in the deaths from HIV/AIDS. So we know that, if we spend money on research, we will see a decline in the death rate from those illnesses. Alzheimer’s disease: In 2015, we spent just over 20 percent of the amount of money on researching Alzheimer’s disease as we did on heart disease and on cancer. So don’t be surprised with this chart. There is a 71 percent increase in the death rate from Alzheimer’s. There is a relationship here. There is a relationship between the investment that we make in research and the resultant increase or decrease in the disease. In the case of cancer of nearly all kinds, we have seen a significant and, in many cases, dramatic decline in the death rate from those cancers. In the case of heart disease, similarly, money spent on research, on more effective treatments, and on drug treatments has resulted in a very significant decrease in strokes and other heart disease issues. HIV/AIDS is the most dramatic where, again, research is leading to better lives, longer lives, less death and less cost. Alzheimer’s? No. No. In 2015, we spent just over $500 million. Is there a lesson for us here? You bet there is. Here is the lesson: You invest up front. You invest up front with research. I want to thank the President. I want to thank the Members of Congress and the Senate, who, in this current year’s appropriation, 2016, have added another $300 million to the Alzheimer’s research program. Let me put another chart up here. Alzheimer’s spending, research versus treatment: In 2015, Medicare and Medicaid will spend over 261 times as much on treatment as the NIH will spend on research toward a cure. So, in 2015, a year ago, we spent $153 billion on treating—this is Medicare and Medicaid, not private insurance, not money out of individual pockets— we spent $153 billion of your Federal tax money on caring for Alzheimer’s. That was 261 times the amount of money spent on research. b2045 Now, let’s see, let’s be accurate here because we did have an increase, as I just said. We have actually spent $936 million in 2016 on Alzheimer’s research. So this 261 times is significantly less now. But we are not at the goal. We are not at the goal that we want to have in place for the treatment and the care of Alzheimer’s. The goal of the Alzheimer’s Association is to raise the amount of research money to the level of about $1.5 billion. It is anticipated—and I will explain why this is a sound anticipation—it is anticipated that if we were to be able to spend that amount of money in 2017, keeping in mind that we are now just under a billion dollars for research, but if we bring it up another $500 million to $1.5 billion, if we were to do that, it is anticipated that by 2025—that is just 9 years from now—we would see a dramatic change in the incidence of Alzheimer’s. Many people would not be suffering from it, and those who do would see the onset of Alzheimer’s pushed back into their later years so that they would be able to live a better, more sound, mentally sound life and more productive life and, for the taxpayers of this Nation, a significantly reduced amount of Federal support through Medicare and Medicaid. How much does it amount to? So if we spent that $936 million this year and in the next year ramp it up another 200 and in the following year another $300 million so that we get to the goal of $1.5 billion of research in the years between now and 2020, we would see a dramatic reduction and a 
dramatic improvement in the lives of Americans, much better lives. If this were available to my mother inlaw, perhaps she would have been able to live another 2, 3, 5 years without the onset of Alzheimer’s. And what would that mean to the quality of her life as well as to her family’s? So let’s assume that the research pushes back the onset of Alzheimer’s by 5 years, so that in 2025 what would we see? Well, for Medicare and Medicaid, we would see in the years 2025 to 2030 a 121 billiondollar reduction in the cost to Medicare and Medicaid to your taxpayer dollars, and from 2025 to 2030— that is 10 years of the new treatments being in place—we would see a half trilliondollar reduction in the cost of Medicare and Medicaid. Now, this isn’t pie in the sky. This isn’t just wishful, hopeful thinking and a prayer and a song. This is a real possibility. Those of you who have been reading the press or listening to the television news programs over the last year, you will note a significant change from hopelessness to hope. Yes, hope. There is real hope that we will be able to attack this debilitating dementia Alzheimer’s, that we will be able to delay the onset and quite possibly stop it, to cure it. Now, that may be off into the future, but we are now gaining an understanding because of the research that is being done on Alzheimer’s and much of the research that was discussed earlier in the discussion of mental health programs and research that is going on by the United States military as they attack the problem of posttraumatic stress and brain damage from the men and women who have served in the recent wars. All of that research is coming together with an understanding of how the human brain works, what the elements are that cause the damage of mental health, schizophrenia, and post traumatic stress, as well as brain damage, perhaps for the football players in the NFL and beyond. So here is what we are going to do. We are going to fight this year to increase this funding from beyond $236 million to just over $1 billion. We know it is a tough budget year. We know that the Republicans have been unable to even come to grips to put together a budget, let alone increase the appropriations. But where could money be better spent than on research that is actually moving forward toward an understanding of what Alzheimer’s is and how the brain is attacked, how we can stall—not yet reverse, but stall the onset of the damage that occurs as a result of Alzheimer’s. We have seen it. You have seen the stories. We know that drug treatments that were once thought to be ineffective, treatments that were done in the mid1990s didn’t work, or so they thought. Then some statisticians looked at those results of those drug trials and noticed something really important. They noticed that while the overall program didn’t seem to work, they noticed that there was a subset of patients who were being treated by that drug, and they noticed that that subset was the early onset of Alzheimer’s, and what they noticed was that that drug seemed to push back, seemed to hold steady that onset of Alzheimer’s. Whoa, it was a eureka moment that maybe using drugs of that type applied early in the process would result in the delay, the arresting of the Alzheimer’s onset. That is what we are talking about here. If we are able to invest this money in research, we can see the probability that there are a series of drugs that do have an effect on the onset of Alzheimer’s and seem to delay that onset. Each year that goes by, what is the effect for the individual, for the family of the individual? It means their life will be better. It means that the kind of stress, strain, and financial cost that is put on a family with Alzheimer’s will be arrested. It will be delayed. Not 1 year, maybe 2 years, maybe 3, maybe 5 years. And the cost is enormous. As I said before, if we are able to do this increased research over the next 3, 4, 5 years, working on those series of drugs that now seem to have an effect, we will be able in the years 2025 to 2030 to save you, the taxpayers, and us, the appropriators of your tax money, over $120 billion in the years 2025 to the year 2030. In 5 years beyond that, that 10 year period, a half trillion dollars. So if you are worried about the deficit—and we all are—if you are worried about how we are going to put together a 5year budget, which is what we do, then look at this investment. If you are worried about the effect of Alzheimer’s in your family or on yourself, there are 435 of us in this House and another 100 over in the Senate. Listen, onethird of us are likely to die of Alzheimer’s in the years ahead. So if you don’t care about the family, you don’t care about Americans, care about yourself. Onethird of us are destined. If you happen to be a female, the odds are even greater. So what is this all about? Well, we are somehow grappling with the budget, the 5year budget. We can’t seem to get it together. Enormous chaos on the side of my Republican colleagues about how to do it. The appropriation process is underway and totally stalled out until at least May 15. There is a solution. A small investment, a very small investment, and then we can look at the longterm deficit. Then we can be in a position to improve the lives of Americans. Oh, by the way, the money is available. The money is available. In the budget and in the appropriations we are putting together, we are ramping up so that over the next 20 years, 25 years, we are going to spend a trillion dollars—a trillion dollars—on a brand new nuclear arms race. We are going to rebuild all of our nuclear bombs. We are going to develop new airplanes to deliver those bombs, new satellites, new rockets, new cruise missiles, new submarines. A trillion dollars. Well, I have got a better place to spend some of that money. I have got a better place to spend it, where the lives of Americans will be significantly improved, where the stress on families throughout this nation will be less, where the budgets of this country will not be busted, where this curve, where this curve will be flattened, where we will not in the year 2050 spend over a trillion dollars a year, a trillion dollars a year caring for people who have Alzheimer’s. Threequarters of that money is your tax money. You can go back here, 2020, and start spending a couple of hundred million dollars, a couple of hundred million dollars on research, on promising treatments for Alzheimer’s, and then beginning in 2025, watch this curve begin to flatten out. Now, for me and for many of us in this room, we are not going to be out here in 2025, but our children and grandchildren will be, and they will be caring for us unless we begin to make these investments now in research. So in the next couple of weeks, the men and women in purple will be here in Washington, D.C., as they do every spring, advocating for Alzheimer’s research, for the caregivers, and for the families, and we ought to be paying attention. The money is in the budget somewhere. All we need to do is to find it, move it from a few nuclear weapons over to research, delay the expenditure of a new ballistic missile or intercontinental ballistic missile, and spend it on something that affects every American every day of this year and every day of the years in the future, and that is Alzheimer’s. It is a good investment. It is an investment in the quality of life. It is an investment in our effort to reduce the deficit, and it is an investment in America’s future. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DEFAZIO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of personal business in district. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 13, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE: Committee on Foreign Affairs. H.R. 1567. A bill to authorize a comprehensive, strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, promote inclusive, sustainable agriculturalled economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–482). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2908. A bill to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States; with an amendment (Rept. 114–483). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4392. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an annual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by Federal employees; with an amendment (Rept. 114–484). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4358. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to enhance accountability within the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–485). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2615. A bill to establish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission; with an amendment (Rept. 114–486). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2733. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–487). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3586. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve border and maritime security coordination in the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–488, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. STIVERS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 671. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3340) to place the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research under the regular appropriations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Financial Research, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3791) to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–489). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 672. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2666) to prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from regulating the rates charged for broadband Internet access service. (Rept. 114–490). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3586 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. JACKSON LEE, and Mr. CICILLINE ): H.R. 4899. A bill to restore statutory rights to the people of the United States from forced arbitration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4900. A bill to establish an Oversight Board to assist the Government of Puerto Rico, including instrumentalities, in managing its public finances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. KLINE, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. FOXX, Mr. B LUM, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. WALKER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. F RELING HUYSEN , and Mr. B RAT): H.R. 4901. A bill to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Ms. MCSALLY ): H.R. 4902. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ALLEN: H.R. 4903. A bill to prohibit the use of funds by Internal Revenue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. TED LIEU of California, Ms. DUCKWORTH , and Mr. C UMMINGS ): H.R. 4904. A bill to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 4905. A bill to restore the ability of law enforcement authorities to enforce gun safety laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. MEADOWS ): H.R. 4906. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility of employees of a land management agency in a timelimited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Federal agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. TIBERI , Mr. N UNES , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas): H.R. 4907. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow taxfree distributions from individual retirement plans to donoradvised funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. NOLAN ): H.R. 4908. A bill to provide rental assistance to lowincome tenants of certain multifamily rural housing projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself and Mr. SMITH of Washington) (both by request): H.R. 4909. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 4910. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to require that the POW/MIA flag be displayed on all days that the flag of the United States is displayed on certain Federal property; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 4911. A bill to impose criminal penalties for the unsafe operation of unmanned aircraft; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mr. RANGEL, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. PASCRELL , and Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 4912. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce taxpayer burdens and enhance taxpayer protections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MULVANEY: H.R. 4913. A bill to ensure the sufficient capitalization of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and prevent any further bailout of such enterprises by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 4914. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to place limitations on the possession, sale, and other disposition of a firearm by persons convicted of misdemeanor sex offenses against children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Ms. EDWARDS ): H.R. 4915. A bill to designate the Civil War Defenses of Washington National Historical Park comprised of certain National Park System lands, and by affiliation and cooperative agreements other historically significant resources, located in the District of Columbia, Virginia, and Maryland, that were part of the Civil War defenses of Washington and related to the Shenandoah Valley Campaign of 1864, to study ways in which the Civil War history of both the North and South can be assembled, arrayed, and conveyed for the benefit of the public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Ms. PINGREE ): H.R. 4916. A bill to reauthorize the program of the Department of Veterans Affairs under which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs provides health services to veterans through qualifying nonDepartment health care providers; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. BUCK, Mr. P ALMER , and Mr. RIBBLE ): H.R. 4917. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to terminate the essential air service program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself and Mr. KATKO ): H.R. 4918. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue guidance for the safe prescribing of opioids for the treatment of acute pain; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. ADERHOLT , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. RANGEL , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. CARSON of Indiana): H.R. 4919. A bill to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. HAHN, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C LEAVER , and Ms. N ORTON ): H. Con. Res. 127. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that a commemorative postage stamp should be issued in honor of the Buffalo Soldiers; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HONDA (for himself and Ms. NORTON ): H. Res. 670. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 5, 2016, as a ‘‘National Day of Reason’’ and recognizing the importance of reason in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H. Res. 673. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Internal Revenue Service should provide printed copies of Internal Revenue Service Publication 17 to taxpayers in the United States free of charge; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MULVANEY (for himself, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. GOWDY , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina): H. Res. 674. A resolution recognizing linemen, the profession of linemen, the contributions of these brave men and women who protect public safety, and expressing support for the designation of April 18, 2016, as National Lineman Appreciation Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. SPEIER , Ms. ADAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. BLACK , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. COSTA , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D OLD, Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F OSTER, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. KIND, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. MEEHAN , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. VAN HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): H. Res. 675. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. N ORTON, and Mrs. L AWRENCE ): H. Res. 676. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that public servants should be commended for their dedication and continued service to the United States during Public Service Recognition Week, the week of May 1 through 7, 2016; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
195. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 223, memorializing the Congress of the United States to enact the Retail Investor Protection Act and also to enact legislation that prohibits the United States Department of Labor from amending fiduciary duty regulations to define retirement savings brokers and agents as fiduciaries, including those previously not deemed fiduciaries; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Financial Services and Education and the Workforce. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. PASCRELL introduced a bill (H.R. 4920) for the relief of Malachy McAllister, Nicola McAllister, and Sean Ryan McAllister; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 4899. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4900. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, section 3, clause 2 By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 4901. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and Clause 17 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 4902. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 24: Mrs. NOEM, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl vania and Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H.R. 27: Mr. SHUSTER . H.R. 188: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 225: Ms. ADAMS , H.R. 239: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 241: Mr. CONAWAY . H.R. 247: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Ms. K APTUR, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 317: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 386: Mr. TAKAI. H.R. 472: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 525: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 539: Mr. VELA. H.R. 542: Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 546: Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 584: Ms. FOXX. H.R. 592: Mr. YOHO, Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, and Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 649: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Ms. KUSTER . H.R. 654: Mr. MOOLENAAR and Mr. J OYCE . H.R. 662: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 703: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H.R. 711: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 775: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 793: Mr. REED, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 799: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 815: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 836: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 842: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 921: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. RUIZ, and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 923: Mr. LAMBORN and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 952: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 973: Mr. CAPUANO and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ . H.R. 986: Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. R OYCE , and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1095: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 1112: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1170: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 1172: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 1193: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1197: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 1218: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. LEE, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. BONAMICI , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. FATTAH , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 1220: Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. S TIVERS. H.R. 1221: Mr. FARR, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. CONYERS , Mr. J ONES , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , and Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 1233: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1247: Mr. FATTAH and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 1299: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 1301: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 1302: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 1355: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 1399: Mr. ENGEL , Mr. S CHIFF and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 1427: Ms. HAHN, Mr. P ERRY , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. GOWDY , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. MULLIN , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. N EAL. H.R. 1453: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida and Mr. DENT. H.R. 1457: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. OLSON , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. WELCH . H.R. 1459: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1486: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 1538: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 1559: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. GOWDY , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 1571: Mr. BEYER and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 1602: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia and Mr. HIGGINS . H.R. 1603: Mr. LAMALFA , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. RYANof Ohio, and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 1728: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 1733: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1761: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1784: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 1821: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1858: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 1882: Mr. ASHFORD . 
H.R. 1933: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1941: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 1950: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 1961: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 2001: Mr. HUELSKAMP . H.R. 2016: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2036: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 2167: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 2170: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 2180: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 2193: Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 2205: Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia. H.R. 2215: Mr. DUFFY and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 2260: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 2313: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2315: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. HUELSKAMP . H.R. 2342: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2346: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 2404: Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, H.R. 2405: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2450: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 2460: Mr. VANHOLLEN . H.R. 2493: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2515: Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 2533: Mr. ENGEL , Ms. M ENG, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2540: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2597: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 2646: Mr. BOST. H.R. 2680: Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 2694: Mr. POCAN and Ms. E STY. H.R. 2710: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 2715: Mr. HECKof Washington and Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 2726: Mr. LATTA and Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 2737: Ms. MENG, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. ISSA, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. RIGELL . H.R. 2739: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. WALDEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 2773: Mr. FOSTER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2799: Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. JOYCE , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. T AKAI. H.R. 2802: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 2817: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. EDWARDS , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 2826: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2848: Mr. KINGof Iowa and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 2867: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. HIGGINS , Mr. K EATING , Ms. E STY, and Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 2896: Mr. ZINKE and Mr. M CHENRY . H.R. 2903: Mr. JORDAN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 2932: Mr. HIGGINS . H.R. 2948: Mr. LEWIS, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. MOORE , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. ASHFORD , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 2980: Mr. KING of New York, Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. G RAYSON. H.R. 2992: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 3007: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. RUSH, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3012: Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 3019: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 3048: Mr. WESTMORELAND . H.R. 3074: Mr. LANCE and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 3080: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 3084: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3099: Mr. CRAMER , Ms. C LARK of Mas sachusetts, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Ms. ESTY, and Mr. D OLD. H.R. 3119: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3142: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 3164: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. S PEIER , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3173: Mr. ZINKE. H.R. 3209: Mr. PASCRELL , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. NEAL. H.R. 3222: Mr. THORNBERRY and Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah. H.R. 3225: Mr. BOUSTANY . H.R. 3229: Mr. VISCLOSKY and Mr. F ATTAH . H.R. 3235: Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. FATTAH , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. SWALWELL of California, and Mr. T AKAI. H.R. 3250: Mr. OLSON and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 3294: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3308: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 3316: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 3323: Mr. JOYCE and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 3326: Mr. BRAT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 3339: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 3356: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 3377: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali fornia. H.R. 3410: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3463: Ms. BROWN of Florida, Miss R ICE of New York, and Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 3523: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 3632: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. F ARR, Mr. LANGEVIN , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3646: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. H.R. 3652: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 3687: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 3690: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 3691: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut, and Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana. H.R. 3694: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3705: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 3713: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 3724: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 3767: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 3799: Mr. BRAT, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 3808: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 3817: Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. D ELBENE, and Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. H.R. 3849: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3892: Mr. HUELSKAMP , Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. BRAT, and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 3929: Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. B OST, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. Graves of Missouri, Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. NEUGEBAUER , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. TIPTON , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. C ULBER SON, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. NUGENT , Mr. L ONG, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. WALZ, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. LUCAS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 3965: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3981: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3982: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4003: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 4019: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. D ELANEY , and Ms. EDWARDS . H.R. 4023: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 4048: Mr. COOK. H.R. 4055: Mr. BEYER and Mr. F ATTAH . H.R. 4057: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4062: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 4073: Mr. LATTA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. M EEHAN, and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 4116: Ms. SINEMA , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4137: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. H AHN, Mr. CAPUANO , and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 4153: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4167: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 4169: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4210: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 4216: Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. HURTof Virginia. H.R. 4223: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4229: Mr. JOYCE and Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 4257: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. H.R. 4262: Mr. LANCE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan sas, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. W OODALL , and Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 4264: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 4293: Mr. AMODEI , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4294: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 4296: Mr. MCDERMOTT . H.R. 4298: Mr. KINDand Mr. M CCLINTOCK , H.R. 4301: Mr. JOYCE , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 4313: Mr. HARDY . H.R. 4342: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. H IGGINS . H.R. 4352: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 4365: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. Z INKE, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. WALDEN , Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mr. D IAZBALART , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4396: Ms. MOORE , Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 4399: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 4403: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4422: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 4439: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 4450: Ms. PINGREE and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 4460: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. R ANGEL . H.R. 4481: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. T ED LIEUof California. H.R. 4488: Mr. HONDA , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. KAPTUR , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4499: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4505: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4509: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4511: Ms. ESTYand Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 4514: Mr. POMPEO , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. BRAT, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4532: Mrs. WAGNER and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 4534: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 4547: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4549: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 4552: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4567: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 4570: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4585: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4592: Mr. LAMBORN and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 4599: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. G UINTA . H.R. 4607: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. HONDA . H.R. 4611: Mr. VANHOLLEN and Ms. J UDY CHUof California. 
H.R. 4612: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 4613: Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. L EE, Ms. DELBENE, and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 4614: Mr. KING of Iowa and Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 4616: Mr. KING of New York, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. NORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L ORETTA  SANCHEZ of California, Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 4625: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 4637: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 4640: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B RAT, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. KILMER , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. S WALWELL  of California. H.R. 4648: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4653: Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. HIGGINS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. TAKAI. H.R. 4654: Mr. TONKO , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. WELCH . H.R. 4657: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 4662: Mr. SARBANES and Mrs. E LLMERS  of North Carolina. H.R. 4667: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. ROSS, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Ms. N ORTON. H.R. 4668: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 4677: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4681: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 4694: Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. M OORE , and Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 4701: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4712: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4715: Mrs. BLACK , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. F OXX, Mr. C OOK, Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. K LINE. H.R. 4717: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 4720: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 4729: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 4730: Mr. BLUM, Mr. E MMER of Min nesota, and Mr. STEWART . H.R. 4738: Mr. TAKAI. H.R. 4747: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4750: Mr. CONYERS . H.R. 4751: Mr. GUINTA and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4754: Ms. NORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. LEE, Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4764: Mr. CRAMER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. LANCE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 4766: Mr. RANGEL and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 4773: Ms. FOXX, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. HARDY , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. ROSS, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. DUFFY , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OFFMAN, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 4775: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 4792: Ms. ESHOO , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4796: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. T AKAI. H.R. 4809: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4814: Mr. COOK. H.R. 4815: Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 4817: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. HILL. H.R. 4827: Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4828: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. HUELSKAMP , Mr. J ONES , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. BOUSTANY , Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4835: Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4842: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4843: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4848: Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. P ALMER, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 4852: Mr. MCHENRY . H.R. 4860: Mr. VEASEY , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. MENG, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. V ELA, and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 4873: Mr. REED. H.R. 4876: Mr. REED. H.R. 4879: Ms. NORTON , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4882: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 4885: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4895: Mr. HUDSON and Mrs. B LACK BURN . H.R. 4897: Ms. NORTON , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. WELCH , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4898: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.J. Res. 14: Mr. FLEMING . H. Con. Res. 19: Mrs. BUSTOS . H. Con. Res. 36: Mr. RUIZ. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. FATTAH and Mr. P OCAN . H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. KILDEE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. MULLIN , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. ASHFORD , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H. Res. 54: Ms. STEFANIK . H. Res. 130: Mr. LANGEVIN . H. Res. 154: Mr. FORTENBERRY and Mr. MOULTON . H. Res. 192: Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. B ASS, and Ms. L OFGREN . H. Res. 220: Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. ELLISON , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. VELA, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T AKAI, Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. LANGEVIN . H. Res. 343: Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. SARBANES , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H. Res. 419: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 469: Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 501: Mr. HONDA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Mr. E MMER of Min nesota. H. Res. 540: Miss RICEof New York. H. Res. 551: Mr. HECKof Nevada, Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. A SHFORD . H. Res. 605: Mr. HONDA and Ms. E DWARDS . H. Res. 617: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H. Res. 647: Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. EDWARDS , and Mr. K IND. H. Res. 650: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali fornia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, Mr. SESSIONS , and Mr. P ETERSON . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative DOYLE or a designee, to H.R. 2666 the No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Representative EDWARD R. R OYCE to H.R. 3340 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1881 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 2016 No. 55 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 