Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, President Calvin Coolidge once said that nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not. Genius will not. Education will not. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. Yesterday, U.S. Senator CHRIS MURPHYof Connecticut reminded us of the truth of that statement when, for 15 hours, he stood on the floor of the United States Senate and refused to yield until he got a commitment from the Republican leadership of the Senate to hold a vote on a no fly, no buy piece of legislation to restrict people on the terrorist watch list from buying firearms and also for having a commonsense background check reform which allows Internet sales and gun show sales to be included in the background check system, which is supported by 53 percent of NRA households. Mr. Speaker, finally, at 2:11 a.m., he got a commitment for those votes. I congratulate him. I am proud of him, as a fellow Connecticut citizen, for the persistence and courage that he demonstrated to the world yesterday on the floor of the United States Senate. It is time for us now in the House to do the same. We have tried 12 times in the House to force a vote on these measures, which the public is craving by huge majorities. After the events of this last week, it is time for us to listen to CHRIS MURPHY , to follow his example, to thank him for his leadership and persistence and courage. Let’s do what the American people are looking for: ways to protect us from these mass shootings of which there are far too many and that are far too damaging to the people of this country. 
GULFSTREAM G650ER ADDS ANOTHER SPEED RECORD (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize another milestone that has been achieved by the Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation with the G650ER airplane’s most recent citytocity record. This time, the aircraft and crew, which included pilots Todd Baker, Eric Kauber, Jon Wolfe, and flight attendant Elisa Dichiara, departed from the Sydney Airport in Sydney, Australia, at 7:11 a.m. local time and landed at Los Angeles International Airport at 1:51 a.m. local time. The flight only took 12 hours and 40 minutes, with an average cruise speed of Mach 0.86. The record was approved by the U.S. National Aeronautic Association, and it will most likely be approved as a world record by the International Federation in Switzerland. Together, the Gulfstream’s airplanes G650ER and its sister plane, the G650, hold more than 55 total world records. I am very proud to represent Gulfstream’s facility, located in Savannah, Georgia, which is a world leader in private planes, one of Georgia’s First Congressional District’s largest employers and a constant producer of truly amazing airplanes. I congratulate them on their success. 
RESPECT AND DIGNITY FOR OUR LGBT NEIGHBORS (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, on a summer day in 1984, a young gay man named Charlie Howard was walking down the street in Bangor, Maine. A car full of teenagers pulled up, and they started yelling slurs at him. They chased him down, beat him up, and threw him in a river, where he drowned. Since then, we have made a lot of progress on LGBT rights in Maine. We passed civil rights protections, and we passed marriage equality. In Maine, as in the rest of the country, we have come far; but as the shooting in Orlando has reminded us, we still have a long way to go. We are reminded that LGBT men or women can suddenly find themselves facing the same fear that Charlie Howard probably felt on that bridge in Bangor, Maine, over 30 years ago. Civil rights and marriage equality are very important, but they are not enough. We must not rest until our LGBT neighbors enjoy the respect and dignity that they deserve and until they do not feel that their safety is at risk because of who they are. CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF RON BULLOCK (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Ron Bullock, who passed away on June 8 at the age of 73. Ron was an entrepreneur and a champion of Illinois and of American manufacturing. Born in 1942 in Dayton, Ohio, Ron graduated from Wright State University with a degree in aeronautical engineering. In 1987, he founded Bison Gear & Engineering in St. Charles, Illinois. Their gear and gear boxes are found in everything from ice machines to massage beds. He also served as chairman of the Manufacturing Institute, the Illinois Manufacturers’ Association, and the IMA’s Education Foundation. Ron worked personally with me and my staff on legislation to help manufacturers expand and hire more people. He gave back to his community, enlisting his employees through BisonCares to help people in need. He was a founding member of the Illinois P–20 Council, which is dedicated to providing educational opportunities for students across Illinois. A husband, a father, a grandfather, Ron led an exemplary career and life, and he will be missed. f 
STOP GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. LOWEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, the Orlando shooting reminds us there is too much that has been left undone to stop gun violence. The Republicans have voted 13 times to retain the outrageous loophole that allows suspected terrorists to legally purchase weapons—and not just on the House floor. The Republican majority rejected my no fly, no buy amendment five times in the Appropriations Committee. In a 2011 video, al Qaeda noted the accessibility of guns in the U.S., asking: So what are we waiting for? The real question is: What are we waiting for? Americans agree with prohibiting terror suspects from purchasing guns, and Congress is overdue to act. 
DELAWARE VALLEY REGIONAL HIGH SCHOOL VARSITY BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. LANCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Delaware Valley Regional High School varsity baseball team for winning the 2016 New Jersey Group 2 State Championship. After a season of hard work and determination, these talented young men defeated Delran High School 3–2 to bring home their first title since 1959. The team accomplished an unprecedented season performance with 18 wins. I congratulate superintendent Daria Wasserbach, principal Adrienne Olcott, head coach Marty White, athletic director Bill Deniz, and captains C.J. Schaible, Christian Hlinka, Scott Becker, Jake Brogan, and Kevin Delatte, as well as all of their teammates, for their hard work and dedication to the team. This marks another proud accomplishment for the Delaware Valley Regional High School Athletics Department. These talented young men should be proud of their hard work, and I congratulate them on the outstanding achievement of bringing the title back to their school. Well done, Terriers. f 
CLOSE THE GUN LAW LOOPHOLES (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, this morning, as I watched some news reports of my good friend CHRIS MURPHY’s closing comments on the Senate floor, I thought about another period of time in this country that focused on some real troubling circumstances that existed. A man named Thomas Paine sat down to write what he felt. He wrote: ‘‘These are times that try men’s souls. The summer soldier and the Sunshine patriot will, in this crisis, shrink from the service of their country; but he that stands by it now deserves the love and thanks of man and woman. Tyranny, like hell, is not easily conquered; yet we have this consolation with us that, the harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.’’ We are living in some trying times. This House, for some reason, is refusing to stand up and face the consequences of what we are about to live if we don’t close these loopholes that exist in our gun laws. Mr. Speaker, in a few minutes, we are going to be debating a piece of legislation that we have already voted on, but it didn’t stop Orlando or Charleston. Tomorrow, as we commemorate the first anniversary of the Emanuel nine, I would hope we would give serious consideration to closing these loopholes. 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF ROD BLUECHEL (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the memory of a veteran who always looked for ways to serve his brothers in arms. This Saturday, June 18, Rod Bluechel will be inducted into the Vietnam Memorial’s In Memory program, which 
honors many veterans whose eventual passings were related to their service. Rod served honorably in the United States Army from 1960 to 1963, during which time he deployed to Vietnam. On April 2, 2014, Mr. Bluechel died of causes related to his exposure to Agent Orange during his service. He was known in the Kennewick, Washington, area for his work with the Columbia Basin Veterans Coalition, especially for his efforts on behalf of homeless veterans. Mr. Bluechel took to heart the moral mandate our Nation holds: ‘‘to care for him who shall have borne the battle.’’ It is my hope that we can best remember his service by following his example. 
b0915 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5471, the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act, so we can improve efforts in fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Horrific lonewolf terrorist attacks like the one that occurred in Orlando only a few days ago continue to threaten our Nation. H.R. 5471 is a package of three bills that will accomplish three goals in our fight against terrorism: it will increase our efforts to counter radicalization of terrorist recruitment; it will increase countermeasures to prevent ISIS from using social media to recruit and radicalize potential recruits in our communities; and it will ensure agencies like the Department of Homeland Security are effectively using intelligence, operations, and policy to fight terrorism. With the passage of this bill, we will give our law enforcement officers and our communities greater resources to fight against terrorism. I commend Chairman MCCAUL and the sponsors of each of the underlying bills for their leadership and hard work on this legislation. I would also like to offer my thoughts and prayers to the families and victims of the Orlando terrorist attack. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the assistant leader for the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, on tomorrow, we are going to commemorate the first anniversary of the events that occurred at Emanuel AME Church. b0930 On Sunday, AME churches all over the country will be commemorating this great loss. I will be in Lakeland, Florida, at the Bethel AME Church, and we are going to be praying and singing and hoping, hoping that at some point in the not too distant future this House, this Congress will recognize that we have a big, big problem that must be solved. Why is it that this young man, who was not eligible to purchase a firearm, was able to get one? He got one because there is a loophole in that law that says the 3day background check is not operative if you don’t complete the background check in 3 days. So the reasons that exist for him not to have a firearm still existed on the fourth and fifth day. Now, I have no idea of why the information got keyed in wrong. It was Columbia versus West Columbia. And when they detected it, this gentleman had the firearm and was off to Charleston, South Carolina, my congressional district, where he murdered nine people. He allowed one of them to live so she could tell the story, and two others played dead. The Charleston 12. Well, I am hopeful that the people of goodwill in this body will do something to close this loophole. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Chairman MCCAUL, for bringing this package of bills to the House floor, and I especially want to thank Representatives FLEISCHMANN , KATKO , and L OUDERMILK for their leadership in saying that we need to focus our efforts on the problem that we have in this country, and that is terrorists are radicalizing Americans. Time after time now we have seen more than a dozen terrorist attacks on American soil in the last 7 years. Unfortunately, some people around this town want to try to take advantage of that as an opportunity to talk about gun control, taking away rights of law abiding citizens, Mr. Speaker, instead of focusing on the problem. They don’t just use guns. They use pressure cookers, they use pipe bombs, they use axes, they use the Internet to recruit Americans. It is time we put a sharper focus on solving this problem and addressing the fact that Americans are being radicalized and carrying out terrorist attacks here in the United States. It is going to continue until there is a sharper focus. This package of bills puts the focus where it needs to be. It is time for the President to join with us to actually speak out in getting more tools to our intelligence agencies to go and do a better job of rooting out the attacks that are here on our homefront. This is no hypothetical problem. Terrorism has come to the United States. Our hearts and prayers are with the victims of the attack in Orlando as well as the attacks that we have seen all throughout this country and that, no doubt, are being planned right now against Americans here on our home soil. It is time that we take action. I am so glad that the House has already moved a package of bills. This package right here that we are passing today puts a sharper focus on the real problem, and that is rooting out radicalization of Americans on our home soil. Let’s stop the terrorism here. Pass this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I support the majority whip’s position. We have already voted on the bills. We have already sent them over to the Senate. It is just repackaging them again and sending them over again. They are in charge. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, is this some kind of cruel 
joke? We have already passed these bills, and we are bringing them up again today? Just a few days ago we lost 49 innocent lives in the worst mass shooting our country has ever seen. Sadly, this isn’t an isolated case. In the 3 years since the tragedy at Sandy Hook, there have been over 1,100 mass shootings and more than 34,000 lives have been cut short by someone using a gun. What have we done? We have held 30 moments of silence since Sandy Hook, but we haven’t taken a single vote on legislation that would help keep guns out of dangerous hands. That is shameful. The American people deserve more than silence. The American people deserve a Congress that is willing to stand up and do what it takes to help keep our communities safe. Republican leaders claim that these bills brought before the House for consideration today are a significant response to the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. They claim that because this was an act of terrorism, we don’t need to take a vote on legislation to prevent gun violence. The fact of the matter is, this act of terrorism was an act of gun violence. Over 100 people were shot, 49 shot dead, and today in America, suspected terrorists can still legally buy guns. Individuals on our FBI’s terrorist watch list can walk into a gun store, pass a background check, and walk out with the gun or guns of their choosing, legally. Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists were able to purchase guns. I think that is wrong and so does the overwhelming majority of the American people. There is bipartisan legislation that would prohibit those on the terrorist watch list from being able to purchase firearms in our country. That is the bill we should be voting on today, not three bills that we have already voted and passed out of the House. If Republicans agree that suspected terrorists shouldn’t be able to buy guns, bring up that bill for a vote today. What is it that the majority is afraid of? Is your fear greater than that of the fear of the people hiding for their lives in that nightclub in Orlando? Give us a vote. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, terrorism is no longer just a national issue as we deemed it after 9/11. The attacks of terrorism are affecting our local communities, and we must address those that are perpetrating these attacks, not just simply go after the tools that they choose to use. The Boston bombers chose to use a pressure cooker, a bomb. There have been attacks using knives, there have been attacks using hatchets, there have been attacks using cars. It is the perpetrator of these acts of violence that we must address. Earlier this year, the House passed a bill called the ALERT Act, a bill that I authored that is amplifying local efforts to root out terrorism, which, by the way, removes bureaucratic barriers and paves the way for the Federal Government to enhance State and local law enforcement’s involvement in fighting the war on terrorism. By providing the tools and training needed to combat terrorism on multiple levels, the act provides for more efficient cooperation and coordination with State and local officials. Today, everyone has to play a part in protecting against terrorism, from the neighbor next door to the local law enforcement officer. While no legislation in itself will end the threat of terrorism against our Nation, we can better utilize the valuable resources found right within our communities. In hopes of getting the ALERT Act and two other key pieces of Homeland Security legislation to the President’s desk, we have packaged them into one comprehensive bill entitled the ‘‘Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act.’’ I appreciate Chairman MCCAUL’s leadership and sponsorship in this important piece of legislation to help stop future acts. As we are experiencing an increase in acts of terrorism by radical Islamic terrorists that directly threaten our own communities, we must reevaluate how we combat these terrorist threats. This joint piece of legislation will better secure America by helping local law enforcement combat terrorism, keeping terrorists from entering our borders, stopping radicalization, and evaluating better security methods as we move forward. I also want to thank my colleagues, Mr. KATKO and Mr. F LEISCHMANN , for their hard work on advancing their bills. I appreciate their collateral effort as we strive to protect Americans from violent terrorist attacks. Because threats against America are rapidly increasing, we cannot afford to be stagnant. We must act, and we must act now. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ). Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me the time today. Let me just say that we face a very serious problem in this country, and when you face a very serious problem, it deserves a serious, thoughtful response that actually goes toward solving the problem. So what do we have here today after 49 innocent lives were taken in Orlando? When we had mass shootings in Aurora, Newtown, Roseburg, San Bernardino, and mass shootings that occur in urban communities far too often, what do we do? We just heard it. We repackaged bills that we passed on January 29, April 26, and May 16 so that somebody could come up here today and say that we solved or attempted to solve a problem on June 16 by doing what we did the last couple of months. That is not leadership, and it is not a serious, thoughtful solution to the problems we have. We could be talking about, debating, and passing no fly, no buy. We could talk about and pass the Charleston loophole. We could talk about highcapacity magazines that allow one person to walk into a nightclub and mow down 49 people and injure another 53. There is no deer hunting, there is no legitimate purpose for a highcapacity magazine other than to expeditiously take human life. If you are not at war, it has no place on the streets of America. We can also talk about assault weapons. Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ranking Member, let me just say this: It is sad to say that this response today is a response that lacks leadership. It is a response that does nothing new. We passed this legislation with bipartisan support. So I would just say that this is a very impotent response to a very serious problem so that we can repackage, rebrand, and mislead the American people by saying we did something when, in fact, we did nothing. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, our Nation has experienced a tragedy for sure. This past weekend’s terrorist attack in Orlando is just the latest in an increasingly long list of homegrown violent extremist attacks. Our Nation is not only grieving the loss of 49 innocent people, but is also facing the reality of having witnessed the most deadly terrorist attack in the U.S. since 9/11. I am concerned about ISIS’ persistence in inflicting harm to all those who disagree with their ideology. Authorities are investigating over 800 ISIS linked cases and have discovered 89 plots against the West, including 25 in the United States, and the list is growing year after year. This body has been investigating radical extremism since I came to this Chamber 18 months ago. I was fortunate and honored to lead the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, which highlighted many of the vulnerabilities which came to light in Orlando, Chattanooga, Garland, and San Bernardino. The nature of the task force shows that domestic radicalization has been on the rise. The issue is not a partisan issue. It is an American issue. Omar Mateen’s cowardly actions are a stark reminder of the resilience of the enemy we face today. However, this Chamber, with the leadership of Speaker RYAN and Chairman M CCAUL, has put forth solutions. The bill before us today encapsulates several ideas that my peers and I have worked on for months that outline ways to improve our counterterrorism efforts here at home. Included in this bill is a provision which authorizes the Counterterrorism Advisory Board, which is modeled after 
a bill introduced earlier this year in Congress, H.R. 4407. This section specifically codifies the administrative body that would integrate intelligence, operations, and policy components so our law enforcement and intelligence partners can coordinate actions more effectively and expeditiously; in short, getting them talking together better, getting them working together better, getting them sharing information together better, and getting better chances of stopping these acts from happening. b0945 This bill provides flexibility in the board’s charter to ensure the continued ability to encounter tomorrow’s threats. Finally, I would like to end by thanking Speaker RYANand Chairman MCCAULfor their continued leadership on this issue. My heart goes out to the victims and families of Sunday’s tragic attacks in Orlando. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, we have had a number of people talk about San Bernardino. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ), whose district includes San Bernardino, where the shooting occurred. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to speak on something that, frankly, I am sick and tired of having to discuss: House Republicans’ refusal to address our Nation’s gun violence epidemic. On December 2, I will never forget how I felt as I walked off this House floor. I had just voted to allow debate on keeping guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists—the no fly, no buy—which was blocked by House Republicans, when I received a barrage of text messages about what was unfolding in my hometown of San Bernardino. When I heard the news this weekend on Sunday morning, my heart sank. Again. This time, Orlando. This time. We cannot afford to stand in silence when people are being massacred in bars, when coworkers are being slaughtered at their holiday parties, when churchgoers are being murdered in their place of worship, and when first graders are assassinated in classrooms. Where do we draw the line? When will we say: Enough is enough? Preventing domestic abusers, convicted felons, and terrorists from obtaining guns will make our communities safer without infringing on responsible gun owners’ right to bear arms. There is no reason to believe that the Second Amendment and commonsense gun reform are mutually exclusive. Thoughts and prayers are nice, but they don’t stop suspected terrorists from getting a firearm. Thoughts and prayers are nice, but they don’t perform comprehensive background checks on domestic abusers and those convicted felons who want to kill. Thoughts and prayers are nice, but they don’t stop rounds of bullets from ripping out of an assault weapon and inflicting mass casualties on innocent Americans. And thoughts and prayers should not be used as a replacement for taking meaningful action to make our communities safer. Just hours ago, we heard from Senator MURPHY that the other Chamber has reached a bipartisan agreement to allow votes on two important gun safety measures. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. AGUILAR. We just heard that, on those measures, they have reached a bipartisan agreement to at least allow votes. When will this Chamber do the same? When will we work to address meaningful solutions rather than acting on recycled bills from months ago that do little to address the issue? I have said before that House Republicans’ most significant action to curb gun violence has been to hold a moment of silence, and I was wrong. They have consistently and deliberately worked to prevent commonsense reform from even being discussed in this Chamber. For that, they should be ashamed. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act. I want to thank the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, Chairman MCCAUL; Mr. K ATKO ; and Mr. LOUDERMILK for joining the legislation that I promoted and we passed in this House by a large bipartisan majority. Mr. Speaker, several weeks ago, a strong bipartisan group of Members passed my legislation, H.R. 4820, the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act. It is hard to believe that almost a year has passed since the horrific shootings at two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee, my hometown and the town in which I proudly represent those great people in the United States House of Representatives. As many may remember, four marines and one sailor were killed in the attack while several others were wounded. Just this past December, following the FBI investigation, Director James Comey concluded that the shootings ‘‘were motivated by foreign terrorist organization propaganda.’’ We have seen this pattern repeat in the evil attack in Orlando as well as the attacks in San Bernardino, Paris, and Brussels. We need to use every tool in our toolbox to combat Islamic extremism. The Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act section of the bill implements one key recommendation made by the Homeland Security Committee’s bipartisan task force specifically designed to counter terrorist and foreign fighter travel. While it doesn’t forbid DHS from countering all forms of extremism, the bill does provide examples of how DHS can fulfill the requirement, such as countermessaging foreign terrorist organizations that are actively recruiting in our country at an alarming rate. This bipartisan legislation requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to amplify testimonials of former extremists and defectors to fight the propaganda and recruitment of terrorist groups like ISIS. Foreign terrorists are using technology to radicalize Americans at a troubling pace that continues to increase. We must combat this. More than 250 Americans have traveled or attempted to travel to fight with jihadists in Syria and Iraq, and the FBI states that there are open counterterrorism investigations in all 50 States, mostly ISISrelated. Many of these individuals were pulled in by terrorist propaganda. ISIS is luring Americans with false promises that do not reflect true reality on the ground in places like Syria and Iraq. The true reality centers on fear, suffering, and the murder of innocent people throughout the region and around the world. Several recent defectors from ISIS have admitted that joining the group was a terrible mistake. One young fighter said that he found it very hard to live in the region and no longer believes the group represents the religion. I must state that we must do all we can to amplify the messages from these disillusioned terrorists. We are doing this with the State Department. We need to pass this bundle of bills. We need to come together, Mr. Speaker, as Americans to fight radical Islamic terrorism now. The American people deserve no less. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Mississippi has 5
1⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ) the minority leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for yielding, and I thank him for his tremendous leadership to keep our homeland secure. I come to the floor with the deepest sympathy for those lost in Orlando. Of course, all of our prayers and thoughts are with their families. Earlier this week, we had a moment of silence, another moment of silence; silence, which was followed by silence, silence, silence. No action. Today, on this floor, we are taking up legislation which is the legislative equivalent of silence. We are putting 
some warmedover stew bills that have passed the House, combined in one bill, once again, to go forward. But we are not taking the action necessary, action that has bipartisan support overwhelmingly in the country and has sufficient support in this House to be passed. I beseech our Republican colleagues to join us in the no fly, no buy legislation, which 87 percent of the public overwhelmingly—Republicans, Independents, and even NRA members— support. It has support in our country. It has understanding in our country. The only place that it runs into trouble is in the House of Representatives. The Senate has said now that they will promise a vote after a substantial and most remarkable filibuster on the part of Senator CHRIS MURPHY all day yesterday and into the night. The American people saw what the challenge was in getting something done in Congress. He was promised a vote. I hope that we can have a vote in the House on two bills that are overwhelmingly supported by the public and have bipartisan support in the House. Of course, we have the one bill: no fly, no buy. That means if you are on the nofly list, you cannot buy a gun. In addition to that, we have the bill that has, by consensus, been put together for sensible, reasonable background checks. That means, no matter what the weapon is, unless you can pass a background check, you can’t buy it, whether it is a pistol or an AK– 47. Shamefully, the assault weapon ban has expired. There are those in our midst who would like to remove the sunset from that bill, and that is another conversation. Right now, today, we are asking for two things. One, no fly, no buy. Two, the PETER KINGof New York and M IKE THOMPSON of California—a Republican and a Democrat—cosponsored bills which would pass this House, if given a vote. I have seen some criticism on the part of the Republican leadership in the House of those who have tired of doing moments of silence. I, myself, think that it is appropriate for us to do that, but it is no substitute for action. We have to question the sincerity of it, if we mourn and don’t act. We carry the names of these young people who were killed in Orlando in our hearts. It is clearly a hate crime. It is the one place where we see very clearly where gun safety and homeland security come together. Whatever the percentage of motivation was—terrorism, and the other, a hate crime—on the part of the perpetrator, it doesn’t matter. What matters is that it was an assault on our homeland security. And what matters is that it was a hate crime motivated in this pub where many LGBT community members were gathered. Let’s lower the temperature on our interactions with each other. We have said over and over again: Here we go with another moment of silence. If we were real about it, if we were sincere about it, we would act upon it. Clearly, we are all complicit, as long as we have moments of silence and no legislation. We are not a commemorative body. Yes, we have our resolutions and moments of silence, but we are a legislative body, and we are supposed to provide solutions. We are supposed to work together as much as possible in a bipartisan way for those solutions. We are supposed to be a reflection, a representative of the American people. The American people are so far ahead of us in terms of common sense—commonsense legislation: if you are on the no fly list, you can’t buy a gun; no fly, no buy—and common sense in saying that we want to have reasonable, commonsense background checks, which has bipartisan support in the House. I say it over and over again. We have said we are Paris; we are Orlando. But what are we? We are doing nothing. It would be the equivalent of somebody who is very sick and the doctor says: I am going to give you a get well card, but I am not going to give you any antidote for the pain or the problem that you have. b1000 And this is what we have become, words, not deeds; words, not action. The Gospel of James—I don’t know if Mr. CLYBURN , when he spoke earlier, spoke about James, the Book of James, act deeds, not words. And we are not even words. We are silent. We are silent. So I beseech my colleagues to listen to the American people, to understand the pain. And this happens so frequently. Since Orlando, 100 people have been shot in gun violence across our country—that was as of yesterday, may be more by this morning. So it is not just about the mass murders, as appalling as they are and how strongly they hit home; it is about what is happening in the streets of our country on a regular basis. As I said, and I say this, I cannot see how, with all the good intentions of silence and the rest of it, that this Congress can be a handmaiden of the National Rifle Association and the Gun Owners of America. We are here to represent the people, and we should be doing that. Again, this is heartbreaking. Newtown was heartbreaking. Aurora was heartbreaking. Columbine was heartbreaking. The reference our colleague made earlier to assault on our military facilities is heartbreaking. The assault on a Planned Parenthood clinic is heartbreaking. It is not right. This isn’t how we debate, discuss, disagree, come to solutions, not with guns. We all respect the Second Amendment. We all respect the Second Amendment and the right to bear arms, but that doesn’t mean in an unfettered way, by people who have no business having them because of their orientation. Let’s have background checks to check that. We can work together on the no fly, no buy in terms of how people are informed, how law enforcement is informed across the board. But we cannot go down a path that has been suggested by some who say, okay, let’s do that; now take it to court. Well, by the time you take it to court, more people will die, just as Mr. CLYBURN stated, as we are observing the June 17, 1year anniversary of the South Carolina massacre. If you are not denied in 3 days, then you are cleared, when they had a technical error that cleared somebody who should not have been cleared. So let’s make it right, but let’s do something. Let’s act on the values that we share to protect and defend the American people. That’s our first responsibility in terms of national security, in terms of homeland security, in terms of community and personal security. Let’s not use these bills that we are taking up, once again, as an excuse, as if we did something. No, we didn’t do anything more. We are just trying to make it look as if we did, and that is really incriminating the Congress of the United States, when we know what to do, we have bipartisan support to do it. So I beseech our colleagues to join together, in a nonpartisan way, to do the right thing, exercise common sense on behalf of the American people. Again, we are Orlando. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act. As we mourn the death of the 49 Americans and pray for a full recovery of the 53 who were injured in the terrorist attack in Orlando, we know we must do more to combat radical Islamic extremism. The Federal Government’s primary responsibility is to ensure the safety of the American people. This means strengthening our response to the threat ISIS and other terrorist organizations pose to our homeland. The House has passed several bills to combat radical Islamic terrorism, prevent attacks, stop radicalization on our soil, and keep terrorists from entering America. Each of the three bills included in this legislation has already passed the House with wide bipartisan support, but we must do everything we can to get them signed into law as soon as possible. I urge my colleagues to support the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act. We must send this bill to the Senate and on to the President for his signature, and this must be done immediately. This is essential to defeating ISIS and preventing radicalization here at home. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have spent most of my adult life chasing down terrorists. I have gathered intelligence on their tactics and their plans. I know how they think. I understand their motivations, and I know what it takes to stop them. Our Nation just experienced the worst terrorist attack on our homeland since 9/11. While we mourn for our losses, we must also determine to do what is necessary to keep ISIS and other terrorists from ever doing this again. Let me first say that some of the suggestions coming from both sides of the aisle on how to stop terrorists are the wrong solutions. Banning guns is not going to stop terrorists. Banning Muslims from entering our country is not going to stop terrorists. So what will work to keep these murderers away from our shores? How do we keep terrorists out of our country? How do we stop ISIS from radicalizing Americans they have never met and are thousands of miles away? The House has already taken several steps to do what is needed when we passed the ALERT Act, by my colleague, Representative LOUDERMILK of Georgia; the Combating Terrorist Recruitment Act, by my colleague, Representative FLEISCHMANN of Tennessee; and the Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act, by my colleague, JOHN KATKO of New York. The House has led in counterterrorism efforts, spearheaded by one of the most effective committees in the House, the Committee on Homeland Security, led by my colleague from Texas, Chairman MICHAEL MCCAUL, and I am proud to serve on that committee. These three bills are before the House today in Chairman MCCAUL’s Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act. These bills will ensure greater coordination between Federal and local government agencies when it comes to seeing radicalization and stopping it before an attack happens. Our first responders are the tip of the spear when it comes to attacks like Orlando and San Bernardino. We need to do more to ensure they have the intelligence necessary to detect and stop these kinds of attacks. These bills will require DHS to use effective countermessaging tactics to help keep Americans from falling prey to the propaganda spread by ISIS on social media. I have said it many times, but I am going to say it one more time. If we get the right information to the right people at the right time, we will keep terrorists off our shores and on the run. I speak from the experience of running successful counterterrorism operations during my time in the CIA. These bills are part of the solution to keeping terrorists from attacking the homeland. Let’s take the fight to them, and I encourage my colleagues to vote for the passage of the Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Yesterday, I cohosted, with the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), a forum that took expert testimony on the homeland security threat posed by armed militia and antigovernment groups. We were forced to hold a forum because the chairmen of our respective committees, Homeland Security and Natural Resources, have rebuffed our repeated requests for a hearing to examine domestic terrorism. The House Republican leadership refuses to acknowledge the threat of domestic terrorism, ergo, its unwillingness to take action to prevent further mass shootings. Now, Mr. Speaker, as I have said before, while I generally do not object to H.R. 5471, and I will support its passage, it cannot be the sum total of what this Congress is willing to do in response to the mass shootings in Orlando, San Bernardino, Charleston, and the concerns of Americans across the Nation. We are tasked with identifying vulnerabilities. Mr. Speaker, a vulnerability in the minds of the public is that, if a person cannot buy a ticket to fly on a plane but can go buy a gun, that is a vulnerability. The highcapacity magazines that this individual in Orlando and in other places have used, that is a vulnerability that this Congress should address. Background checks, the 3day requirement that if it is not completed, you get approval to buy a gun, you know, there are some things that take longer, so the Charleston loophole is applicable to what we are talking about, too. So, for whatever reasons, guns have been used from time to time to perpetrate terrorist activities. We hardened cockpits on airplanes because people wanted to hijack airplanes. We banned box cutters from being on airplanes because they were used to hijack airplanes. If terrorists are using guns to do harm to American citizens, these are terrorists who are born in the United States, they are American citizens, so we have to do something about it. There is no problem with the three bills that were packaged here today, but I implore this body to look at the broader issue of domestic terrorism, and let’s get on with the business of addressing it. The moments of silence, you know, all of us in our own respective ways, we care about the people; but after the moment of silence, after we get off our knees from praying, when are we going to work and resolve the challenge? So this doover package is going back to the Senate again. It is already over there. So we will go back, and we will say to the Republican leadership in the Senate your colleagues say do something. I say, if Democrats were in charge, Mr. Chairman, we would do something. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. What happened in Orlando was a terrorist attack, an attack by ISIS in the homeland. The Orlando shooter said as much in his 911 call. The Islamic State took credit for it, saying he was a soldier of the caliphate. What keeps me up at night, Boston, Chattanooga, San Bernardino, and now Orlando all perpetrated—all perpetrated—by Islamist terrorists. We have to define the enemy to defeat it. That is a basic military strategy. The 9/11 Commission, bipartisan, in its wisdom, so many years ago, said: ‘‘The enemy is not just ‘terrorism,’ some generic evil. This vagueness blurs the strategy. The catastrophic threat at this moment in history is more specific. It is a threat posed by Islamist terrorism—especially the al Qaeda network, its affiliates, and its ideology.’’ The 9/11 Commission, Mr. Speaker, not the Republican Party, the 9/11 Commission. Winston Churchill didn’t dance around the Nazis on fascism. We defeated fascism by calling it what it was and going to war with it. President Kennedy and President Reagan didn’t dance around communism. They defeated communism by defining the enemy. Today, the enemy, in a generational, ideological struggle is radical Islamist extremism, and if this President, this administration, will not recognize that, this body needs to. This Congress understands what the threat is, and when we define it, we will defeat it, Mr. Speaker. I yield back the balance of my time. b1015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5471. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 5293, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KATKO ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 783 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5293. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) kindly resume the chair. b1017 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Wednesday, June 15, 2016, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 40 printed in House Report 114–623, offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) had been postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, this bipartisan amendment will block funds from being used to engage in hostilities in Libya in contravention of the War Powers Resolution. This amendment simply reaffirms the constitutional role of Congress in determining when U.S. forces will be introduced into hostilities when the U.S. has not been attacked and is not in imminent danger of attack. What this amendment would do is reaffirm that the administration does not have authority to target anyone in Libya who is not ISIS or al Qaeda or an associated force to either without getting explicit authority from Congress. More than 4 years after a U.S.led NATO military intervention helped Libyan rebels topple the authoritarian government of Muammar Qadhafi, Libya remains a failed state that is a terrorist safe haven. Given that, U.S. military involvement in Libya may deepen in 2016 to combat ISIS and potentially provide support to the national security forces of an emergent Government of National Accord. It is imperative that, before U.S. military involvement is increased, any administration come before Congress for an authorization. I want to reiterate that this amendment will not limit the ability to go after ISIS or al Qaeda. Mr. Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank our leader on this side, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ). Members of the House, I urge support for this amendment which will help the Libya War Powers amendment, which will help to ensure that Congress can carry out its constitutional duty to authorize war. This amendment is the same language that is already included in the bill regarding military action in Syria, and it has the same rationale: Congress must be consulted when our troops are being sent into harm’s way. This amendment may not block the Obama administration from taking action against al Qaeda or ISIS in Libya, but it will require that the administration come to Congress if it seeks to send our troops into Libya for any other purpose. When our country engaged in military intervention in Libya in 2011 without congressional approval, the result was that Libya became mired in a bloody civil war. This mistake could have been avoided with congressional debate. This underscores the wisdom of our constitutional Founders, who wanted robust congressional debate before we commit troops to combat in situations where we have not been attacked. Now there is growing talk that the United States may have to support the internationally recognized government in Libya, whose legitimacy is challenged by other elements in Libya. So I urge passage of this amendment to ensure that Congress has an opportunity to weigh in on the rule of our Armed Forces in the Libyan turmoil going forward. If Congress wants to have a say, we must speak out before military action has commenced. I urge you to do so today by passing my amendment. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. Mr. Chair, I do respect the strong feelings of those gentlemen who proposed this amendment. In order to prosecute the global war on terrorism, one of our primary current missions, the President, our Commander in Chief, relies on existing authorization of military force. Any attempt to deny funding for efforts in Libya would allow ISIL outposts in northern Africa to continue to flourish, and, indeed, they are there. This AUMF, better known as the 9/11 AUMF, is currently used by the President, the Department of Defense, and the United States military forces to address conducting campaigns against terrorism worldwide. It has been used by this President and by his predecessor, Bush, since 2001. An amendment of this nature would tie our Nation’s hands and the ability of our Commander in Chief to address worldwide terrorism. This amendment would essentially cripple our ability to conduct counterterrorism operations with partner nations, with our allies, against Islamic extremists affiliated with terrorism. Once again, we know what the gentlemen are trying to do, and we honor that effort; but this is a major policy decision, and so, as a consequence, I oppose their amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), my ranking member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s yielding, and I do rise to join with the chairman in opposition to the amendment. I appreciate the intent of the gentleman from Florida as well as the gentleman from Michigan. I will be rising in support of two amendments subsequently this morning relative to having a fulsome debate about the use of force internationally. It is past time for Congress to have that debate. There is no question about it. I agree with my colleagues. However, in this instance, because we do have, for all practical purposes, a failed state, international institutions in other countries who are involved with us are trying to address the issue. I have been told innumerable times from representatives of other nations, if we do not lead, they will have no place to follow. So I do not think the amendment should be supported at this point in time, and I do join with my chairman. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I respect the opinions of my chairman and ranking member, but I would surmise that if we go back to when we did the nofly zone in Libya, we used the AUMF from 2001 and 2003, the 9/11 AUMF, and that has led to a failed state because the President did not come to this body to ask for authorization. This body did not challenge the President, and it has 
led to a failed state in Libya that now is a recruiting center for ISIS. So when does this stop? When does Congress take this power back so we don’t put people in harm’s way? Had they come to this body, Libya may still be run by Muammar Qadhafi. And I am not saying he is a good guy, But ISIS probably would not be a recruiting center in Libya as a failed state. So I urge my colleagues, let’s bring this debate to the House floor, and let’s have that debate so that we don’t keep muddying the waters and spreading and stretching an AUMF from 15 years ago. I think it is irrational, and I think it is inappropriate for this body to continue with failed policies. It is time to get this right. The American people are counting on us, and our military is in harm’s way. Mr. Chairman, I encourage people to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in House Report 114–623. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member for allowing us to bring up this important issue, basically this amendment and the failed Syria train and equip program. The failures of this program have been well documented and have resulted, ultimately, in strengthening groups like ISIS and al Qaeda with American taxpayerfunded weapons. Many of us voted against this program when it first came before Congress in 2014. We predicted the program would fail, and it did. We ended up arming socalled moderate opposition fighters who did not share our objective of fighting ISIS. Instead, they were and remain primarily focused on overthrowing Assad, which, if successful, would strengthen groups like ISIS and al Qaeda, allowing them to take over all of Syria, creating an even worse humanity crisis and an even greater threat to the world. The current program this bill funds is even worse. It only vets the commanders of socalled moderate Syrian opposition forces. Once the commander finishes some very limited training, then the U.S. provides arms and equipment to the entire brigade with no vetting or screening of the thousands of men who make up these units. Most concerning of all is nowhere in this bill or in the NDAA does it state that this program is limited to training and equipping only those who are fighting against ISIS and al Qaeda. Our strategy against fighting ISIS and al Qaeda in Syria right now is not working. b1030 We are waging two wars in Syria, providing arms and support to groups that have opposing objectives. The first war is a counterproductive one to overthrow the Syrian Government of Assad, which must end. And the second is our war to defeat ISIS, al Qaeda, and other jihadist groups, which we must win. By helping groups fighting to overthrow Assad, we are essentially helping ISIS and al Qaeda achieve their objective of taking over all of Syria. Some may argue that this program is the only tool we have to fight against ISIS and al Qaeda in Syria. This is false. If this amendment is passed, we can end this failed program and continue to support trusted partners on the ground, like the Kurds and Syrian Arabs, who have proven their effectiveness and commitment to our shared objective of defeating ISIS and al Qaeda through other counterterrorism authorities and funds. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment and vote ‘‘yes’’ on GabbardWelch amendment No. 42. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. The United States needs to train those who are willing to fight ISIL in Syria so that the United States doesn’t have to, so that we don’t have to send more of our troops over there to do the job. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant was formed in April of 2013, growing out of al Qaeda in Iraq, and since has become one of the main jihadist groups in Syria and Iraq. Although this bill contains no direct language to fund the Syria Train and Equip Program, funding is available in the bill to fund vetted opposition. Syrian citizens have experienced bombing by its own government, the overrun of cities by ISIL and ISIL’s actions to eradicate many of the country’s many ethnic and religious authorities, as well as we know, their wellknown destruction of sacred and historic sites. They will stop at nothing to promote hate and, yes, perhaps do things here in the United States. This amendment would cripple our ability to conduct counterterrorism operations with partner nations. For the record, U.S. air strikes have killed over 25,000 ISIL fighters. Without this funding, these air strikes would cease. ISIL footing in Iraq and Syria is a springboard for terrorism worldwide. This amendment would effectively eliminate the President’s ability—our commander in chief’s ability—to address this threat. And it would allow its further growth, ISIL’s further growth, in North Africa, the Horn of Africa, and elsewhere, and leave our country and our allies even more vulnerable to attacks. I strongly oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), my colleague. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Hawaii has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank Congresswoman GABBARD . She has a practical battle tested basis of experience to propose this amendment. She served a tour in Iraq, and she served in Kuwait. This is not a question about whether the proponents of this amendment reserve any desire to go after ISIS in any way that we can, nor does it mean that we want to restrict our help to responsible partners, like the Kurdish Peshmerga. What this is about is identifying a program that was designed for failure. It was predicted by Congresswoman GABBARD that this train and assist program for unidentified Syrian allies, socalled, would fail. It would fail because we didn’t have a nationstate that we were dealing with. Train and equip is a good program when it is with a responsible government, or one trying to be a responsible government— maybe in Afghanistan, maybe in Iraq. What we have here is a civil war. We have al Qaeda, we have alNusrah, we have people fighting Assad, we have people fighting each other. The CIA identified 1,500 different groups. And we are asking our military, our CIA, who don’t really speak the language— some do—to identify who will be ‘‘the good rebels’’ in what is a caldron of conflict. The problem here is that we spent $500 million and basically ended up training 100 people. They drifted off into the battlefield and were quickly killed or captured or defected. So what we have is not something where we are predicting failure, we are having something that did fail. And now we are doubling down on it, taking $250 million, and adding to a program that doesn’t work. 
Why don’t we spend that money doing something that can work? Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments from my colleague from Vermont. I would just like to make a point of clarification that this amendment would not stop our air strikes against ISIS. Those air strikes are funded through funds for Operation Inherent Resolve, which this amendment has nothing to do with. This amendment simply prohibits funds that are solely directed towards the Syria Train and Equip Program, section 1209. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the ranking member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding, and join the chairman in opposition to the amendment that has been offered. There is no question that there were significant fundamental problems with the first iteration of this program. This is a reconstituted program, and I would like to make that clear to my colleagues. Secondly, I want to make it clear that there is no authority under this program to overthrow the Assad regime. And the final point I would make, as the sponsor of the amendment, is to mention support for the Kurds who are already fighting. That is exactly what the reprogram does, and the amendment would cut off funding for the Kurds. For those reasons, I oppose the amendment. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I concur with the ranking member’s comments most strongly. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Hawaii will be postponed. The Chair understands that amendment No. 43 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
1⁄2minutes. Mr. Chairman, we have been reengaged in Iraq since June of 2014. We have been in Syria since September of 2014. And, quite frankly, the time to have debated an AUMF was before we became militarily engaged in these two countries. We have repeatedly heard from the leaders in this House that Congress does, indeed, have a constitutional duty to do an AUMF and it would be considered, but we have not done so. I believe that, barring the passage of this amendment, which would force Congress to do the right thing, we will never do an AUMF. Perhaps we lack the courage, or perhaps we are satisfied to allow these wars to run on automatic pilot. Our inaction is wrong. It is an insult to our troops. Whether you want to expand these wars or end these wars, we should all agree that we should vote on an AUMF. This amendment simply says that if there is no AUMF, then there is no money for combat operations. That gives us ample time during the rest of this year to vote on an AUMF. There are no more excuses. Please, please stop making excuses. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the McGovernLee amendment. The fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Levant is being waged using the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force, better known as the 9/ 11 AUMF to prosecute the global war on terrorism. There are soldiers on the ground as we speak. They are truly doing the work of the Lord and the work for freedom, and we need to recognize that. Our Nation needs to retain this validated congressionally approved Authorization for Use of Military Force to contain the fight against terrorism around the world. The Commander in Chief needs it. This amendment makes a major policy change that does not belong in our bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, to justify wars in 2016 on an AUMF in 2001 is ludicrous. I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ). Mr. JONES. Mr. Chairman, I want to remind those on the floor today that it was James Madison who clearly stated that the power to declare war, including the power of judging the causes of war, is fully vested in the legislature. That is us, the House of Representatives. The McGovern amendment is an amendment of frustration because, as it has already been said, we have not been permitted to meet our constitutional responsibility to debate war policy for the country. We have sent five letters to former Speaker Boehner asking for this ability to have an AUMF on the floor for debate. No answer. This is a bipartisan group who wrote the letter. We have now sent three letters to Speaker RYAN asking that we meet our constitutional responsibility. No answer. We are frustrated. We need to meet our constitutional responsibility. The last point I want to make very quickly. In December of this year, we had Secretary Carter before the Armed Services Committee, on which I serve, and we had General Dunford before the committee, on which I serve. I asked them the question: Do you think that Congress should debate and pass a new AUMF? Let me give you Carter’s answer: I think it is desirable to have a new AUMF. General Dunford: I absolutely believe that a clear and unequivocal statement of support for the men and women in uniform that are prosecuting the war is absolutely necessary. It would be so helpful if we could pass a new AUMF. So in closing, I say this: if we want to meet our constitutional responsibility and we upheld our hands to swear to God that we would, then let’s not send our young men and women to die around the world based on 2001 and 2002. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the ranking member, for any comments he may wish to make. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the Chairman acknowledging and yielding me time. I rise in support of the amendment. There is no question of the sacrifice being made by our troops. We, as Members of the Congress of the United States, ought to clearly define the purpose of their sacrifice. The authority being used today was written in 2001. The world has fundamentally changed. That act talked about using all necessary and appropriate force against the persons or entity associated with the September 11 attack. I do think it is our responsibility to balance the powers of the executive under the Constitution and have that fulsome debate. If it was adopted tomorrow morning, it would have an effect on funding. On 
the best day possible, this bill does not become law until October 1. That gives us plenty of time. I appreciate the chair yielding. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), one of the sponsors of this amendment. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, first, let me just say I rise in very strong support of the McGovernJonesLee amendment. I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for his strong, steady, and bold leadership on this issue and issues of war and peace. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is really simple. It would use the power of the purse to prevent funding for combat operations in Iraq and Syria unless an Authorization for Use of Military Force is enacted. We all agree that ISIL must be degraded and dismantled. Then why is Congress missing in action? The 2001 authorization was specific to 9/11. I voted against it because I knew it would be broadly interpreted, which it is. It is a blank check. b1045 ISIL, though, did not even exist in 2001. Every day, more bombs fall, and the battlefield expands. We have already spent more than $10 billion. That is $615,000 per hour. Congress needs to show up for work, muster its courage, exercise its constitutional responsibility for debate, and vote on the ongoing war in Iraq and Syria. We owe nothing less to our brave men and women who are in harm’s way. It is past time to force a debate and vote on this issue. Again, I thank the gentleman for his tremendous leadership and for continuing to beat the drum until we get this done. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I inquire as to how much time remains. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member for yielding because this is debate, quite frankly, that we need to have, and we need to have it in more than 10 minutes. If one supports this amendment, we will have that debate. Mr. Chair, this amendment is not about cutting out funds to our troops. The underlying bill, interestingly, already does that come next April. This amendment is about the dereliction of duty by Congress. If Congress keeps voting for the money to send our men and women in uniform to fight and die in Iraq and Syria, then it should have the courage to debate and vote on an AUMF for those missions as the Constitution of the United States demands of us. It is that simple. We have heard from leaders of this Chamber over and over and over again that they agree that we ought to debate an AUMF, but every time we try to force the issue, there is another excuse. We are told that we have to wait for the White House to propose an AUMF. They did. I don’t particularly like it—some may like it, and some may not—but we ought to bring it to the floor. We ought to debate it and amend it and vote on it. That is what we are supposed to do. There is something very, very wrong about the fact that we have so many men and women in harm’s way right now—some of them who are losing their lives because of their deployments—and we are content to do nothing. We don’t even talk about what is happening in Iraq and Syria. We don’t have these debates that we should be having. All we are saying—and I don’t care what your views are on these wars—is that you ought to agree that we ought to have a debate. That is what the McGovernJonesLeeAmash Garamendi amendment is all about. America’s men and women in uniform are doing their duty, and I respectfully ask my colleagues to do theirs. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chair, again, I would just say to my colleagues that this is about our respecting the Constitution of the United States. This is about respecting the service of our men and women whom we have put in harm’s way. We all know we should be doing this. We have to have the guts and the courage to do it. I urge the passage of my amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, we are going to try again with a variation of what we just discussed. This is another amendment to reclaim our constitutional authority over matters of war and peace, and I ask Members to support the LeeJones Welch amendment. Our amendment is simple. It would require Congress to finally put forth a new ISILspecific Authorization for Use of Military Force by April 30, 2017. That is the date when funding for the overly broad 2001 authorization would be restricted. Upon enactment into law—this would be in October—Congress would have ample time—until April 30, 2017—to come up with a new authorization. Mr. Chair, 5,389 days have passed since Congress wrote a blank check for endless war to any President, and Congress still hasn’t acted. 678 days since we started, once again, to bomb Iraq in a war that Congress has never debated or specifically authorized, and still Congress has not acted. 632 days since we started bombing Syria, a nation not covered by the 2002 or the 2001 AUMF— it is, clearly, not intended by either of these two—and Congress still has not acted. 491 days since President Obama sent Speaker Boehner a draft authorization, and still—and now we have a new Speaker—Congress has not acted. And 33 days since a United States Army captain filed a lawsuit that demands an authorization for the war that he and other servicemembers are fighting, and still Congress has not acted. Mr. Chair, how many more days until we take the power to wage war and return it to the American people through Congress? Our brave servicemen and women can’t wait any longer. The American people can’t wait any longer. Clearly, Congress must be required to act. This amendment would require Congress to finally debate and vote on the nearly 2yearlong war that is raging in the Middle East, a war that has already claimed the lives of three brave servicemen. The House simply cannot continue to abdicate its sacred constitutional responsibility to give the American people a voice in matters of war and peace. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, this is a major policy change that does not belong in an appropriations bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, as has been said by many of my colleagues, the constitutional responsibility to declare war is that of Congress. So how is it that this Congress and the Congresses that have preceded us since the hostilities in the Middle East began have failed to even debate an Authorization for Use of Military Force. That is our duty. We are divided by many things, and we see the world in different ways, but we all have a fundamental responsibility to abide by the Constitution, which governs our conduct, the House of Representatives— the Congress of the United States, the Representatives of the people. The people are the ones, ultimately, who bear the burden of any conflict, and they are entitled to our vote, yes or no, in engaging in war. The second thing: a lot of concern— sometimes legitimate, sometimes debatable—as to overreach by an executive. How is it that we can make that complaint if we cede our constitutional responsibility by irresponsibly failing to exercise it to an executive? Congress must act. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, when I took my oath of office, the Speaker handed me this Constitution. Here, in Article I, it reads that it is the Congress of the United States that declares war or not. Yet, as my friend from California said so eloquently, days and days and years have gone by that the Congress of the United States has abdicated its fundamental responsibility. Perhaps the most awesome and important of our responsibilities is to send our men and women onto the battlefield. Yet we have not done it. The esteemed chairman of the Appropriations Committee said that this is too important an issue to be in an appropriations bill. I could not disagree more. The appropriations bill is about war, and there are billions and billions of dollars in this appropriations bill to conduct a war that is not authorized by Congress. It seems to me to be absolutely essential that we take up our responsibility—that we define what it is we want to accomplish in Syria and Iraq and that we put aside the old authorizations that are now 15 years old and that are, clearly, not only out of date, but are inappropriate for what we are doing in the Middle East. It is our responsibility. The Constitution of the United States says it is. There are 535 of us who have sworn to uphold the Constitution of the United States, and we have failed. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, how much time remains for the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE)? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. HOLDING ). The time of the gentlewoman from California has expired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I spoke just previously on the past amendment, and I will not repeat myself but will, simply, make two observations. Some of the changes that have occurred over the last 15 years include the U.S. withdrawing its large number of troops and presence in Iraq; although, additional troops are now moving to Iraq. Central Command is working with partner nations to conduct targeted air strikes against ISIL. Then, obviously, we are engaged in other activities around the globe. Circumstances have changed, and we ought to meet our constitutional responsibility. I think the amendment that the gentlewoman has drafted is elegant in the sense that she has picked the same date—that is, April 30—that we have structured the OCO funding in this bill ourselves. If we have enough time between now and April 30, 2017, for a new administration and a new Congress to find moneys to fight the war, we have enough time to have the authority to do the same. I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his clarity on this issue. Mr. Chair, in the nearly 15 years, according to a Congressional Research Service report, the AUMFs that we are discussing today—the 2001 and the 2002—have been used more than 37 times in 14 countries to justify military actions. They have been used 18 times by President Bush and 19 times by President Obama. This report only examines the unclassified incidents. How many other operations have been conducted without the knowledge of Congress or the American people? These authorizations have not only been used to justify wars that are thousands of miles away, but they have also been used closer to home to justify warrantless surveillance and wiretaps and the targeted killings by drones, including of American citizens. How can we ask our brave men and women in uniform to fight a war while this Congress can’t even muster the courage to debate it? Again, every hour, we spend $615,000 on this war. Every day, more bombs fall, the battlefield expands, and more American servicemembers are put in harm’s way. How many more days until we do something about this complete and utter abdication of our responsibility? This is not a new issue for me or a new effort. I have been working on this for years to end the reliance on the overly broad 2001 authorization blank check. That is why I couldn’t vote for it. I am pleased to say that this effort is growing in strength in bipartisan numbers. b1100 Congress must finally take action to vote on a specific Authorization for Use of Military Force in this new war to address the threat of ISIL, and this amendment would require us to do just that. We wouldn’t have to do it until April 2017. We have plenty of time, plenty of time to do it. So let’s stand up for the Constitution, our servicemen and women, and our national security by supporting the LeeJonesWelch amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, recent disaster events in Yemen and, most recently, frightening developments both in Iraq and Syria have shown that terrorist affiliates and new terrorist groups are on the rise. This amendment would effectively eliminate the President’s ability to address those threats and others that are coming our way, and so I strongly oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment. I ask for opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. At a time when all government entities are being asked to do more with less, it is time we ask the United States military to make smart cuts to our defense budget so we can live within our means. We can eliminate inefficient and unnecessary programs while spending taxpayer dollars responsibly and improving our national security. My amendment just goes a very small way toward protecting the fiscal security of our Nation, which is vital to our national security. My amendment would give broad authority to reduce the overall amount of money appropriated by this bill to 1 percent in the aggregate. I remind everybody that a 1 percent reduction in the spending in this bill is still above the original agreedupon defense budget from the Budget Control Act, so, again, Congress is appropriating more money than there is in the Budget Control Act. When we spend beyond our means, we make our Nation less secure, not more secure, by making ourselves economically beholden to countries like Saudi Arabia and China. Even with my amendment, this bill still spends over $500 billion for defense, about as much as the rest of the world combined spends on their militaries. This 1 percent reduction is simply a compromise between the Budget Control Act levels and the suggested levels in this bill. This bill, in its current form, funds multiple accounts and weapons systems over the amount the military itself requested. One percent is about $5 billion. Now, there might be those who claim there is no possible way to find that money in this bill. Look, I know a lot of Members here have offered a number of ideas about how we can trim our overall defense budget and improve our national security. There are highprofile numbers, like the F–35 and LCS. There are also lower profile items. When we spend on the military, we need to ask ourselves a couple of questions. First and foremost, of course: Is it necessary and needed for national security? And then, secondly: What is the tradeoff, and does it improve or worsen our national security to spend beyond our means and borrow from Saudi Arabia and China? There are many, many, many accounts in this bill where more money is spent than is requested by the military itself. We can’t allow ourselves to be convinced that we can somehow magically sustain this level of military spending and then turn around and say we are somehow also concerned about the fiscal condition of our country. This amendment is a small step, a compromise between the budget control cap levels and the committee’s mark. We don’t have to choose between protecting the homeland and fiscal responsibility. We can do both. We will do both, and this amendment will make this happen. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. This amendment would force the Department to absorb a reduction of more than $4 billion. Mr. Chairman, we already have serious readiness gaps, and this amendment would force a reduction of more than $2 billion to operation and maintenance accounts, funding that supports key readiness programs to prepare our troops for combat or also for peacetime missions, including flight time, battle training, equipment and facility maintenance, as well as base operations. Furthermore, the amendment will result in a significant reduction to research and development, equipment procurement, modernization, all of which are crucial to our national security. These are investments that protect our Nation from threats to freedom and democracy. We are keenly aware that the United States and her allies continue to face attacks and threats from terrorist organizations like ISIL and al Qaeda and others that seek to do us harm, and our troops must be ready to fight at all times against the enemy everywhere. I oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), the cosponsor of this amendment and a leader on this issue. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for his important and consistent work to bring financial sense to the Pentagon. I rise to urge my colleagues to support the PolisLee amendment. This amendment will help rein in unnecessary and bloated Pentagon spending while protecting the pay or health benefit account of our brave servicemembers and their families. Over the last 15 years, Pentagon spending has ballooned by 50 percent in real terms, and we still haven’t even been able to audit the Pentagon. You talk about waste, fraud, and abuse? My goodness. One percent, this is a pittance in terms of what we need to do, but we have got to start somewhere. Pentagon spending now consumes more than half of the Federal discretionary budget that we oversee. It is just outrageous. We need a faster, smarter, more modern military, not bloated spending that drives up our national debt. Many of you may remember the reports of cash in suitcases being passed around by Karzai in Afghanistan. American tax dollars, cash, where did that money go? Come on, we could put that into health care for our troops. Recently, The New York Times made this case in their editorial, ‘‘A Better, Not Fatter, Defense Budget.’’ I include the New York Times editorial, ‘‘A Better, Not Fatter, Defense Budget,’’ in the RECORD . 
[From the New York Times, May 9, 2016] A BETTER , NOTFATTER , DEFENSE BUDGET  (By the Editorial Board) To hear some military commanders and members of Congress talk, the American military is worn out and in desperate need of more money. After more than a decade in Iraq and Afghanistan, they say, troops are lagging in training and new weaponry, which is jeopardizing their ability to defeat the Islamic State and deal with potential conflicts with Russia and China. While increased funding for some programs may be needed, total military spending, at nearly $600 billion annually, is not too low. The trouble is, the investment has often yielded poor results, with the Pentagon, Congress and the White House all making bad judgments, playing budget games and falling under the sway of defense industry lobbyists. Current military spending is 50 percent higher in real terms than it was before 9/11, yet the number of active duty and reserve troops is 6 percent smaller. For nearly a decade after 9/11, the Pentagon had a virtual blank check; the base defense budget rose, in adjusted dollars, from $378 billion in 1998 to $600 billion in 2010. As the military fought Al Qaeda and the Taliban, billions of dollars were squandered on unnecessary items, including new weapons that ran late and over budget like the troubled F–35 jet fighter. The waste and the budget games continue with the House Armed Services Committee approving a $583 billion total defense authorization bill for 2017 last month that skirts the acrosstheboard caps imposed by Congress in 2011 on discretionary federal spending. The caps are supposed to restrain domestic and military spending equally, but defense hawks have insisted on throwing more money at the Pentagon. That doesn’t encourage efficiency or wise choices. The panel took $18 billion from a $59 billion offbudget account, which has become a slush fund renewed annually to finance the wars in Iraq, Afghanistan and other trouble spots, and is not subject to the budget caps, and repurposed that money for use in the $524 billion base military budget. The move will underwrite the purchase of more ships, jet fighters, helicopters and other bigticket weapons that the Pentagon didn’t request and will keep the Army from falling below 480,000 activeduty troops. It also means the war account will run out of money next April. Representative Mac Thornberry, the Republican chairman of the committee, apparently assumes the next president will be forced to ask for, and Congress will be forced to approve, more money for the war account. This sleight of hand runs the risk that troops overseas, at some point, could be deprived of some resources, at least temporarily. The full House should reject this maneuver. Many defense experts, liberals and centrists as well as hawks, agree that more investment is needed in maintenance, training and modernizing aging weapons and equipment. These needs were identified years ago, 
yet the Pentagon and Congress have chosen to invest in excessively costly hightech weaponry while deferring maintenance and other operational expenses. The Pentagon can do with far fewer than the 1,700 F–35s it plans on buying. It should pare back on President Obama’s $1 trillion plan to replace nearly every missile, submarine, aircraft and warhead in the nuclear arsenal. Defense officials recently reported that 22 percent of all military bases will not be needed by 2019. Civilian positions will have to be reduced, while reforms in health care and the military procurement system need to be carried out. All of these changes make good sense, given the savings they would bring. But they are politically unpalatable; base closings, for instance, have been stubbornly resisted in recent years by lawmakers fearful of angering voters by eliminating jobs in communities that are economically dependent on those bases. Todd Harrison, a defense budget expert with the Center for Strategic and International Studies, says that sustaining the current military force of roughly two million and paying for all the new weapons systems will cost billions more than Congress has allowed under the budget caps. To maintain sensible troop levels, Congress and the administration need to begin honestly addressing the hard fiscal choices that they have largely been loath to make. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, this article lists program after program, many of which our generals did not even ask for, that has cost billions of taxpayer dollars without making us any safer. So it is time to stop pouring billions into unnecessary and nonstrategic pet projects. Let’s pass this amendment. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the ranking member of the committee. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I simply join the chairman in opposition. I respect the gentleman from Colorado very much, as well as the gentlewoman from California, but the committee has spent the last half year trying to make very discrete decisions on spending. I think acrosstheboard cuts negate that, and, therefore, I am opposed to the amendment. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, we have to ask ourselves: At what point does additional marginal dollars spent on defense make our country less secure by making us economically beholden to Saudi Arabia, China, and other nations? As the gentlewoman from California mentioned, defense spending has ballooned, more than 50 percent increases. Every additional dollar we spend is not a dollar we have. It is a dollar we borrow, a dollar we borrow from people overseas, and a dollar we borrow from future Americans and our children. How can we look our children in the face today by spending the money that they are going to be earning over their lives now, when we already spend as much as the rest of the world combined on defense, including our allies? If you add in our European allies and Asian allies, that is more than three quarters of global defense spending. At what point is enough enough? I personally support a 3 percent cut, a 5 percent cut. I am on the record saying so. This is a modest compromise. It is still above the budget cap levels. I hope everybody in this body supports this modest step toward our national security. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in House Report 114–623. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for all their hard work on this important bill. I rise today to offer an amendment to help us guide reprioritization of some defense spending. While I believe military bands play a very important role in ceremonies, funerals, honoring the fallen, and playing taps, this amendment simply limits their ability to play in social functions, dances, and things that are really outside their core competencies and the competencies of the military. Sequestration and 15 years of war have taken a very heavy toll on our military, and this bill is helping to turn that around. I appreciate the hard work on that. For example, in the air domain, with which I have some experience, we recently grounded onethird of our combat fighters for 3 months in the Air Force. The Air Force is facing a shortage of 4,000 maintainers for aircraft and 500 fighter pilots, and that shortage is expected to widen to 800 by 2022. Only half of the Air Force fighter pilots, including those that fly the F–22, are receiving the full spectrum of the training they require. Twentyfive years ago, we had 134 combat coded fighter squadrons; today, we have 55. And we had 946,000 total force military and civilian airmen. Well, today we have fewer than 660,000. The Navy and the Marine Corps are facing similar pilot and aircraft shortages. Our Army is drawing down to its smallest size since before World War II. Yet, today, we have 99 different Army bands. In fact, today these bands will play at 22 different shows worldwide. Most of these shows, the USO and civilian bands would love to fill the role of. At the same time, we have heard reports that we have a shortage of buglers—those who are playing taps—to honor our military when they are fallen. We have got to make sure that we have them represented so that those who have fallen and served receive the honors that they deserve. We should be recruiting warriors, but the Army Web site is targeting people to play music for a living. Don’t get me wrong; I believe the bands play an important role. Let me tell you, in my 26 years in the military, I used to be at Christmas parties with the wing commanders and generals, and we would have ActiveDuty military entertaining us, and it bothered me then. We have difficult choices to make. We are spending, in FY15, $437 million on musicians’ instruments, uniforms, travel expenses, and we have seen reports of things like $11,000 flutes, $12,000 tubas, and $88,000 pianos. These are difficult choices that we have to make right now in this bill. Because of some of these concerns that we have had—I am on the Armed Services Committee—in this year’s NDAA, we asked for detailed information on the size and cost of all bands across the military. While we wait for this information, this amendment will inform the military that Congress desires them to use defense dollars on defense. Let’s be clear, this is not an attack on the arts. I am a vocalist myself. I care deeply about the arts. But we have to, again, make difficult choices in these bills. In no way do I want to devalue those who have served in the past in these roles or are serving now in these roles in our military bands, but for every dollar that is spent on our bands to entertain at social functions, that is a dollar we are not spending on national security, on our troops, and our families. Because of the shortage of maintainers, the Air Force is asking us to choose between things like air superiority and close air support. We need to do both. Some of our choices here are related to do we want to have aircraft parts funded or musical instruments. Again, these are difficult choices, but my amendment today simply limits the function of military bands so that they 
can be performing those ceremonial duties, playing at military funerals, playing taps, those things that are very important roles for our military. While our communities certainly do enjoy being entertained by our military bands, they would, I think, prefer to be protected by our military. I urge everybody to support this amendment and make sure our money is spent well on defense and the bands are focused on their most crucial roles. I reserve the balance of my time. b1115 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the gentlewoman’s amendment. As she has well said, military bands play a very important role in recruiting, retention, and community relations. They also provide patriotic and inspirational music to improve the morale of our soldiers, sailors, and airmen. All of us support these roles. Literally, such music makes our heart sing. However, I agree that we should consider prohibiting the use of funding for certain events. The bands play an important role during ceremonies recognizing the sacrifices of the fallen, but they are not appropriate at every event. I look forward to working with the gentlewoman as we approach conference to ensure that the language we include addresses the gentlewoman’s concerns. If the gentlewoman would agree to work with me and Mr. VISCLOSKY on this issue, I am sure we will be pleased to accept her amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman for his support of the spirit of the amendment. I look forward to working with him and the ranking member to make sure that it is appropriately tightened up so that it meets the intent of the amendment, which I think we both agree upon. I appreciate his working with me on that. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . BARLETTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 74 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
with the Russian Federation for the purpose of heating our military installations. I have longstanding concerns regarding the prospect of American military installations in Europe being exposed to unnecessary vulnerabilities as a result of becoming dependent upon foreign energy resources. Russian natural gas already makes up a majority of the fuel mix used at some military posts, and we cannot allow Russian coal or natural gas to take control of the difference. Mr. Chairman, this is a national security issue. By purchasing energy from areas impacted by volatile international or regional politics, we are putting our troops and their dependents at risk. Furthermore, we are filling the coffers of hostile regimes who seek to use energy as a weapon. Furthermore, the United States has become the North American energy giant. With congressional action to lift a 40year moratorium on crude oil exports, we are seeing new markets develop. We must ensure our allies in Europe are provided a choice. Similarly, we must utilize Americansourced energy to strategically support our military installations overseas. This is about countering Russian aggressions. I encourage support of the Barletta amendment. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chair, again, I thank the chairman and the committee for continuing to work with me on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in House Report 114–623. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 783, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to ensure that our men and women in uniform have options on the menu when they seek nutrition in the cafeteria as they serve. Ideologically motivated activists are working to take meat off the menu in institutions across the country. There is plenty of evidence of this, and I hope that we can limit these efforts to ensure that our men and women in uniform have the choices of nutrition at their ready. Meat contains vitamins and nutrients not readily available in a plant based diet. In fact, creatine, which supplies energy to muscle cells and aids in their recovery, is only found in animal products. My amendment does not inhibit the ability of individual servicemembers to pursue a vegetarian diet if they choose to nor does it prohibit the armed services from meeting the dietary needs of those who choose a vegetarian or vegan diet. All this amendment does is to ensure there is also a meat option available. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ). Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman bringing this issue to our attention, and I am pleased to accept his amendment. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. I thank the chairman. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I rise to claim time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, in the interest of full disclosure, I would indicate to all of my colleagues here that I did have meat at lunch yesterday. I ate meat last night. I appreciate the gentleman’s concern about ideological activists attacking the menus at the Department of Defense, but I do trust they will have the intestinal fortitude to resist those particular attacks. I would note that the gentleman’s amendment says that none of the funds made available by this act may be used to revise the DOD Food Service Program Manual Number 1338.10 dated December 2, 2014. I would simply note that today in military dining facilities, there are a wide variety of foods to choose from, taking into account religious and personal preferences, even for carnivores. There is no policy under consideration to eliminate meat from the nutritional programs for our military services. It is my understanding that there are vegetarian MREs, there are meat MREs. Interestingly enough, when I had a recent conversation with General Carr, who is the adjutant general of the Indiana National Guard, I asked: What is your biggest problem today? He said: Fitness, diet, and physical fitness. So I think to impose ourselves into a food service program manual—particularly since the gentleman is a member of a political party that talks about overregulation in this country—is an overreach. The question I would have for my colleagues is: Should we start considering whether we should be using diced tomatoes in our various food service areas or should we do whole tomatoes? Should we, when we serve tuna fish, have chunk white or solid white? I think at this point in time, given the gravity of the issues that we have discussed over the last 3 days relative to our Nation’s defense that we are now micromanaging, and for that reason, I am opposed to the amendment. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield to the gentleman from Nebraska. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, I would add that my amendment actually reduces the regulation and ensures that our men and women in uniform have adequate choices at the table, at the cafeteria, wherever they might choose to eat. This does not prohibit anything. This just ensures that options are available. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I, again, think that the gentleman overreaches. It is micromanaging, and I am opposed to his amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Nebraska for bringing this amendment. I would like to just focus us on what this is about. This is a Humane Society of the United States vegan/vegetarian kind of initiative. It is about taking meat off the plates of the American people. They are in here in this Congress constantly year after year with another attempt and another attempt. The USDA had meatless Mondays, and the Secretary of Agriculture said: I don’t know where that came from. It just happened. I don’t even know what staff person put that up on our Web site, but they took it down right away. b1130 Our military? We would starve them for meat? We need them to be aggressive and healthy. There is a picture here from The Atlantic that shows the Norwegian army. They have meatless Mondays. And they are fighting climate change with meatless Mondays. Then, why is this a political agenda? Let people eat what they want to eat. Let’s not take it off of their plate. They need it. By the way, there is a reindeer on the shoulder of this Norwegian soldier. It is the number one favorite meat in all Norway, but they can’t eat it on Monday because the political agenda seems to want to drive this thing. Let people have freedom. Let’s have a strong military. Let them have a lot of protein and a lot of energy to defend our Godgiven liberty. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, I would just add that the U.S. Coast Guard, although not contained in this bill, has already engaged in an 
agenda to remove meat from some of the menus on certain days of the week within that branch. I want to ensure that our men and women in uniform who serve in harm’s way will have the options that they choose. And I would imagine that, given the health impact of a healthy source of protein being meat, we should afford our men and women in uniform that option. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–623 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. SHUSTER of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 9 by Mr. ELLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Amendment No. 13 by Mr. QUIGLEY of Illinois. Amendment No. 16 by Mr. O’ROURKE  of Texas. Amendment No. 17 by Mr. HUFFMAN  of California. Amendment No. 19 by Mr. POEof Texas. Amendment No. 21 by Mr. SANFORD of South Carolina. Amendment No. 22 by Mr. BUCK of Colorado. Amendment No. 24 by Mr. BYRNE of Alabama. Amendment No. 25 by Mr. KINGof Iowa. Amendment No. 26 by Mr. GOSAR of Arizona. Amendment No. 27 by Mr. KINGof Iowa. Amendment No. 29 by Mr. LAMBORN  of Colorado. Amendment No. 30 by Mr. MASSIE of Kentucky. Amendment No. 31 by Mr. MASSIE of Kentucky. Amendment No. 32 by Mr. MCCLINTOCK of California. Amendment No. 33 by Mr. MULVANEY  of South Carolina. Amendment No. 34 by Mr. DESANTIS  of Florida. Amendment No. 36 by Mr. ROHRABACHER of California. Amendment No. 37 by Mr. WALBERG  of Michigan. Amendment No. 40 by Mr. CONYERS of Michigan. Amendment No. 42 by Ms. GABBARD  of Hawaii. Amendment No. 44 by Mr. MCGOVERN  of Massachusetts. Amendment No. 45 by Ms. LEEof California. Amendment No. 46 by Mr. POLIS of Colorado. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 205, noes 216, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aguilar Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Bustos Byrne Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Chabot Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Costello (PA) Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Frankel (FL) Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Hartzler Hensarling Hinojosa Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight LaHood LaMalfa Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lipinski LoBiondo Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCaul McClintock McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nugent Olson Palmer Pascrell Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Upton Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walz Webster (FL) Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (AK) NOES—216 
Adams Aderholt Allen Becerra Benishek Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Butterfield Calvert Capps Carney Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kildee Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Moolenaar Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RoybalAllard Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Loebsack Schakowsky Takai Wilson (FL) 
b1158 Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. QUIGLEY, TAKANO, Mrs. LOWEY, Messrs. ZINKE, RIBBLE, PALAZZO, ELLISON, LONG, RUSSELL, Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. BUCHANAN, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Messrs. WEBER of Texas, ROONEY of Florida, MCCARTHY, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. BISHOP of Utah, BENISHEK, ROHRABACHER, VAN HOLLEN, ADERHOLT, Ms. SPEIER, Messrs. DENT, POCAN, BECERRA, Ms. 
KAPTUR, and Mrs. ROBY changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. ROE of Tennessee, ISSA, AMODEI, BOST, WALKER, Mrs. LUMMIS, Messrs. NEAL, CAPUANO, KENNEDY, MCHENRY, COLE, SHIMKUS, RICHMOND, GARAMENDI, Mrs. BEATTY, Messrs. KEATING and MACARTHUR changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 172, noes 248, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—248 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeGette Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Stewart Takai Wilson (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1202 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY mr. ROGERS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 177, noes 243, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Conyers Cook Costa Crawford Davidson Davis (CA) DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Latta Lawrence Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McGovern McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Nadler Neugebauer Nolan Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Turner Upton Veasey Vela Walberg Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoho Young (AK) Zinke 
Adams Aderholt Amash Amodei Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Gibbs Gohmert Granger Graves (GA) Grayson Grijalva Guinta Hahn Hardy Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lynch MacArthur Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Gutie´rrez Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Takai Wilson (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1206 Ms. SINEMA changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 159, noes 261, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Amash Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rokita RoybalAllard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—261 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Engel Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1209 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . O’ROURKE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 157, noes 263, not voting 14, as follows: 
Amash Beatty Becerra Bera Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Burgess Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gosar Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Lee Lewis Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meeks Moulton Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin Zinke 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Scalise Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1213 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 268, noes 153, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Cramer Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fleming Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (LA) Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Olson Pallone 
Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (SC) Wittman Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IN) 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Bucshon Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chaffetz Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Dent DiazBalart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline LaHood Lamborn Latta Lawrence Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meehan Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Royce Ruppersberger Russell Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Walberg Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1217 Mr. GARRETT changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 191, noes 230, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Amash Ashford Babin Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Crawford Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch Marchant Massie McClintock McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Mica Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush Salmon Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sherman Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Trott Upton Veasey Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke NOES—230 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Bonamici Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DiazBalart Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Himes Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Long Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Moore Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nunes Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pittenger Pitts Pocan Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wenstrup Whitfield Womack Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1220 Mr. RIGELL changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 155, noes 265, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aguilar Allen Amash Babin Barr Beyer Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clay Collins (GA) Costa Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fleming Flores Foster Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind Kinzinger (IL) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lieu, Ted Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Massie McClintock Meadows Meeks Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neugebauer Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Tiberi Tipton Van Hollen Veasey Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wittman Womack Yoder Young (IN) Zeldin 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hartzler Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Renacci Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Franks (AZ) Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1224 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 216, noes 205, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Yarmuth 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1227 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 223, noes 198, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—198 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1231 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 221, noes 200, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—200 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1234 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 210, noes 211, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1237 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 207, noes 214, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rokita RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zinke NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1240 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 245, noes 175, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—175 
Adams Amash Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Rogers (AL) Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1243 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 48, noes 372, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 320] AYES—48 
Amash Becerra Blackburn Blumenauer Buck Cohen DeFazio DesJarlais Doggett Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Eshoo Farr Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Grayson Hahn Huelskamp Jones Labrador Lee Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Nolan O’Rourke Perry Pingree Poe (TX) Polis Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Schrader Schweikert Speier Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tonko Trott Welch Williams Yoho 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1246 Mr. ROHRABACHER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 198, noes 222, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 321] AYES—198 
Adams Amash Barton Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Bridenstine Buck Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Farenthold Fleming Foster Foxx Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mica Mooney (WV) Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Renacci Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Stutzman Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Wagner Walker Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Yoder Yoho 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Hardy Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Peters Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Scalise Schiff Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1249 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 321, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yea,’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘nay.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 221, noes 197, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Young (IA) NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Gutie´rrez Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Vela´zquez Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1252 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 112, noes 306, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 323] AYES—112 
Amash Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Cummings DeFazio DeSaulnier DesJarlais Doggett Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Foster Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gosar Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Keating Kennedy Kildee Kind Labrador Larsen (WA) Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McClintock McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meng Mica Moore Mulvaney Nadler Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Perry Pocan Polis Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sherman Slaughter Speier Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Van Hollen Vela´zquez Welch Yarmuth Yoho 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Stivers Takai Wilson (FL) Woodall 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1255 Mr. PALLONE changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 226, noes 194, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 324] AYES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Amash Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rogers (AL) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1259 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 84, noes 336, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Amash Babin Benishek Bishop (MI) Blum Bost Brooks (AL) Buchanan Burgess Clawson (FL) Cohen Collins (NY) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Green, Gene Guinta Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Latta Lofgren Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McClintock McGovern McMorris Rodgers Miller (MI) Mulvaney Nolan Palmer Perry Poe (TX) Posey Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Rohrabacher Rouzer Salmon Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Stutzman Tiberi Trott Upton Walberg Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Williams Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1302 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 325, I inadvertently voted ‘‘yes’’ on the Rohrabacher amendment. I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 218, noes 201, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 326] AYES—218 
Abraham Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Cartwright Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Culberson Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Farr Fleming Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Keating Kind King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Latta Lee Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Paulsen Payne Perry Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sherman Shuster Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Tonko Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Barr Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bost Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fleischmann 
Flores Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hardy Harper Heck (WA) Hill Hinojosa Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCaul McCollum Meehan Meeks Meng Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Womack Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Crawford Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1305 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 204, noes 216, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 327] AYES—204 
Adams Amash Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Cramer Crowley Cummings Davidson Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Yoho 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1308 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 135, noes 283, not voting 16, as follows: 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cohen Conyers Cummings Davidson Davis, Danny DeFazio Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Farr Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kirkpatrick Labrador Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Love Lowenthal Lummis Marchant Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meng Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Payne Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ribble Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rothfus Rush Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schrader Schweikert Serrano Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westmoreland Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Ratcliffe Schakowsky Scott, David Sinema Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1311 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 135, noes 285, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Amash Becerra Benishek Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Conyers Crowley Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Foster Fudge Garamendi Gosar Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Yoho NOES—285 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan 
Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1314 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 146, noes 274, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Amash Becerra Benishek Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Fudge Garamendi Grayson Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Himes Hinojosa Honda Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lummis Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Rigell RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Woodall Yarmuth Yoho NOES—274 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1317 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 69, noes 351, not voting 14, as follows: 
Amash Barton Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Burgess Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cohen Conyers Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Garrett Gosar Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hinojosa Honda Huffman Jeffries Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Labrador Lee Lewis Lowenthal Lummis Lynch Massie McDermott McGovern Moore Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone 
Payne Pingree Pocan Polis Rangel Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Schrader Sensenbrenner Serrano Slaughter Speier Takano Tonko Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zinke 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E.B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1320 Messrs. WELCH and MASSIE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read the last two lines. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5293) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 783, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5471. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 282, nays 138, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 332] YEAS—282 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Amash Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Labrador Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Bass Brat Brown (FL) Doyle, Michael F. Fattah Fincher Forbes Hanna Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, this week, the Rules Committee issued two 
announcements outlining the amendment process for H.R. 5485, the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2017, and H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016. The deadline for amendments to be submitted for H.R. 4768 has been set at 10 a.m. on Monday, June 20. The deadline for amendments to be submitted for H.R. 5485 has been set for noon on Monday. The text of each bill and more detailed information can be found on the Rules Committee Web site, and Members are welcome to contact the Rules Committee staff with any questions they might have. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 321, the fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropriations Act, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yea’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘nay.’’ This amendment prohibited the use of government data for our intelligence services, and I fully intended to vote ‘‘nay.’’ 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader about the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. The House will also consider the fiscal year 2017 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill sponsored by Representative ANDER CRENSHAW . The House will also consider the veto message of H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary.’’ Additionally, the House will consider a package of bills, authored by Representatives LYNN JENKINS and E RIK PAULSEN , that would make it easier for individuals to contribute to their health savings accounts and allow people to use their accounts to purchase overthecounter drugs. Mr. Speaker, the House will also consider H.R. 4768, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act, sponsored by Representative JOHNRATCLIFFE , which will ensure that the laws Congress passes are adhered to rather than the interpretations of unelected agency bureaucrats. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House may consider the conference report that includes additional resources to combat the Zika virus, if that measure is ready. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the schedule and would ask him, on his last point, on the Zika conference, does the gentleman have any information as to what might be the conference agreement? I don’t have any information on that. Does the gentleman have any idea exactly where the conference is going and what we might expect? I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I know they are working very hard. They had met yesterday as well. I am hopeful that, in my conversations with the conferees, they are close to finishing, and I have been explaining to them, as soon as they are finished, we would like to bring it to the floor as soon as possible for passage. I do want to thank the gentleman for his work on this effort as well. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, let’s hope we cannot go home, as we went home one recess, without doing Zika. Let’s hope we certainly don’t go home this recess without meeting this health crisis confronting our people. I am hopeful that the conference will come to agreement and we can pass it here on the floor. Hopefully, it will be at a level necessary to fund the work that needs to be done to respond to that. The administration obviously has asked for $1.9 billion. The Senate was less; the House was less. Hopefully, we can come to a number that will be sufficient. On the appropriations, the Financial Services bill will be on the floor. Obviously, there has been an announcement from the Rules Committee about when amendments will be received and the deadline for amendments, clearly indicating it would be a structured rule. b1345 I would simply, again, express concerns. We had structured rules. The gentleman made that point, and I agree with that point. Very frankly, we went from open rules, which we started out with, to structured rules because, frankly, it was our perception that what we were having is filibuster by amendments—amendment after amendment after amendment—from your side of the aisle. As the gentleman well knows, the amendment process largely has been more amendments from your side on your bills than from our side. So we clearly have not been doing that. The gentleman mentioned something about abusing the process. Frankly, the Speaker said that as well. I totally disagree with that, and I don’t think there is any indication of that. As I pointed out in the Energy and Water bill, a majority of your Members voted against your own bill, largely because it precluded discrimination against LGBT, which some people expressed that was the reason they voted against the bill, which I think is deeply unfortunate. I quote from the Congressional Quarterly: ‘‘The use of a socalled structured amendment rule abandons the openended process that GOP leaders had hoped to adopt as part of a return to ‘regular order’ for appropriations bills.’’ Again, we did that, but we didn’t make a big thing about not doing it. We didn’t say that it is the wrong thing to do and the House was acting out of regular order. We did structured rules so we could get the bills done on time. I, frankly, see no evidence—none, zero—that we have delayed consideration of these bills in any way. That was not true, I guarantee you, when I was majority leader of the House. The strategy on your side of the aisle—not you, but on your side of the aisle—was to delay these bills and undermine them. Now, we had a lot of amendments offered by your side that we didn’t like. It was very uncomfortable politically for a number of our people. But those amendments were provided for. And you are absolutely correct, when it got to a point where we obviously couldn’t get the bills done in a timely fashion, we did go to a structured rule. So I don’t criticize so much the fact that you are having structured amendments as I am the fact that you so complained about that not being regular order, and as soon as you had a difficult amendment, the LGBT discrimination amendment, thereafter, within days, you announced that, oh, no, you were going to go to a structured rule because the amendment process was being abused. Now, I don’t want to belabor the point any more than I have, but, again, on the Defense bill, we have seen an egregious, tragic, and horrific event. And, Mr. Speaker, this is on policy and what I firmly believe is a mistake that we are making. Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York wanted to offer an amendment to say you shouldn’t discriminate against citizens who are members of the LGBT community. We saw a horrific event Sunday morning where a hate crime was committed, a hate crime directed at LGBT members and, perhaps as well, members of the Latino community by an American citizen—not by foreigners, not an international, however he may have been motivated. But it was clear the animus was a hate crime. To the extent that we allow discrimination or do not prevent discrimination, I suggest respectfully that we, in a way, convey that it is okay to discriminate, it is okay to not like these 
people, whoever these people are, whether they be African Americans, whether they be LGBT, whether they be people born in another land. It is not okay, and I deeply regret that we don’t allow the House to work its will. It did work its will. It adopted the Maloney amendment. Then that bill was rejected. You are right. We voted against it. We didn’t like the bill from the very beginning. But presumably, it was going to pass but for the adoption of the Maloney amendment—with your votes because it was your bill, a majority bill. We always passed our bill, if you look at the RECORD , with our votes when we offered appropriations bills to the floor. So I am hopeful that, notwithstanding the fact the rule is going to be structured, the Maloney amendment, which will speak to the very tragedy that occurred this past week—in part, not totally—will be allowed to be made in order so the House can loudly, clearly, and unequivocally say we do not believe in discrimination against fellow citizens because they are LGBT citizens. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend if he wants to make a comment. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I understand the gentleman’s concern. I want to make it a point to make sure that we do have voices heard and Members have amendments. I went back and looked at the numbers. Now, I know there are hundreds of amendments because these bills go through subcommittee, then they go through full committee, and at all times, Members from both sides of the aisle can offer amendments. When I looked at last year’s bill, under an open process, open rule, we considered 65 amendments on DOD. Well, we just considered 75. So it is a very open, structured rule. I went back and thought, let me look at overall. Is there history within Congress that we could measure ourselves to? Well, if I take as of May, the 114th Congress has considered 1,269 amendments overall on bills on the floor that have already gone through committee with the amendment process. In the 113th Congress, we were at 1,545. Now, how do we measure up with other Congresses? As you spoke, during the majority of the 111th Congress, they were at 778. I understand the concerns that you have, but I feel very comfortable in the fact that voices are being heard, and it is a very open, structured rule for amendments that could be offered. Another point to make is we just passed an appropriations bill dealing with defense in a large, bipartisan manner. So I believe it is working. It is a process that we continue to work through, and I applaud the gentlemen on both sides of the aisle who worked to help us get a bill that just got finished in a bipartisan manner. I do want to thank the gentleman for his work on our last bill. There have been nine bills on this floor that have dealt with terrorism, the radical Islam that is attacking this country and other countries, from the task force that we put together after the attacks in Paris, three of them dealing directly with the radicalization of Americans— persons born in America and radicalized—and the damage they cause. I mourn the loss of those Americans and pray for those families, for what they are going through today. Now, those bills have sat in the Senate, but the House had taken the action. Today, we put those bills back together to make it easier on the Senate to be able to move those to the President’s desk and signed into law. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his help and work with that. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments, and although, as you saw, we had an overwhelming vote for those three bills. We had already passed those. They are in the Senate. Now we have packaged them and repassed them. Mr. Speaker, I would say, with all due respect to the majority leader that, frankly, the events of Sunday would not be affected by those bills. We would hope very sincerely—again, let me reiterate, in the ‘‘Young Guns’’ under your authorship and Mr. Cantor’s authorship and Mr. RYAN’s authorship, that you believed in the book, the three leaders of this House— Mr. Cantor is no longer with us—in openness, consideration of issues, notwithstanding the fact that they may be uncomfortable issues. And, in fact, Speaker RYANsaid—and I am sure you are tired of hearing me use this quote: ‘‘But Ryan said he wasn’t interested in playing things safe if it came at the expense of an open legislative process . . . we are not going to autoup the process.’’ Structured rules autoup the process. ‘‘We are not going to autoup the process and predetermine the outcome of everything around here. I want the House to work its will.’’ With all due respect to my friend, I asked a specific question—and I will reiterate that question. It is not about whether we have had 1,000 amendments or 5 amendments or 700 amendments. It is whether or not the Maloney amendment will be made in order on the Financial Services bill. The reason I say that is because we have had, I think, before the horrific incident that occurred on Sunday, a dramatic demonstration that this was, among other things, a hate crime. It was a hate crime based upon prejudice. What the Maloney amendment seeks to do is to put the Congress of the United States on record as being against that discrimination. That is a very important issue. It is a critical issue about what this country is and the values that we have. It is the very kind of issue that it would seem to me to be selfevident to fall into the category of ‘‘I want to House to work its will.’’ This is not some number of amendments or this, that, and the other. This is a serious and immediate, clear and present danger to a lot of our citizens. We think it is important for Congress to go on record as saying that we are against discrimination in that regard. We would hope that this amendment would be made in order. We can’t offer it because it is not an open rule. We weren’t allowed to offer it on the Defense bill. I would hope that Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York is allowed to offer that on the Financial Services bill, and the House can consider it. If the House disagrees with MALONEY , then the amendment will lose. But it will be consistent with the rhetoric that has been included for years by, frankly, the majority party, Mr. Speaker, that we will consider issues on their merits. Mr. Speaker, I will be glad to yield to my friend, but I hope I convey to you that we don’t believe this is a political issue in that sense. We believe this is a serious issue, and we believe that literally millions of Americans are feeling very, very lonely in some respects, threatened in other respects, and hopeful that the Congress of the United States would go on record as saying we will not tolerate discrimination against fellow Americans just because of a category that they may reside in. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the effort in which he puts forth his argument. Every amendment before the Rules Committee will be considered, and that will be brought forth next week. I will keep the Members posted on what the Rules Committee comes forth with. The one thing I do want to remind the gentleman of, the numbers show this may be a structured rule, but there were more amendments offered on the floor under a structured rule than an open rule. This is probably one of the most open, structured rules we have ever had. The numbers show that the amendments here are almost twice as many were offered in the 111th this time by May, and even more importantly, these bills have gone through committee— subcommittee and full committee— where all amendments are offered without going through the Rules Committee. So, yes, it is my desire to have the voice of individuals heard, to be able to have amendments on this floor. That is why we created a structure that has this process to be able to work. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. The gentleman has just said we want to have individuals have the right to offer amendments. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York wants to offer this amendment. b1400 This House voted for his amendment, as the gentleman recalls. A majority of this House supports the Maloney amendment, unless they have their 
votes changed. They had their votes changed. We came back the following week, and the majority of this House voted for the Maloney amendment. Unfortunately, the bill went down. I say ‘‘unfortunately’’ because the Maloney amendment didn’t go forward. There were a lot of good things in that bill. A majority of your Members voted against it. Had a majority of your Members voted for it, it would have passed, notwithstanding what we did, because you are in the majority and you have the numbers. So I would simply urge not to talk about we have had 15 amendments or 500 amendments. We would feel it very important that this Congress go on record telling our fellow Americans that we don’t believe in discrimination against LGBT citizens, period. If the majority of the House would vote that way, I think the majority of the Senate would vote that way. If the Maloney amendment is made in order, it will have, in my view, the support of the majority of this House. In that regard, therefore, it is certainly not specious, and I would hope that it would be made in order. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, we have seen a 16hour filibuster on the floor of the United States Senate. That filibuster was about bringing to the floor of the House of Representatives legislation which is supported by over 75 percent of Americans. First of all, if you can’t fly, you ought not to be able to buy a gun. If you are so dangerous that you can’t get on a plane, you ought not to be allowed to buy a gun that could kill a lot of people very quickly, as we saw just the other day. And secondly, the overwhelming majority of Americans support enhanced background checks overwhelmingly. Those two issues. I am led to believe, though I haven’t done the poll directly, that a majority of those who are members of the NRA— not the association itself, the National Rifle Association, but the majority of the members—when asked, support those two propositions. I would hope that they would be brought to the floor so that the House could work its will, again, on the premise, as you have stated and others have stated in your party, that under the leadership of the Republican Party the House is going to be able to work its will on important issues. That, we believe, is a critically important issue. I would hope the gentleman could assure me that that will be brought to the floor not necessarily next week, but in the very, very near future. I yield to my friend if he wants to respond. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. As the gentleman knows—and I thank you for buying the book; I thought only my mother did—an open process also means going through committee. I can’t will something just to come to the floor. We like things to go through committees. I know at times like this we want to make sure that fear does not get the better of our judgment. It is absolutely appropriate for us to discuss options that could hopefully prevent the next attack. I am proud of the fact that the last bill we just passed dealt with the radicalization of Americans. But we cannot lose sight of our basic rights protected in the Constitution, including the right to due process. In the weeks and months to come, I would expect that the House will take additional action in response to the threat posed by ISIL and others. I look forward to working with the gentleman in a constructive way to ensure the safety and security of all Americans. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Let me remind him that—although there seems to be some tangential relationship because of the selfproclamation by the killer, the person who created the massacre in Orlando—the person who created the massacre in Charleston, Roof, had no relationship to ISIL or anybody in the international community. He didn’t like African Americans. He killed them because of the color of their skin, and we speak out against that, properly so. Had the background check been appropriate in that case, that may have been stopped. We don’t know. But it is certainly worth making the effort to ensure that guns do not get in the hands of those who ought not to have them. Again, as I say, a majority of the American people support that. And, yes, the ExportImport Bank was bottled up in committee—we understand you can bottle things up in committee—over 21⁄2years. When it finally got to the floor, a majority of Republicans and all but one Democrat voted for it, over 300 votes for it, but it was bottled up in committee. That may be regular order, but it is not openness, and it is not having the House work its will. I would urge that those two items in particular—the no fly, no buy legislation and the enhanced ability to know whether people ought to have guns or not—whether suffering from some sort of mental problem or having criminal records, that they not buy guns. I would hope we can bring that to the floor and have this House work its will, as has been suggested your side would do when and if it was in power, and it has been in power now for some period of time. If the gentleman wants to make additional comments, I will yield. If not, I will yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield for one point? Mr. HOYER. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. It was your birthday this week, and I just want to wish you a happy birthday. Mr. HOYER. Another vicious attack on me. I thank the majority leader, who is always very kind. I appreciate that very much. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 2016, TO MONDAY, JUNE 20, 2016 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday next and that the order of the House of January 5, 2016, regarding morninghour debate not apply on that day. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
CHEROKEE TRAIL BOY’S BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the boys baseball team of Cherokee Trail High School on winning the 2016 Colorado 5A State championship game on May 29, 2016. The students and staff who were part of the titlewinning Cougar team deserve to be honored for winning the State championship for the first time since they won the 4A State championship in 2007. The Cougars beat Rocky Mountain High School 5–1 in the series, and ended the season with a winning 25–5 record. Throughout the season, the boys of Cherokee Trail baseball team were dedicated, worked hard, and persevered. These traits were a key factor in their endeavor to win the championship. But winning would not have been possible without the tireless leadership of their head coach, Allan Dyer, and his commendable staff. It is with great pride that I join all of the residents of Aurora, Colorado, in congratulating the Cherokee Trail Cougars on their State championship. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, when will we have legislation to help stop the gun violence? Orlando, Charleston, San Bernardino, Newtown, Aurora, Fort Hood, Virginia Tech—and, yes, the list goes on. It seems like every few days we see yet another shooting and more scores of innocent lives cut short. I believe, like the majority of Americans, I am ready to wake up from this nightmare. I know many in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, feel the same way, too. Well, it is time for Congress to act. We don’t have to look for motivation. The outpouring of love and coming together following the Charleston 9 
shooting, just 365 days ago tomorrow, brought down a symbol of racism and hate that hung for more than a century. Mr. Speaker, let our actions and collective resolve in the wake of Charleston serve as an example for longoverdue action on guns in the wake of Orlando. The American people need us to be united, to come together strong. I want to thank Columbus, Ohio, in my district, for being Columbus strong against hatred, discrimination, and the violence against our LGBT community and other communities. I am Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY , and I am asking this House and Speaker RYANto do the same. 
HONORING MARIE WHITACRE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor a great friend in northern California, Marie Whitacre. She certainly was not a giant in stature, if you knew her, but she was a giant in the real estate industry in northern California. She passed away on June 9. Marie moved to northern California in 1978, leaving southern California to become the executive officer of the Shasta Association of REALTORS. She continued to serve our area in that role for the majority of her 52year career. Not only was Marie one of the first women executives in the area, but she also brought tremendous success to her association, making it one of California’s top real estate advocacy groups before she decided to step down from the position in 2007. I knew Marie personally as a friend, as a lady with a kind, nice touch but also the ability to get things done during my time serving in office as well as working with her and her association. Indeed, it was a pleasure, and we will miss her. Marie is survived by her brother, Mike; sister, Sally; husband, Harlan; and son, Tom. Indeed, she made a big impression on her clientele in the north State. We will miss her. God bless her and her family. 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF FARM CREDIT (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 100th anniversary of Farm Credit organizations here in the United States. Over the last century, these organizations have provided critical funding for new farmers, farmers who have been in business, and families for many, many years. I know that in my own family situation, my father was on the board of directors of the Land Bank in Stockton, California. When my wife and I wanted to start our own ranch, for the first 2 years, we relied upon the Farm Credit associations. And so it is all across America, as farmers try to continue their business to provide the food for our Nation and around the world, the Farm Credit organizations are there to make sure that the money is available for the operations of those farms and ranches. f 
SECURITY, JUSTICE, AND EQUALITY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today, the President and Vice President of the United States, rightly so, have gone to Orlando, Florida, to be with the Senate delegation and Congresswoman CORRINE BROWN , our colleague whose district was impacted by this heinous terrorist act. I thank him for that, and I thank him for bringing this country together, recognizing that we are not here to blame Muslims, we are not here to blame people of different faith; we are here to draw together. I want the Muslim community to know that we stand with them in their outrage over this incident and their recognition of the values of their faith. Let me also say that we honor and mourn those from the Latino community who died in this tragic and heinous act, and we want to do something about it. Congresswoman BROWN and I have introduced H.R. 5470, which requires that before anyone gets an assault weapon, they must answer questions about evidence and recent contacts by Federal law enforcement authorities that they have been engaged in. It must be verified. Let me finally say, Mr. Speaker, that we want the Nation to be secure, but we also want justice in our criminal justice system. I am looking forward to moving that legislation forward because we must be balanced: security and justice and equality for people in the criminal justice system. 
b1415 SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH AND ITS IMPACT ON COMMERCIAL APPLICATIONS (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the importance of scientific research and its impact on commercial applications. Here is a great example. Scientists have been working to understand dark matter. Dark matter is heavy enough to hold the galaxies together through its gravitational pull, yet it has not been detected by current technology, such as by telescopic observation. Research has led to experiments that would detect dark matter as it scatters from ordinary particles. Princeton University physicists and collaborators who are working on this problem needed to use a rare isotope of the inert gas argon. A National Science Foundation award to Princeton enabled the university group to test samples of underground gases to locate the required argon. In doing so, they discovered a source from a private company where the argon is captured during a CO2extraction process. In addition to the extraction process, we also found that it captures helium. This new helium supply is expected to replace more than 15 percent of the commercial helium that is provided by the Bureau of Land Management. We have all used helium in balloons and to make our voices high and squeaky, but there are industrial, medical, and scientific processes that use helium as well. We need to provide funding to the National Science Foundation and to other scientific research organizations to continue making such discoveries and help keep America strong. 
END THE EPIDEMIC OF GUN SILENCE (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this picture of these murdered children was from 3 years ago, but the mass murders continue, and the American people are saying, ‘‘Enough,’’ and they are demanding that this Congress put an end to our epidemic on gun silence; but, for nearly two decades, there has been a gag order in place that has prevented scientific research into the causes and cures of gun violence. The 1997 omnibus budget bill contained language that was made for the gun lobby. It targeted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention with the intended effect of prohibiting any federally funded research on the serious public health issue of gun violence. Sadly, the progun lobby was successful in its efforts to censor science—this despite the fact that guns have taken more lives in this country since 1968 than were lost in all of the wars this Nation has ever fought. So I urge my colleagues to support my bill, H.R. 2612, to restore funding— to lift the gag rule—for research on gun violence and prevention, because, on this issue, the science is literally killing us. 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FARM CREDIT SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise, first, to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Farm Credit System in America. The Farm Credit System in America was set 100 years ago to provide lending opportunities for American farmers, ranchers, dairymen—those who tilled the soil, those who put food on America’s dinner table every night. Through the success of the Farm Credit organizations throughout this country, we celebrate now 100 years of that successful ability to make loans to those who are young, who are older farmers, who are starting out, who have been farming for generations—to those who in every region of America do best, which is to produce the healthiest, the most nutritious, the most bountiful crops anywhere grown in the world so that American consumers and their families can enjoy those food products at the lowest cost value possible. Clearly, we know that the success of American agriculture is, in large part, due to the success of the Farm Credit organizations across this country. We commend them for their efforts and celebrate 100 years of making America the most productive agricultural country in the world. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise, sadly, to address the terror attack that occurred last Sunday in Orlando, Florida. Today, the President and the Vice President are journeying to Orlando to mourn with those families and friends who felt this terrible tragedy that has reverberated across America. As we mourn the loss of those lives, we stand with the LGBT community and decry all crimes of hate against all people in America and throughout the world. Sadly, in my district, there have been multiple instances of hate crimes committed, in part, against the Sikh community and against other communities. In the wake of the deadliest shooting in U.S. history, issues like hate crimes, access to weapons, and the threat of terrorism are at the forefront of Americans’ thoughts. As Members of Congress, we have to ask ourselves: At what point are we going to have an honest discussion about the continuation of hate crimes that happen throughout our country? When is enough enough? If now is not the time, then when is the time? The deadly shootings that took place in Orlando, we know, could have happened anywhere in the United States. The reality is that we do not have a consensus here in this House on the appropriate policies that are needed to prevent it from happening again. It is time that we stop playing politics if we are ever going to have an honest discussion, a conversation, about preventing hate crimes in America. Sound bites and blaming others do not translate into improving policies that make Americans safer. It simply doesn’t. I urge my colleagues, on a bipartisan basis, to thoughtfully discuss and to hold hearings on these very important issues so that we can pass meaningful legislation. Yes, if we pass meaningful legislation, it will have to be, by its very nature, bipartisan. Pass it, and send it to the President’s desk so that it can be signed into law. Hopefully, we will point back to a time when we won’t have to stand for a moment of silence for a tragedy that occurred in some part of America. Americans, I believe, want us to do better, and we owe them that. CALIFORNIA ’S WATER SYSTEM  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, finally, I rise, as I have on a regular basis, to update Members of the House on the situation that faces California’s water system—the devastating drought that now has gone beyond 4 years. Today, the Shasta Lake and Folsom Lake, which are part of the Central Valley’s project—two major reservoirs in the Sacramento River watershed— have enough water to supply 100 percent water allocations to farmers in the Sacramento Valley and to the San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors, along with wildlife refuges in the San Joaquin Valley. We had hoped for an El Nino year. We didn’t get it, but we did get between 80 and 95 percent of our normal supply, which is much better than the 5 percent of snow and rain that we received the year before. Notwithstanding that fact, the United States National Marine Fisheries Service and the Fish and Wildlife Service are now proposing new efforts in recent weeks to recover species, which will impact Reclamation’s ability to deliver the water that they had previously allocated. In the spring, the way the Federal and State water projects work, is that, in April, the snow depths are measured—that is about the end of our snow in California—as is the precipitation during our rain time period of the year, and they measure how much water is available to be allocated for all of the water contractors, both in the Federal service areas and in the State service areas. Yet, if the action that is being proposed 2 months later by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and by NMFS—as a part of the NOAA Federal agency—is taken, it would be unprecedented that 2 months after allocations have been made, based upon what we believe the snow to be in the mountains and the rain we receive this winter, the allocations somehow would be taken back or dramatically cut back. Despite an abundance of water in the Shasta Reservoir—it is almost full— the National Marine Fisheries Service is considering a temperature control plan that would limit releases of only 8,000 cubic feet per second of water. Now the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is asking that we allow more water out, and, of course, the National Marine Fisheries Service is asking that we restrict water to reserve a cold water pool. The constraints, which are required by existing regulations, have the following implications if, in fact, these actions are taken: One, it would prevent farmers in the Sacramento Valley from diverting water already promised by Reclamation. Unheard of; It would limit Reclamation’s ability to export water to meet its commitment to the Exchange Contractors and to senior water rights holders in the San Joaquin Valley. It has not happened before; It could lead to Reclamation’s having to make releases from Friant Dam, which is in my service area, to meet other contractors’ needs and reduce water previously promised to farmers in the Friant system, who, over the last 2 years, have received a zero water allocation. In April, Reclamation said they could get 35 percent of their normal water. Then, in May, it was increased by another 30 percent to 65 percent. Now they are talking about cutting it in half, maybe. Unacceptable; It would also be unlikely that Reclamation could supply the meager 5 percent of allocation that was made for southofdelta agricultural water service contractors. Let me tell you that these contractors, for over 2 years, have had a zero water allocation. Hundreds of thousands of acres, as a result of that, have gone unplanted—fallow. These are devastating impacts for farmers, farmworkers, and the farm communities that I represent that work so hard every day to put food on America’s dinner table. That is the consequence. Reclamation would be required to, once again, drain the reserves in the Folsom Reservoir, the Folsom Dam. These consequences, in my view, are unacceptable and should not occur. While the National Marine Fisheries Service is proposing water to be held in Shasta through the summer and fall, the Fish and Wildlife Service is requesting additional outflow, during the summer, for increasing the habitat for delta smelt. b1430 These conflicting requests make no sense. They make no sense to the person on the street. They make no sense if you try to explain it to people enjoying their dinner at their dinner table. And they certainly don’t make any sense to the farmers, the farmworkers, and the farm communities. The request, I might add, is outside of the requirements of the 2008 biological opinion—I called them the flawed biological opinions—under the Endangered Species Act, and it is in direct contradiction to the requests made by the National Marine Fisheries Service. Further, the Fish and Wildlife Service has failed to conduct the statutory analysis on the outflow request; and when they made the request, it was made without adequate scientific support under the environmental review process. If I sound frustrated, I have good reason to be frustrated. 
Additionally, the Fish and Wildlife Service is also failing to implement a comprehensive plan for species recovery. In testimony, the head of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, when I asked over a month ago if they had a recovery plan, said: Well, yes. I said: Well, what is it? He said: Well, it is 20 years old, so it is really out of date. I said: Well, then, you really don’t have a plan. And they acknowledged that. Part of the comprehensive recovery plan does include provisions like those in legislation that we voted on yesterday in the Natural Resources Committee, the Save Our Salmon Act, of which I am a cosponsor. This act would begin to limit the impacts of predator species that are one of the principal causes of the decline of salmon and smelt in the delta. So the Save Our Salmon Act needs to be heard here on the floor, and I hope it will be passed and ultimately signed into law. So the requirements made by the National Marine Fisheries Service, the Fish and Wildlife Service are unprecedented, I say again; and the impacts, intended or not, are real. They will be severe throughout California, especially in the San Joaquin Valley that I represent a part of, affecting as much as 6 million acres of productive, prime agricultural land that produces half the Nation’s fruits and vegetables. That is the number one citrus State in the Nation, the number one dairy State in the Nation, number one production in wine and grapes. The product lines, 300 commodities, go on and on and on. That is how devastating these decisions could be if, in fact, they were granted. So I urge the administration to reject these harmful actions. Common sense, at some time, must be applied. Let’s prevent this train wreck from happening. Let’s get to work on fixing a broken water system in California that was designed for 20 million people. Today we have 41 million people living in California. It was designed for the agriculture we had in the sixties. Today, we are far more productive in our agricultural efforts, and it was never designed in a way to provide for environmental water as it is being requested today. So it is a broken water system because, when we have continuous dry years, it cannot serve all the demands that are placed upon it for our people, for our farms, and to ensure that we have the ability to maintain the environment for future generations to come. I yield back the balance of my time. 
CHALLENGES FACING THE COUNTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), my good friend and a great Member of Congress. 
1⁄2years, this President has ignored Article I of the Constitution and the will of the American people. The balance of power detailed in the Constitution is very clear: Congress writes laws; the President executes those laws. But through controversial executive orders and questionable regulations and selective enforcement of laws, the President has time and again bypassed our government’s critical system of checks and balances to drive his own personal agenda of Big Government and big regulation. Congress must reset this balance, reclaim its legislative power, and reestablish the integrity of Article I of the Constitution. The most blatant attack on our Constitution is his executive order to suspend immigration laws for nearly 4 million people who are in our country illegally. In acting alone, the President has made clear his desire for amnesty for illegal immigrants, in direct violation of the laws of this Nation. We are a nation of immigrants. But more importantly, Mr. Speaker, we are a nation of laws. This issue will only be resolved when the executive branch enforces existing law and works with the elected Members of Congress instead of sidestepping the Constitution and disrespecting the will of the people. Mr. Speaker, Americans are desperate for greater security and economic opportunity. This comes with elevating, not undermining, the spirit of selfgovernment, on which our Nation was founded. This is not a Republican or a Democrat issue. This is an American issue, and it touches the core of our system of government. It is time that we restore and protect Article I of the Constitution and put the people first. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, such an articulate person in Congress is appreciated by all of us, especially so clear thinking. That is exactly the kind of thinking we need in the executive branch. Mr. Speaker, we have an article just in from Carolyn May today: ‘‘441 Syrian Refugees Admitted to the U.S. Since the Orlando Attack, Dozens to Florida.’’ It says: ‘‘The administration has accelerated the pace of resettlement despite warnings from top security officials about potential vulnerabilities in vetting migrants from terrorhotspots like Syria and reports that ISIS operatives have infiltrated the refugee flows. ‘‘In written testimony prepared for a Thursday hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee, CIA Director John Brennan again warned about the potential for ISIS operatives to manipulate the refugee system, as well as other immigration paths.’’ While our CIA Director from this administration was warning the Senate here on Capitol Hill about ISIS being amongst the Syrian refugees—and ISIS leaders themselves have said, oh, yeah, we are going to have some of our killers amongst the socalled Syrian refugees. Because we don’t really know where they are from, and that was pretty clear from testimony sometime back from FBI Director Comey, who said, sure, basically we will vet them, but we have no information to vet them with. Whoever they say they are, wherever they say they are from, especially if they say they are from Syria, we really don’t have a good way to disprove or to prove. So, yeah, we will vet them. But since we have nothing to check with—as he said, you know, we had tremendous information from Iraq. We had the government’s own records, but we got nothing to vet the Syrians. So perhaps this is an area we should believe the Islamic State leaders when they say ‘‘we are getting our terrorists in amongst the Syrian refugees.’’ And apparently the CIA Director takes this seriously. And we hope, at some point, the President will as well. Before people get too harsh in their judgments of the FBI or the FBI agents who had questioned the Orlando shooter, the killer, the murderer, the Islamic radical in Orlando, it is important that we keep in mind that—you know, the 9/11 Commission was composed of Republicans, Democrats, and this bipartisan group used this term, ‘‘violent extremism.’’ They only used that three times, because they knew from their good report. They talked about the ‘‘enemy’’ 39 times. This administration doesn’t like to talk about an enemy, so it is not appropriate for the FBI nor the National Intelligence Strategy. And this FBI counterterrorism lexicon was developed in 2009 after this President took office because they wanted to make sure that we don’t offend the people who want to kill us and destroy our way of life. So there are terms that are off limits in this administration, in the FBI, in the national intelligence community. I haven’t gotten any updates officially, but from what I understand from friends that work in these areas, there is no real update. You want a quick end to your career in the FBI or in our intelligence agencies, then all you have to use are the terms ‘‘jihad,’’ ‘‘Muslim,’’ ‘‘Islam.’’ If you talk about the Muslim Brotherhood, your career is pretty well over. You don’t want to talk about Hamas or Hezbollah. ‘‘Al Qaeda,’’ that was used one time in the National Intelligence Strategy that this administration put forth. But for heaven’s sake, even though the radical Islamists are making clear that they want an international caliphate in which everyone bows their knee to Allah and to the twelfth imam, the imam that is going to come back and lead everybody, you sure don’t want to say it in this administration. 
And it is not appropriate to talk about sharia. Unfortunately, polls these days are showing that there is a massive number and a massive percentage of people who have already immigrated into the United States who are Muslim that say that they owe their allegiance more to sharia than to our Constitution. I know that people constantly say we should not discriminate, and certainly we should not, you know, as a judge, as a prosecutor, as a chief justice, discriminate based on things that were inappropriate. But if somebody is committing a crime, has committed a crime, wants to destroy our way of life, bring down our government, destroy Western civilization, it is okay to discriminate against those people because what they have done or want to do is called a crime. If they want to bring down our Constitution and have it submissive to sharia law, the appropriate term for that is treason. And it is okay to discriminate against people who want to destroy your country, destroy your government, bring down the Constitution, and it is okay to discriminate. If someone wants to immigrate into this country—and we are getting word that some are instructed not to talk about or mention their religious beliefs and just say it is none of your business—it is important to find out, before we give American citizenship to people, whether or not they can take the oath as a citizen honestly, truthfully, with no hesitation. Because if they cannot, then we need to discriminate against them and prevent those people who want to commit treason from becoming American citizens. b1445 It is called selfdefense. It is called selfpreservation. So, no, we don’t want to ever discriminate against anybody based on race, creed, color, national origin, gender, age; but if somebody is not willing, because of their religious beliefs, to state that the Constitution is something to which they can pledge their complete allegiance, then they are not supposed to get citizenship. It is supposed to be denied. If you want to call that discrimination, then that is the kind that is okay. But the administration is going so far out of its way to try not to offend people that want to kill us and bring down our way of life that you can’t talk about who our enemy is. So for the three of us who have been through many of the materials that have been purged from our training materials because they offended radical Islamists and Muslim Brotherhood sympathizers, it is important to understand, our FBI agents are not allowed to be properly trained to recognize what a radical Islamist believes, what he or she reads, the appearances that they have to ascribe to, all these things. They are teachable because they are being taught to radical Islamists that want the international caliphate. I know the immediate reaction to killings. I have dear friends on the other side of the aisle, and I know that they are honorable and truly believe the best thing to do is to start having restrictions on guns; but if we were simply dealing with people who should not be in this country—and if they are in this country, they should not be walking free; and if they are in this country, they should never have been allowed to get guns under the laws, if they exist, if this administration were properly training our agents and enforcing the laws—then we wouldn’t have to go after the guns, and these people would be alive today. I understand their concerns. The anger is normally with the instrument used. I was reading, again, earlier about the 100 days in Rwanda, when between 500,000 to a million—many estimates say around 800,000 Rwandans— were killed mainly with machetes and clubs. Most of these people didn’t have guns, but they were intent on terrorizing the nation—at least the Tutsi people—and terrorize them they did. They killed them. They terrorized them. There was widespread rape. It was just a disaster of biblical proportions. Just horrendous. But when someone is intent on terrorizing to that extent, they use whatever weapons are available, whether it is a machete, a club, a gun, a pressure cooker, or whatever they have available, or fertilizer, as is so often used for making bombs. So our FBI, they are not able to use these words. The term ‘‘religious’’ has been used three times in the counterterrorism lexicon, ‘‘religious.’’ And, of course, it is important to the current administration to use the term ‘‘religious’’ from time to time because, as our Department of Homeland Security has already told us and as the Secretary of Homeland Security reaffirmed this week, we know that rightwing extremists are every bit as much a threat to the United States as Islamic radicals. Something I am not hearing a lot about, but I sure hear it when I get fussed at by rightwing extremists. I know some people think that I am a rightwing extremist, but if you look back at the things the most liberal people in the country were saying in the early 1960s, boy, I am right there mainstream. We will see again in November, but apparently I am pretty mainstream with the people of east Texas. But they have the same beliefs that our Founders did. They want freedom, and they want liberty, and they want their constitutional rights, which includes the right to keep and bear arms so that, if somebody with a machete or somebody with a club or somebody with a gun who is intent on terrorizing, it won’t only be the terrorists and the criminals who have the guns. They want to keep their guns. So what I am hearing from rightwing extremists that stay mad at me because I don’t speak up enough to their way of thinking is that they are angry because we have an administration that won’t identify the enemy. Clearly, most Americans understand radical Islamists are at war with America. Pointed out numerous times, but around the world, Muslim leaders have just been aghast and are asking me: What is wrong with your country? You are helping the wrong Muslims. You are helping the Muslim brothers who are at war with you. How about being a friend of those of us who are not at war with you? And they are right. This administration has brought too many people alongside who do not like this country. Let’s look at the Orlando terrorist, the radical Islamist. He was 29 years old, and he was born in America. I have been warning about this for years, but people come here on visas, have a child, and then people here mistakenly think that that means they have to be an American citizen, where it seems pretty clear to some of us if we change the legislation to say that we stand with all the rest—I don’t know of any other place that does what we do, but we stand with at least most, if not all the rest, of the world, and changing our law to say: just because you are born in America does not mean you are an American citizen. I have even heard somebody on FOX News say: Well, there is no way around it. If you are born in America, it doesn’t matter who you are or where you are from, you are an American citizen. That is simply not true. If you go back and look at the debate over the 14th Amendment, the proponent of the 14th Amendment made it very clear that there are some groups that will not be American citizens under the 14th Amendment. We still recognize today the fact that if you are a diplomat here from a foreign country, then you are not subject to all of the laws of the country, and your children born here in America are not citizens. So, hopefully, those who think it is automatic no matter where you are from, they will be educated and know that is simply not the case. So we also have the right to tell people: No, if you come here illegally, just because you sneak in to the United States illegally or pay a gang or a drug cartel to get you in illegally does not mean that you are going to start increasing legally the population of the United States. But under existing laws, Omar Mateen was a 29yearold American born citizen. According to The Denver Post, Mateen’s family was from Afghanistan, but he was born in New York City. According to CBS News, Seddique Mir Mateen, the father of Omar Mateen, has wellknown anti American views and is an ideological supporter of the Afghan Taliban. That is what I have been warning about. People who hate America, who have sympathized with those who want to 
destroy America, have kids here, and we say that their kids are American citizens. We are creating time bombs within our own Nation. The older Mateen hosts a program on Californiabased satellite Afghan TV station called the Durand Jirga Show, and the primary audience being ethnic Pashtun Afghans living in the United States. According to CBS: ‘‘In his Facebook videos, the alleged gunman’s father has often appeared wearing a military uniform and declaring himself the leader of a ‘transitional revolutionary government’ of Afghanistan. He claims to have his own intelligence agency and close ties to the U.S. Congress—assets he says he will use to subvert Pakistani influence and take control of Afghanistan.’’ The younger Mateen was previously married in 2009 to a woman who, according to FOX News, was born in Uzbekistan, but the couple divorced in 2011. According to Omar Mateen’s ex wife, he ‘‘was not a stable person. He beat me’’—which is okay under many Muslims’ interpretation of sharia law. My wife doesn’t agree with that, and, therefore, I do not either—‘‘he would just come home and start beating me up because the laundry wasn’t finished or something like that.’’ Mateen is currently married to Noor Salman and has a 3yearold son. I was speaking tongueincheek about my wife. Actually, my mother is deceased since 1991, but growing up with an older sister, it was made clear you don’t touch a girl. No matter if she hits you, you don’t hit her back. You come tell us. That is the way I have lived. But, you know, many around the world who believe sharia law is much superior to the U.S. Constitution think it is just fine to beat a woman. That is not legal in America, for those in doubt. Thank God. In addition to his views on women and African Americans, Mateen has also had a history of anger toward members of the LGBTQ community. According to Mateen’s father, his son was very angry about a recent incident involving two men kissing in public. Per Mateen’s father, as reported by The Washington Post: ‘‘We were in downtown Miami, Bayside, people were playing music. And he saw two men kissing each other in front of his wife and kid and he got very angry,’’ the father told NBC News. ‘‘They were kissing each other and touching each other and he said, ‘Look at that. In front of my son they are doing that.’’’ I do recognize, apparently, according to reports, Mateen had visited the gay bar before. Apparently he had also visited a Disney park, people believe in casing the place for potential attack. Whatever his reasons for going to the gay bar before, whether he had those tendencies and because of his Muslim radical Islamic teaching, he hated himself for it, whatever the reason, we know that what he is taught is that no matter how bad the sins are that he has committed, if he can go out of this life killed while he is killing Christians, Jews, nonMuslims, Muslims who have converted to something else, if he can go out, be killed while he is killing people like that, it doesn’t matter what sins he has committed in his life, under his radical Islamic beliefs, he goes to paradise. I believe with all my heart nobody in the universe was more shocked than Mateen after he went to the other side. It appears that Mateen first started walking down the path toward radicalization sometime after the end of his first marriage. Friends of the shooter describe how he became steadily more religious after his divorce and even went on a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia. b1500 As reported by multiple news outlets, Mateen has twice been investigated by the FBI. The first investigation involved comments he made which suggested he had an affinity for Islamic extremist groups. The second investigation involved connections to a Florida man who traveled to Syria and became a suicide bomber for. Per the Washington Post, ‘‘Neither probe turned up evidence of wrongdoing. Mateen,’’ according to them, ‘‘had a blemishfree record.’’ That is ridiculous. As a result of these two FBI investigations, Mateen was at one time placed on a terrorist watch list maintained by the FBI. According to the LA Times, Mateen was removed from the list after the FBI’s two investigations were concluded. But, again, we have to remember, the FBI is not allowed to talk to people about jihad: What are your beliefs about Islamic jihad? Do you think it is a simple, peaceable conversion within your own heart and mind? Or do you believe jihad means it is okay to go out and kill people who disagree with radical Islam or your view of Islam? If you can’t talk about someone’s beliefs in Islam, you can’t get to whether or not they have been radicalized. So we have some incredibly talented and intelligent FBI and intelligence agents that are completely ignorant of what they need to know because this administration has made clear to them you don’t go there. If you have ever learned about jihad, Muslim, Islam, takfir, Muslim Brotherhood, Hamas, Hezbollah, al Qaeda, caliphate, if you have ever been taught about those things and what to recognize in a radical Islamist, then you better keep your mouth shout about them or you will lose your career, as one of the original Homeland Security employees, dedicated patriot Philip Haney, learned when he was pointing out terrorists. So it makes it tough when you are in the FBI, in our intelligence, and you know the President will not call somebody a radical Islamist. And I know our President was belittling those of us who said it is important to recognize our enemy. The chairman of the Homeland Security Committee had said earlier today those very words. Those are very important words. He said we have to define our enemy to defeat it. He said if this President won’t define it, this body will. Our bill that we passed today didn’t define it at all. It didn’t mention the words ‘‘radical Islam,’’ ‘‘jihad,’’ ‘‘Muslim Brotherhood,’’ ‘‘Hamas,’’ ‘‘Hezbollah,’’ ‘‘al Qaeda,’’ ‘‘international caliphate,’’ or those who were more devoted to sharia law than to our Constitution. So this is a little bit of a problem. This article from the Daily Mail has this as a summary: ‘‘Seddique Mateen is the father of mass shooter Omar Mateen, 29. Mateen Senior is an Afghan who hosts the Durand Jirga Show. This show is aired on YouTube channel’’—I am not even going to say. ‘‘He visited Congress, the State Department and met with political leaders during a trip to Washington, DC, in April. He also attended a hearing on Afghanistan security while in the capital. Pictures from 2015 show him meeting’’ with some folks up here. ‘‘Police seen searching him home, located close to where his son lived.’’ Obviously, his father’s strong support or expressed support of the Taliban should have caused concerns. And I know the word ‘‘discrimination’’ has been overused, to the point that people who saw in Mateen the potential radical Islamist mass shooter were cowed by political correctness, as was the company he worked for when they refused to deal with the complaints about his radical Islamic problems. Political correctness killed 49 people. Should we ban political correctness because it closed the eyes of the FBI agents to seeing they had a radical Islamist they were talking to during their two investigations? Should we indict political correctness or ban it from America because the FBI, when they investigated and talked to the older Tsarnaev brother before he killed and maimed in the Boston bombing—should we ban political correctness because the FBI didn’t know what to ask? The FBI Director himself—at that time, Mueller. I had understood they had not gone to the mosque where Tsarnaev was attending after they got word he had been radicalized. I said: You didn’t even go to the mosque where they attended? He said: We did go to the mosque— and I didn’t hear it until it was replayed later—in our outreach program. That is right. In a previous hearing to that, he had explained: Look, the Muslim community is like every other religious community in America. There is no difference whatsoever. We have a wonderful outreach program with the Muslim community. It is going great. But it is just like every other community. He said it over and over. When it was my time to question, I said: Since it is just like every other community in America, Director 
Mueller, how is the outreach program of the FBI going with the Buddhists and the Jewish community and the Baptist community and the Hindu community? How are your outreach programs to those religious communities? He had to back up and try to figure out something to say. And basically, it was: We have a combined outreach to all those other groups. We don’t have a specific outreach to all of those others—the Baptists, Christians, or Jews. They don’t have an outreach program like that because, to the FBI way of thinking, we have outreach to all religious groups in America as a whole, and because of our concern about American safety, apparently—why else would they have it?—we have a specific outreach to the Muslim community. Well, isn’t that strange? If you only have an FBI and a government outreach program to one religious group in America, then it is a little bit hard to honestly say that there is no difference whatsoever in these religious communities, because if that had been truthful statements made to our committee here on the Hill, there would not be a Muslim outreach program. I was, I have to say, very gratified that, after having evidence in the FBI’s possession for about at least 18 years, some of which was used in the Holy Land Foundation trial in which a verdict was obtained in November 2008, they had evidence to show that the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations was a coconspirator in supporting terrorism. So finally, in 2009, after years of their outreach program with CAIR as a community partner, they finally had to send a letter to the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations, or CAIR, and say: Well, because of some of the stuff that came out at the Holy Land Foundation trial, we are going to need to suspend our partnership. How many partnerships does the FBI have with the Jewish community or with the Hindu community or with the very peaceloving Sikh community? How many? We can’t find any. And I look forward to hearing from the administration if they have such wonderful outreach programs that they have started since the Director of the FBI testified before us. We continue to blind ourselves, as our intelligence officer told me, to our ability to see our enemy, and people in America are going to continue to die. Though I care deeply about some of our Democratic friends—they are wonderful people—they think the solution is stopping Americans from getting certain guns. Can’t you just agree, I had a reporter say yesterday, to ban assault weapons? I have been engaged in the legal profession long enough in different capacities to know that, once you ban an assault weapon, you can ban every gun that exists. It reminded me of when I was thinking about going to law school, although my late mother and a doctor in Mount Pleasant kept telling me: LOUIE, you are smart. You can really help people. You would be a great doctor. Don’t throw your life away and go to law school. You could really help people. You would be a great doctor. And my mother hoped I would. And if not that, at least I would be a college professor. My dad used to send me clippings— Dad is still alive and 90 years old this year—when I was expressing interest in going to law school. There was never a shortage of newspaper clippings about how rotten lawyers were. Headlines would be things like: There Are Too Many Lawyers in America; Lawyers Are Destroying America; quoting Shakespeare, First, We Kill All the Lawyers—all these types of articles. Normally, he would put a little note on it: Son, are you really sure about this? Well, I love and respect my father. And I finally wrote a letter back: I have done a lot of soulsearching, Dad, and I have come to the realization that the law is a tool, like a hammer. The law can be used constructively to build up or it can be used very destructively to destroy. It is all about the hand holding the hammer. A socalled assault weapon in the hands of an American military member, in the hands of law enforcement, or in the hands of someone whose home is being invaded by multiple burglars with guns is a good thing to have. If the principal at Sandy Hook had been running, as she so heroically did, at the gunman with any kind of gun in her hand—any kind of assault weapon, as some want to call some guns—there would have been people saved. So, once you say we are banning assault weapons, then you are on the road to banning all weapons. Every gun, every machete that has killed hundreds of thousands of Rwandans in 1994, I believe it was, in the wrong hands, is an assault weapon. Why can’t we focus on the hands that are holding the weapons? Why can’t we train our FBI and our intelligence community to recognize hands that are going to use a machete, a gun? I know people report it was an AR–15 that the Orlando shooter used. It was not. It is an awfully small caliber, but whatever. Let’s train them to figure out which Americans are intent on committing treason, not by speculation, but by the things they have already said and done. And if we had not blinded them, San Bernardino could have been stopped, the Orlando shooting could have been stopped, the Boston Marathon bombing could have been stopped. I know Janet Napolitano took credit for the system working when the underwear bomber was stopped, but that was some heroic Americans. One intelligence person told me that, actually, the reason the bomb didn’t go off is because his rear end had sweated too much and defused the fuse and it didn’t go off. b1515 Well, we can’t always count on a terrorist’s rear end sweating too much to save hundreds of American lives. We have to have an intelligence community and a law enforcement community that can recognize when enemies are within our gate, as this President continues to bring them. It should disturb a lot of Americans, as this article from Alan Neuhauser points out, that the ‘‘Security Firm That Employed the Orlando Gunman Guards U.S. Nuclear Sites.’’ The article points out: ‘‘The security firm that employed the Orlando gunman behind the worst massshooting in U.S. history says it’s guarded ’90 percent of the U.S. nuclear facilities’— raising concern that wouldbe terrorists could easily gain inside access to the most sensitive sites on American soil and release untold devastation.’’ And it goes on to make some good points, but I don’t think we would worry about someone going into one of these nuclear facilities, getting nuclear material to make a nuclear weapon. That would probably not happen, but it is quite conceivable they could get nuclear material and create a dirty bomb, a bomb with nuclear material in it and around it so that it is dispersed, causing more death. This article from Stephen Dinan, from The Washington Times says: ‘‘Americanborn children of immigrants proving fruitful recruiting ground for jihad in U.S.’’ Thank God, most of the children of immigrants that have come into the United States have helped and have made this country what was at one time the freest nation in the history of the world. We are not listed as the freest nation anymore, not near the top. This article from The Daily Caller says: ‘‘Coworker: Orlando Terrorist’s Employer Ignored Unhinged Comments for Fear of Being Politically Incorrect. ‘‘Daniel Gilroy used to work at G4S Security and complained to the company numerous times about Mateen’s derogatory comments regarding homosexuals and people of other races. He also talked about massacring people. ‘‘Gilroy said, G4S Security did absolutely nothing in response to the complaints for fear of being politically incorrect, as 29yearold Mateen was an open Muslim, Florida Today reports.’’ Political correctness has now gotten so far afield, it is killing people. Let’s talk about banning political correctness that keeps our FBI and intelligence from being able to talk about radical Islam. According to Peter Hasson from The Daily Caller: ‘‘DHS Secretary: Right Wingers Pose Same Threat As Islamic Extremists.’’ I mentioned earlier, people that— rightwing extremists that are mad at me are mad because we are not doing enough to stop radical Islamists from destroying our country, terrorizing our 
country, terrorizing our freedoms, telling us we can’t say what we believe because we have lost our freedom of speech. We can’t practice our Christian beliefs as the Bible teaches, because it may offend someone. For heaven’s sake, let’s compare. These radical Islamists believe that the way to paradise and to complete forgiveness of Islamic sins, no matter how bad, is to be killing a bunch of nonMuslims. When your life is taken, you go straight to paradise. On the other hand, I know the President loves to castigate Christians and say, hey, you know, Christians had the Crusades. Anybody that was out there saying, I kill you in the name of Christ, is not killing people legitimately in the name of Christ, because Jesus said, ‘‘Greater love hath no one than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ And, of course, he was talking about men and women. There is a pretty clear, distinct difference between what radical Islamists believe as well as what Christians who truly believe the teachings of Christ, what they believe. Yet, Jeh Johnson, the Homeland Security has released before: You have to watch those Evangelical Christians because they believe what Jesus said, you know, that you want to share the Gospel with people so that they learn love and not hate. So these real Evangelical Christians, like my friend, TRENT FRANKS from Arizona, wow, he is a hulking threat because he believes that the two greatest commandments in the world are love God and love each other, and on those two laws hang all the law and the prophets. The Daily Caller also has an article about—and this is a member who is above the countering violent extremism advisory group. He is now elevated to the advisory council where Muslim Brother sympathizer, Elibiary, from Plano, Texas—he was until they finally had to let him go after he tweeted about the caliphate, the international caliphate being inevitable. But this is who has replaced him. I am not sure how to pronounce it. It looks like Marayati, something like that. He ‘‘is the president of the Muslim Public Affairs Council. He currently serves on the Homeland Security Advisory Committee’s Foreign Fighter Task Force as well as HSAC Subcommittee on Faith Based Security and Communications . . . In 2001, AlMarayati suggested that Israel—not Islamic extremists— was ultimately behind the September 11 terrorist attacks . . . In 2013, Judicial Watch noted that AlMarayati told attendees at a 2005 conference for the Islamic Society of North America’’— another named coconspirator in the Holy Land Foundation supporting terrorism trial—‘‘that ‘Counterterrorism and counterviolence should be defined by us’’’—talking about the Muslims that think Israel was behind 9/11. He said: ‘‘‘We should define how an effective counterterrorism policy should be pursued in this country,’’ America. ‘‘So, number one, we reject any effort, notion, suggestion that Muslims should start spying on one another.’’’ Well, that is exactly what FBI Director Mueller said they were going to do. They had this wonderful outreach program so that Muslims will come and report other Muslims in advance, just like Mateen’s wife did; since she knew that he was about to go kill a whole bunch of Americans, she came forward and reported—oh, wait. No, she didn’t, did she? I guess the outreach program didn’t work so well there. Well, maybe before the Boston bombing, maybe the outreach program worked there. Oh, that is right, they went to the mosque not about Tsarnaev being radicalized, as they had already been advised by the Russians, but just to have a meal and visit and talk. And, gee, the people at the mosque forgot to say: By the way, Tsarnaev is starting to demonstrate what we have seen every time somebody has been radicalized. And, oh, by the way, Director Mueller, you obviously are not aware—as he was not when I asked him—but our mosque was started by Al Amoudi, who your FBI helped put in prison after they finally were tipped off by—from what I understand—British intelligence, that Al Amoudi, who helped pick Muslims to serve in the Clinton administration, in the military, and also to be chaplains in the prison where, by the way, we are now getting reports and have for some time, that inmates are being radicalized. Gee, imagine that. Al Amoudi doing 23 years for supporting terrorism, helped pick imams to serve in our prisons and in our government agencies, and in the military, and, gee, they are being radicalized. What a shock. Well, the article goes on: ‘‘Investor’s Business Daily took an editorial stand against the invite.’’ When the Obama administration invited AlMarayati to a 3day summit on fighting extremism in 2015, initially, the White House tried to conceal that from reporters, but it finally was made clear. So Investor’s Business Daily said: ‘‘AlMarayati has a long record of defending terrorists and justifying violence against nonMuslims—an easy one for the White House to vet for extremism. ‘‘According to White House visitor records, AlMarayati has visited the White House 11 times since 2009 . . . Kyle Shideler, the director of the Center for Security Policy’s Threat Information Office, told The Daily Caller that ‘AlMaryati’s association with the HSAC underlines what an unfortunate farce the entire, Combating Violent Extremism, program is. AlMaryati’s only notable counterterrorism contribution is having suggested Israel be included as a suspect on 9/11. ‘‘‘His very organization,’’ the Muslim Public Affairs Council, or MPAC, ‘‘has historically cosponsored events in support of the very kinds of extremists he’s been appointed to help oppose, which is no surprise, given that the organization’s roots lay with men who literally studied at the foot of Muslim Brotherhood leader, Hassan AlBanna’ . . . ‘As long as the Obama administration is more concerned with keeping groups like AlMarayati’s happy with them instead of investigating actual terrorism, we will never have a sane counterterror policy.’ ‘‘The Daily Caller previously reported on Monday that a current sitting member on the HSAC Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism, Laila Alawa, is a 25yearold immigrant of Syrian heritage who said the 9/11 attacks ‘changed the world for good’ and has consistently disparaged America, free speech, and white people on social media.’’ And if you look at the things that that other adviser to Jeh Johnson tweeted, here is a tweet that Ms. Alawa sent out: ‘‘I can’t deal with people saying America is the best nation in the world. Be critical. Be conscious. Don’t be idiots.’’ Yeah, people like my friend, and like the Speaker, you know, we think America is the best place in the world. But according to Jeh Johnson’s adviser, we are idiots. She tweeted: ‘‘The US has never been a utopia unless you were a straight White male that owned land. Straight up period go home shut up.’’ Wow. She also said: ‘‘You can’t say something intolerant and not expect consequences. Not on my watch.’’ She said all kinds of hateful things about America, about Whites, about those who love this country. Great article in The Daily Caller. Did the FBI training purge cause agency to drop the ball on Orlando shooter? Clearly, it did. Well, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, every Republican I have heard speak on this issue, including those from Homeland Security, have acknowledged that the President and our intelligence need to start talking about jihad, Muslim, Islam, radical Muslim, radical Islam, Muslim Brotherhood. And they are not allowed to talk about it without risking their career, and that is why I voted ‘‘no’’ on the bill today. b1530 These things have basically passed before. But all they talk about is countering violent extremism, countering violent extremism; five ‘‘countering violent extremism’’ on page 3. But it basically tells the Secretary of Homeland Security to keep countering violent extremism. It never mentions the term ‘‘radical Islam.’’ After the Orlando shooting, we have an obligation, when the administration won’t call it what it is, to start calling what it is. I think the bill really didn’t do what we needed done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SURVIVAL OF PREMATURE BABIES AS YOUNG AS 20 WEEKS POSTFERTILIZATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) for 30 minutes. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I am fortunate this evening to have some precious friends in the gallery, and I am grateful that they are here. Their commitment to protecting the innocent unborn and their commitment just to America in general gives me great encouragement. My friends are Josh Decker and Rudolph Margraff. I am grateful that they are here. Mr. Speaker, sometimes in the area in which we live, we can become very dispirited; but once in a while, a medical marvel comes along and revives us all. Recently, the Pediatrics Journal of the American Medical Association reported on the progress being made in saving the earliest babies born prematurely. In a study conducted over 5 years in Cologne, Germany, the authors reviewed 106 cases of babies born from just under 22 weeks down to 20 weeks after fertilization. The authors found that with active prenatal and postnatal care, twothirds of these extremely premature babies survived until they were discharged from the hospital. Now, Mr. Speaker, these are much higher percentages than other recent studies have shown, and they demonstrate what active care, at what the authors call ‘‘the border of viability,’’ can accomplish. Mr. Speaker, I would just ask the Members of this body to consider and to absorb this encouraging and very enlightening news. This issue is real, Mr. Speaker, and it was torn from the abstract in my home State of Arizona, recently, when a 21 weekold baby—that is, 21 weeks after fertilization—was born alive after surviving an abortion. This happened in a Phoenix abortion clinic. Unfortunately, the baby was not transferred to the hospital in time, and the baby died. Mr. Speaker, if the American people knew how often tragedies like this occur, they would be so desperately outraged. I would call upon the Democrats in the United States Senate to allow a vote on the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. That bill passed this body overwhelmingly months ago, and it protected these, the tiniest of our little brothers and sisters. Mr. Speaker, protecting bornalive children is supported by 80 to 90 percent of the American people, and if the United States Senate has become so dysfunctional that they can’t even pass a bill to give effective Federal protection to innocent, bornalive children, then maybe it is time to board up the doors and windows of this place, go home, and hope the barbarians of this world will show more courage and mercy than we do. It is no wonder the American people are so fed up with the dysfunctional gridlock in the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, we are talking about protecting our bornalive little fellow human beings. The survival of these little babies is not a measure of their intrinsic and priceless value. It is a measure of our skill and will to help them live. I just hope that we can remind ourselves of our profound responsibility before God and to our oath of office to protect these, the tiniest of our little brothers and sisters. Mr. Speaker, I truly hope the United States Senate will pass the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. It deserves a vote. Democrats should allow it to come to the floor, and the Senate leadership should have the courage to put it on the floor for a fair upordown vote. If it gets a vote, it will pass. We have not lost our humanity completely, but have we lost the courage to make sure that something like that gets a vote? There are a lot of little voices that we can’t hear that I think would ask that question if they could. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 812. An act to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other purposes. H.R. 2137. An act to ensure Federal law enforcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their families, during a covered furlough. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 2276. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, June 20, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. House Concurrent Resolution 131. Resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run (Rept. 114–625). Referred to the House Calendar. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 5160. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the buildings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other property interests acquired by the National Gallery of Art (Rept. 114–626). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5494. A bill to reform our government, reduce the grip of special interests, and return our democracy to the American people through increased transparency and oversight of our elections and government; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 5495. A bill to require that certain information relating to terrorism investigations be included in the NICS database, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 5496. A bill to extend protections under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to parttime workers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5497. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the public disclosure of charges for certain hospital and ambulatory surgical center treatment episodes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 5498. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to authorize new empowerment zone designations for urban areas with high unemployment and high foreclosure rates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. BUCK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. FOXX, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. SANFORD , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. A USTINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. MEADOWS , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. B RADY  of Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. COLE, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. F LORES , Mr. CHAFFETZ , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. STUTZMAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. HUELSKAMP , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. YOHO, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. MULVANEY , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. B LUM, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. N UNES , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. MESSER ): H.R. 5499. A bill to require the appropriation of funds to use a fee, fine, penalty, or proceeds from a settlement received by a 
Federal agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, the Budget, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B EYER , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L EE, Ms. T SONGAS, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. F ARR, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. HONDA , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. EDWARDS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. FATTAH , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. MOULTON , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): H.R. 5500. A bill to protect taxpayers from liability associated with the reclamation of surface coal mining operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 5501. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the recruitment of physicians in the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5502. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide alternative identity verification procedures for individuals applying for Federal student assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5503. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit institutions of higher education from denying students admission on the basis of immigration or naturalization status; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Ms. GRAHAM , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. E STY, and Mr. DEFAZIO): H.R. 5504. A bill to require that certain information relating to terrorism investigations be included in the NICS database, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5505. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to require annual studies on ending the conservatorship of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): H.R. 5506. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a demonstration program to provide integrated care for Medicare beneficiaries with end stage renal disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5507. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit certain taxpayers from itemizing deductions for a taxable year if the taxpayers fail to submit proof of clean drug tests with their tax returns; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5508. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to remove certain restrictions on advertising and public relations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself, Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. STUTZMAN , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. MESSER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. BUCSHON , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana): H.R. 5509. A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs temporary lodging facility in Indianapolis, Indiana, as the ‘‘Dr. Otis Bowen Veteran House‘‘; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5510. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to establish new requirements relating to investigations, consent orders, and reporting requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself and Mr. CARNEY ): H.R. 5511. A bill to require the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to implement regulations easing certain restrictions on nonprofit community development financial institution banks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. R ANGEL ): H.R. 5512. A bill to amend the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs under the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to add genderresponsive services to the list of authorized grant purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. DOLD, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): H.R. 5513. A bill to provide for Federal agency accountability and improve the effectiveness of major rules in accomplishing their regulatory objectives by requiring retrospective review and report, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 5514. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for increased flexibility in blood donor screening, while maintaining a safe blood donor pool, during times of national or local need; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. HANNA ): H.R. 5515. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require certain tax exempt organizations to certify that foreign funds will not be used to make any contribution or expenditure in connection with any election in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Mr. COOPER , and Mr. I SRAEL ): H.R. 5516. A bill to establish a National Flood Research and Education Center to provide research, data, and recommendations on physical science, social science, economic analysis, policy analysis, risk analysis, monitoring, predicting, and planning as they relate to flooding and flood related issues; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. LUMMIS (for herself, Mr. MULVANEY , and Mr. S ALMON ): H.R. 5517. A bill to require States to distribute funds for elementary and secondary education in the form of vouchers for eligible students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. JEFFRIES ): H.R. 5518. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to allow employees to take, as additional leave, parental involvement leave to participate in or attend their children’s and grandchildren’s educational and extracurricular activities, and to clarify that leave may be taken for routine family medical needs and to assist elderly relatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. JEFFRIES ): H.R. 5519. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to permit leave to care for a domestic partner, parentinlaw, adult child, sibling, grandchild, or grandparent who has a serious health condition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. SALMON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. GALLEGO , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Ms. SINEMA ): H.R. 5520. A bill to provide for the unencumbering of title to nonFederal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5521. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to authorize private parties to compel the Bureau to seek sanctions by filing civil actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 5522. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to require 
that civil investigative demands be appealed to courts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself and Mr. CROWLEY ): H.R. 5523. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a postseizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5524. A bill to repeal the Legal Services Corporation Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself and Mr. SESSIONS ): H.R. 5525. A bill to prohibit universal service support of commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service through the Lifeline program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Mrs. WALORSKI ): H.R. 5526. A bill to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire and retain physicians and other employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5527. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to require congressional review of rulemaking of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. KLINE, Mr. WALBERG , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. HUNTER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. SALMON , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. MESSER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. BRAT, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. RUSSELL , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. STEFANIK , and Mr. A LLEN ): H.J. Res. 95. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to defining and delimiting the exemptions for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. BROWN of Florida (for herself, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. DIAZBALART , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. JOLLY , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. ROSS, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. YOHO, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. MARINO , Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. SALMON , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. D ENT, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. RUSH, Ms. L EE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. VEASEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. ESTY, Ms. DUCKWORTH , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. VELA, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. EDWARDS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. KILMER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. HONDA , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. ASHFORD , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. FARR, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. S IRES, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. KEATING , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. K IND, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. BEYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. TAKANO , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. KAPTUR , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, and Mr. CA´RDENAS ): H. Res. 789. A resolution condemning the horrific acts of terrorism and hatred in Orlando, Florida, on June 12, 2016, and expressing support and prayers for all those impacted by that tragedy; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Mrs. HARTZLER , and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona): H. Res. 790. A resolution expressing support for designation of July 2, 2016 as the ‘‘National Day of Personal Reflection and Repentance’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MOOLENAAR: H. Res. 791. A resolution supporting the recognition of 2016 as the ‘‘Year of Pulse Crops‘‘ and acknowledging the nutritional benefit and important contribution to soil health of pulse crops; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5494. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution and Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution, which gives Congress the power to make laws governing the time, place, and manner of Federal Elections. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5495. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5496. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5497. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 5498. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 5499. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution gives Congress control of government spending. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5500. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5501. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5502. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5503. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5504. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5505. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Clause 8, Section 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 5506. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5507. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sect. 8. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5508. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 5509. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The United States Constitution Article I, Section 8. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5510. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The attached language falls within Congress’ enumerated authority to legislate interstate commerce, found in Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. Further, Article I, Section 1, of the Constitution establishes that ‘‘[a]ll legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in . . . Congress. . . .’’ This provision stands for the proposition that Congress sets the scope of agencies’ authority to regulate and authorized Congress to set the initial scope of the Federal Trade Commission’s authority. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 5511. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 5512. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 5513. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I of the US Constitution, including the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 5514. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 5515. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5516. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause I of the Constitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. By Mrs. LUMMIS: H.R. 5517. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5518. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5519. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 5520. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shal have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Impots and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof . . . Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all neeful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5521. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and within the Indian Tribes’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). Additional authority derives from Article III, Section 1 (‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office.) Additional authority also derives from Article III, Section 2, Clause 3 of the Constitution. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 5522. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 5523. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, providing, in relevant part, that ‘‘[t]he Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5524. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 5525. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 5526. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5527. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes) By Ms. FOXX: H.J. Res. 95. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 249: Mr. B EYER . H.R. 335: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 343: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 424: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 448: Ms. MENG. H.R. 608: Ms. LEEand Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 711: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 764: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 815: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 842: Mr. HILL. H.R. 918: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 923: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 969: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 997: Mr. ABRAHAM and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 1006: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 1062: Mr. KINGof Iowa and Mr. R EED. H.R. 1076: Mr. LEVIN, Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1310: Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 1342: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. BRAT, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Ms. C ASTORof Florida, and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 1347: Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 1391: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 1594: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 1603: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 1706: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 1904: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 1905: Mr. HONDA . H.R. 1966: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 2016: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 2143: Ms. DUCKWORTH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2411: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 2612: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 2646: Mr. KLINE and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 2680: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2699: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2732: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2737: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2739: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2817: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2867: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. COSTA . H.R. 2903: Mr. BARLETTA and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 2939: Ms. LEEand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2963: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 3014: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3084: Ms. GABBARD , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 3235: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 3471: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3497: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3687: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3815: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 3863: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 3870: Mr. HANNA . H.R. 3892: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 3926: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 3929: Mr. VEASEY , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. TOMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. BARR, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. RIBBLE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. YODER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. MCHENRY , Mrs. B LACK , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , and Ms. DUCKWORTH . H.R. 4214: Ms. LEE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. LANGEVIN , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4223: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 4237: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 4247: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. PALLONE , and Mr. S ALMON  H.R. 4262: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 4269: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , and Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4275: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 4276: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 4381: Mr. HILL. H.R. 4389: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4479: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 4488: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 4514: Mr. GROTHMAN and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 4525: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4603: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 4695: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 4764: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4770: Mr. DOLD. H.R. 4792: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5008: Ms. ESTY. H.R. 5044: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 5067: Mr. MCNERNEY and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5082: Mr. MCHENRY . H.R. 5090: Mr. KATKO , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. S MITH of Wash ington. H.R. 5133: Mr. POLIQUIN and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 5143: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 5166: Mr. WESTERMAN , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 5177: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5180: Mr. LAMALFA , Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS , and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 5182: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. GUTHRIE , and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 5210: Mr. PALMER and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 5230: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 5245: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 5258: Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. R OEof Ten nessee, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 5275: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 5292: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. M URPHY of Flor ida, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. K APTUR , and Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 5320: Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 5369: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 5386: Mr. KINDand Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 5396: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 5424: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 5445: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5447: Mr. BLUM, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C OOPER, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 5457: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5462: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 5470: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. K ELLY of Il linois, Mr. COHEN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. LEWIS. H.R. 5471: Mr. KEATING and Ms. M CSALLY . H. Con. Res. 136: Mr. PALMER . H. Res. 289: Mr. MCNERNEY . H. Res. 318: Mr. ROSS. H. Res. 393: Mrs. BUSTOS . H. Res. 549: Mr. NOLAN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. ISRAEL , and Mrs. T ORRES . H. Res. 694: Mr. CONYERS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. NOLAN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C ARNEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. V ELA, Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California. H. Res. 703: Ms. MENG. H. Res. 728: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 739: Mrs. WAGNER . H. Res. 750: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H. Res. 769: Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Ms. MENG. H. Res. 777: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 782: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. JONES , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. L AMBORN . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the following discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 4, June 15, 2016, by Mr. AGUILAR on H.R. 2867, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Aguilar, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mr. Clyburn, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Ms. Fudge, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Ms. Adams, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Ms. Lofgren, Ms. Hahn, Mrs. Dingell, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Butterfield, Mr. Carney, Mr. Lewis, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Ruppersberger, Ms. Vela´zquez, Ms. Castor of Florida, Ms. Schakowsky, Ms. Brownley of California, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Ms. Edwards, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Tonko, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Matsui, Ms. Esty, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Beyer, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Engel, Ms. Pingree, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Keating, Mrs. Lawrence, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Meeks, Mr. DeSaulnier, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Cohen, Ms. Pelosi, Mr. Ellison, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Blumenauer, Mr. Lynch, Ms. Lee, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Grayson, Mr. Walz, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Gallego, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Ms. DeLauro, Ms. Titus, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Rangel, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Levin, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Lipinski, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Mr. Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mexico, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mrs. Davis of California, Ms. Linda T. Sa´nchez of California, Mr. Israel, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mrs. Bustos, Ms. Kuster, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Heck of Washington, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Garamendi, Ms. Meng, Mr. Polis, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Sires, Mr. Clay, Mr. Honda, Mr. Loebsack, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Costa, Mr. Pallone, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Ms. Moore, Mr. Payne, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Pocan, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Becerra, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Takano, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Neal, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Foster, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Ashford, Ms. Loretta Sanchez of California, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Welch, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Crowley, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Ms. Speier, Mr. Delaney, Ms. Roybal Allard, Ms. Sinema, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Schrader, Mr. Bera, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Serrano, Mr. Cuellar, Mr. Himes, Mr. Peters, Mr. Vela, Mr. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Rush, Mr. Farr, Mr. Kind, and Mr. O’Rourke. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge petition: 
Petition 3 by Mr. THOMPSON of California on H.R. 1076: Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Cooper, Ms. Fudge, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Ms. Graham, Mr. Costa, and Mr. Vela. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4257 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 2016 No. 96 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 