Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, to understand what is wrong with American politics, especially the dysfunctional Republican House of Representatives, look no further than the spectacle surrounding the IRS and the impeachment of its Commissioner. The Internal Revenue Service impacts 150 million American taxpayers every year, virtually every family and all legal businesses. This is how we finance essential services, from Social Security to medical research, our national defense, national parks, veterans’ services, and so much more. Everything that matters to Americans depends on the ability to finance government efficiently and fairly. Look, Americans from the dawn of the Republic have chafed at paying taxes, continuing a tradition that dates back to Biblical times, and almost everybody says they hate the IRS, which is the cheapest, quickest political applause line for any politician. Yet, over the years, we have managed to collect money that allows us to win wars, struggle through depressions, and provide what used to be some of the finest public services on the face of the planet. Yes, the Internal Revenue Service administers a hopelessly complex, convoluted, and unfair Tax Code because that is what the American Congress has given them to work with. Congress created this mess and then blames the people who try to administer it. If we are ever to make the IRS better, more efficient, and fairer, it is going to require a degree of cooperation, candor, and hard work. The current spectacle of destroying the reputation of a distinguished public servant, an accomplished businessman, is going to make that task even harder. Make no mistake. The treatment of John Koskinen, with the possibility of being the first Cabinet official impeached in nearly 140 years, is not just embarrassing for the people who are perpetrating it; it represents a threat to the ability to administer the IRS. John Koskinen came to this position after a lifetime of success in business as a turnaround expert at the highest levels as well as in public service, holding senior positions in both Republican and Democratic administrations. The Bush administration turned to him to prevent the implosion of the housing finance giant, Freddie Mac, and he spent 3 years guiding and rebuilding it. There is absolutely no evidence that he did anything wrong. The Republican inspector general, a former Republican staff member, found nothing wrong. This impeachment action is going nowhere in the Senate. It has got to be an embarrassment for the Speaker, committee chairmen, and Republicans everywhere. It only serves to highlight ideological divisions, lack of respect for due process, and the exaggerated power of the Republican echo chamber of rightwing talk radio. But it does more than add to disdain for the political process. It is a cloud over public service. While people claim we don’t need the IRS or that our tax filing can be reduced to a postcard and that we can generate all the money we need with reduced tax rates and more exemptions, it is a fantasy that any responsible Republican businessperson or independent economist will verify. Going down this impeachment path will make it harder to recruit somebody for the hardest job in government and will only deepen the divides at a time when we need clear thinking and nonpartisan cooperation to fix a broken IRS, establish the trust and hard work to make the mechanics of revenue collection work, and avoid the breakdown of the system. This is playing with fire and should be beneath America’s elected officials. Tarnishing the stellar reputation of an outstanding citizen who is doing his country a favor by volunteering to take this thankless task is simply something that should not be tolerated. 
THE TIME FOR WAITING IS OVER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is Suicide Prevention Month, and we have a lot of work to do. 
In July the House passed H.R. 2646, our mental health reform act called the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act; but since September 1, the beginning of Suicide Prevention Month, 826 people have died by suicide. Since we passed the bill, 7,434 have died from suicide. Let me tell you one quick story about a young man, a constituent by the name of Chuck Mahoney, who, while in college, suffered from depression. Despite his fraternity brothers going to the administrators and to his counselor, and despite Chuck telling his counselor that he thought he was going to die and there was no reason to live, no one spoke up. No one told the parents. Sadly, young Chuck, who had been a student, who had been captain of his high school football team, a decorated student with great grades, took his own life, hanging himself with his dog’s leash, a suicide that could have been prevented if he had seen people who really could treat suicide. But so often what happens in this Nation, when someone cries out for suicide risk, there is no one there to help. Actually, as it turns out, mental illness is a contributing factor in 90 percent of suicides. When a person makes a decision, it usually happens in the first 5 minutes or, at the most, the first hour. There is no time for waiting lists. We have a crisis shortage of psychiatrists and psychologists. We have too few hospital beds. We need something like 100,000 more crisis hospital beds. We have not reauthorized the Suicide Prevention Act in this Congress. We simply don’t have enough to treat for a problem that is treatable. When you add to this people who may do a drug overdose, 90 percent of people who are addicted do not get any treatment. Of the 100 out of 1,000 who try to get treatment, 37 can’t find any treatment. Of those 63 left who get treatment, only 6 of them get treatment because we simply don’t have enough people to treat. This is the mess we are in as a country, but we can do something about that—but it gets worse. In addition to these suicide deaths, if you look at just the mental illnessrelated deaths in this country, since September 1, as of today, 6,713 have died of a mental illnessrelated death and 60,000 since we passed our bill in July. The House did its job, but now the Senate needs to do their job. We hear rumors that the Senate is talking about passing the continuing resolution and then going home—going home while this sits on the table in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I hope that those millions of Americans who have a family member who has been lost to suicide or a chronic illness or a homicide or freezing on some park bench in some unknown part of America, that those families will speak up and let the Senate know: Do not go home and leave this unfinished business on the table. I mean, after all, why campaign and say we could have done something but we didn’t? What we ought to be doing is looking at the passage in the Senate of H.R. 2646, which provides more psychiatric crisis hospital beds, more psychiatrists, more psychologists. It revises the HIPAA law that allows the compassionate communication between a doctor and a family member at very select times when someone is at high risk for their health or safety. It reauthorizes the Suicide Prevention Act. It does a host of other things, and all these things can happen only if it gets to the President’s desk for a signature. But very little can happen if we maintain the status quo where people are left to die while Congress sits. We did our job in the House. It took years, but when we passed this bill 422– 2, Members of Congress, Members of the House of Representatives knew that they had passed a bill that could save lives, but only if we take action. If no action is taken, what do we do? What comfort is there to the families who are dying, who are suffering, saying we could have done something but we decided to wait? The time for waiting is over. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that Members of the House and of the community at large will call their Senators and say the time for passage is now because where there is help there is hope. 
THE PUERTO RICO CONTROL BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about the beautiful, enchanted island of Puerto Rico, the birthplace of my father and mother and my wife. Yes, the colony of the United States in the Caribbean Sea where, in case you forgot, everyone is born a citizen and now even more of a colony of the United States now that Washington has appointed a Financial Oversight and Management Board or, as most people call it, the Control Board, la Junta de Control. Seven members—four put forward by Republicans, three put forward by Democrats—were announced last week, and I was not pleasantly surprised. I have made it clear in this Congress and elsewhere that I oppose the PROMESA legislation that created the board that Congress passed before we left. Now I look at the board, and I see a mix of people, some with ties to the former Tea Party Governor’s regime, some with close ties to Wall Street, and most with experience examining the legal and administrative aspects of bankruptcy, not in governing an island of 3.5 million actual living, breathing human beings. I was not surprised to see political insiders or those who are close to the bondholders. I assumed as much and still assume, until proven otherwise, that most everyone on the Control Board or who lobbies and influences or helps the Control Board is doing the bidding of the bondholders who profit from Puerto Rico’s debt and economic hard times. The fact that four of the seven members are Puerto Rican doesn’t make me feel any more optimistic. If you look at recent history in Puerto Rico, just having a majority of Puerto Ricans shouldn’t give you much comfort. Wasn’t it Puerto Ricans who beat and peppersprayed demonstrators at the university and at the legislature, who have gone after journalists and unions and lawyers in politically motivated attacks, who have put the needs of investors, big Wall Street fat cats, and political insiders ahead of the people, the environment, and the future of the island? The Control Board and its members, no matter who they are, start with a deep ocean of mistrust from the Puerto Rican people who question why a new layer of opaque, undemocratic, colonial oversight and control is being imposed in secrecy. That is why I challenged the appointees to the board to go the extra mile to make their deliberations and meetings and decisions as transparent as possible. Do not meet in secret just because Congress allowed you to. When they are governing the people of Puerto Rico, will they do so in Spanish, the language of the Puerto Rican people? Will they even meet on the island of Puerto Rico? Will they make available the logs of who they meet with, who tries to exert influence over them, what Wall Street executives are spinning them or treating them to expensive meals and giving them gifts, as authorized under PROMESA? Yes, they can take gifts. When this Control Board is making decisions that close schools or hospitals, that threaten the environment, public institutions, and every aspect of society in Puerto Rico, will the Puerto Rican people even be given a minimum amount of information in their own language about who is influencing the seven members of the Control Board? The Junta de Control must take the extra effort to tell the Puerto Rican people what their decisions mean, why they are being made, and how decisions were determined. As Members of Congress who have essentially grabbed the reins of selfdetermination from the Puerto Rican people and handed them to this Control Board, are we going to be afforded the level of transparency that we need to determine if what is happening is what we want to happen? I understand, Mr. Speaker, that some of our colleagues do not like to be reminded of policy issues that were already voted on, especially complicated policy issues that don’t seem to impact them directly or people in their district. They just want to vote on them and forget. Well, I am not going to let 
Congress forget about Puerto Rico or the board that we have appointed to rule in secrecy over the people of Puerto Rico. We cannot just set it and forget it like one of those superduper wonder machines they sell on infomercials. Puerto Rico is ours. Its people are ours. Its land is ours. Its bays are ours. Its toxic landfills and lush forests, its schools and hospitals and health care clinics—these are all ours in the sense that we have been given a sacred duty to govern over Puerto Rico responsibly. An unelected, unaccountable Control Board with no mechanism for oversight, with no commitment to transparency, with no promise of bilingualism or inclusion, stocked with insiders and people with questionable links to the very problems the board is supposed to resolve, this does not give me great confidence that this Congress will be alert when the people of Puerto Rico, our fellow citizens and, more importantly, our fellow human beings, are in need of help. Tell the board, do not meet in secret, do not take the free gifts and dinners just because Congress allowed you to; serve the people of Puerto Rico. 
b1015 URGING ACTION ON ZIKA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against the paralysis in Congress over funding Zika virus eradication efforts. I have been warning my colleagues in Congress for months that the Zika virus would severely impact our Nation, and especially south Florida, the gateway to the Americas. And while Washington has slumbered through the late summer, it has been a busy August in south Florida dealing with the fallout. It is because of Federal inaction that now MiamiDade County will be spending $10 million of our own budget to cover for some of the expenses in the fight against Zika. Back in February, I cosponsored four bills to help start comprehensive preparations for the virus’ arrival, including opening up funding sources for mosquito control, freeing the administration to reprogram unspent Ebola funds for fighting Zika, and incentivizing pharmaceutical companies to begin developing treatments and vaccines for Zika. In March, I requested that $177 million be made available specifically for aid to local mosquito control programs, extra funding for the CDC’s Division of VectorBorne Diseases, and new dollars for innovative mosquito control tool development. In April, I voted in favor of using the FDA’s Priority Review Voucher Program to incentivize Zika virus treatment development. In May, I voted to give State and local authorities a temporary waiver providing more flexibility in using EPAapproved insecticides for mosquito control. I also voted against an inadequate $600 million Zika supplemental funding bill, joining 183 other Members, because public health experts contended that it would not be enough to deal with the expected impact of Zika in the U.S. In June, I voted in favor of a $1.1 billion Zika funding bill that passed the House but did not pass the Senate. Yesterday, the Senate again stopped any debate on Zika funding. In response to a meager grant sum delivered to the State of Florida after the discovery of mosquito transmission in Wynwood, a section in the city of Miami, in early August, I led the entire Florida congressional delegation in a letter urging the CDC to deliver more funds to Florida, where they were most needed. As a result of that letter and other efforts, the Obama administration announced that it would indeed reprogram another $81 million for antiZika efforts. But now, the CDC Director has stated that the CDC has no more funds available to use for Zika interdiction and eradication. We need a comprehensive response, Mr. Speaker, that limits the spread of this virus as quickly as possible. This is long overdue. I was ready to go back into an emergency session weeks and weeks ago to pass a comprehensive package, but despite my pleas, this House did not reconvene. Now the House is back in session, but to this point, no votes on a Zika funding bill are scheduled. How much longer do south Floridians need to wait for the government to commit more resources to fighting Zika? My constituents are tired and fed up with excuses and buckpassing. I am sick of Congress’ partisan fighting and political grandstanding. I stand united with the hardworking residents and families of south Florida, and I will continue working on their behalf to demand that this Congress do its job and protect the American people. Let’s pass the President’s request for $1.1 billion to fight Zika and develop a vaccine—a clean bill, with no policy riders—and pass it before this virus spreads even wider throughout our great Nation. Here we have a picture of an area of the district that is impacted already. We have other areas that are impacted. We have other areas in Florida. We have other areas throughout the United States. Let’s stop Zika. We can do it. Let’s pass the funding bill. 
NATIONAL SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss our national security. Our first obligation as Members of Congress is to keep the American people safe. That responsibility ultimately rests with our Commander in Chief. We need a Commander in Chief who will support our troops and their families. We need a Commander in Chief who is going to build robust alliances. We need a Commander in Chief who is going to be tough with adversaries. We need a Commander in Chief who is going to be smart on foreign policy. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Republican nominee for President said that he would ask China to handle the problem of a nuclear North Korea. Now, I know that the Republican nominee for President has outsourced jobs to China. Now he is outsourcing national security to China. He has insulted Gold Star families, Mr. Speaker. That is not supporting our troops and their families. He has announced that he would weaken our commitment to NATO. That is not building robust alliances. He has said that he has asked Russia to commit cyber espionage against the United States of America. That is not being tough with our adversaries. Outsourcing a nuclearequipped North Korea to China is not being smart on foreign policy. Mr. Speaker, the Republican nominee for President is dangerously unfit for command. I understand that some don’t have all the facts and may not be wellread. That is one thing. Not having the facts and not being wellread and being dangerous is a threat to the United States of America. f 
FUNDING FOR ZIKA VIRUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about Zika. I rise with about 100 mosquitoes straight from Florida— Aedes aegypti mosquitoes capable of carrying the Zika virus. This is the reason for the urgency. This is the reason for the fear. These mosquitoes can travel only 150 feet, but through the assistance of a plane ticket and researchers at University of South Florida, they have made their way from Florida to the well of this House. Now, they are not active carriers, but they could be. The University of South Florida is one of very few research facilities capable of responding. Through the efforts and leadership of Dr. Robert Novak at the College of Global Health, his team of medical public health and research professionals led an insectary to study control and containment and medical and public health solutions to combat, eradicate, and ultimately find a vaccine for Zika. But they can only do so with money. Mr. Speaker, it is time to act. The politics of Zika have gone on far too long. The politics of Zika are wrong. The President proposed a plan that was imperfect. It assumes a 2year crisis, when, in fact, there might only be 
a 1year crisis. It expanded Medicaid for nonZikarelated health care. Why would we dilute Zikarelated emergency funding with nonZikarelated health care? It proposed construction of capital properties on leased lands with no recapture provision. That was the President’s plan. The Senate reached a bipartisan compromise of $1.1 billion. The House had its own plan. And through the leadership of the Appropriations Committee chairman, who traveled to study this issue, money has continued to flow, but we know that money will end. Mr. Speaker, people are scared. During the 7 weeks of August recess that we were gone, cases of Zika rose from 4,000 to, by some estimates, over 16,000 in the country, including a new non travelrelated case in Pinellas County, Florida, my home, my community. There are roughly a million people in that county who are scared, who have fear. In that fear, they are demanding action. And they are seeing inaction. And in that inaction, they are angry. Angry. And they should be. It is now our job to try to explain to the American people why we know better. It is our job to respond to the fear and the anxiety and the anger of a population concerned about a pending public health crisis concerned about mosquitoes. You see, I brought these mosquitoes here today to convey that fear and anxiety of millions of Americans and Floridians. Can you imagine, Mr. Speaker, the fear and anxiety in this Chamber if these 100 mosquitoes were outside this jar, not inside this jar? Members of Congress would run down the halls to the physician’s office to be tested. They would spray themselves before coming down here. This is the fear of Floridians right here. It is not good enough to work on a compromise for months and months and months with no solution. The time for the politics of Zika is over. The politics of Zika are garbage right now. The fact that candidates are going to spend money on commercials about Zika instead of responding together in a bipartisan, bicameral way in a divided government to a public health crisis that Americans understand, we are wasting time. That is why I am joined by these mosquitoes today. 
FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN U.S. ELECTIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep concern with a pattern of foreign interference in U.S. elections and the need to confront Russian aggression and interference in all of its malicious forms. Over the past several months, we have seen a clear pattern of cyberattacks and leaks designed to target our electoral institutions, including the DNC, DCCC, and our State election agencies, and to discredit the example of our democracy around the world. Evidence collected by private security firms indicates that these attacks are part of a Russian intelligence operation, a campaign of propaganda and disinformation known as active measures. Sowing distrust and chaos in U.S. elections by a foreign adversary should concern Americans of all parties. Along with Senator FEINSTEIN , I have written to the President to urge that he make a public attribution of these attacks. If a hostile foreign power is attempting to disrupt or influence our elections, the American people have a right to know it. I also urge the GOP to refrain from using hacked documents, which can be easily doctored or seeded with false information. An attack on our election system is an attack on our democracy, and all Americans must stand against it. It is time we acknowledge the hard truth that Russia poses a significant threat not only to the United States, but to freedomloving people all over the world. It has invaded its neighbors and attempted to remake the map of Europe through the use of force. It has interfered in the elections of its neighbors. Now it is attempting to interfere in our own elections. The GOP nominee sees nothing wrong with Russian behavior. He admires Putin, belittles NATO, expresses recognition for the illegal annexation of Crimea, and also expresses a positive receptivity to the idea of repealing sanctions on Russia for its illegal annexation of part of the land of its neighbor. He invites Russia to illegally hack his opponent. This is dangerous. We are now engaged in a high stakes battle of ideas around the world. The United States, as always, is the beacon of democracy; and Russia, the champion of a creeping authoritarianism that is spreading its destructive influences in the Caucasus, Eastern Europe, and the West. It is now an iron curtain descending across the continent by the slow smothering of freedoms the world holds dear: the right to choose one’s own representatives, the right to speak as we choose, the right to associate with like mind and intent, and what has been described as the most precious right of all, the right to simply be left alone. All of these universal human rights are under assault by a newly aggressive and belligerent Kremlin. We need a Commander in Chief who will resist this assault, not endorse; who will affront Russian aggression, not ratify it; who has the experience, judgment, and fitness to meet this and other grave challenges facing the United States of America. b1030 HONORING THE LIFE AND DEDICATED SERVICE OF GEORGE KOEHL III The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and dedicated service of George Koehl III. On August 28 of this year, the Midland community celebrated his life and service with Sunday services and a memorial service on Saturday afternoon, August 27. George was born and reared in Midland, Texas, to Maggie and George Koehl, Jr., on August 19, 1954, and he went to meet his Lord on his birthday, August 19, 2016. He graduated from Midland High School in 1972, and later received a bachelor’s degree in church music and a master’s degree in music theory and composition from Hardin Simmons University in Abilene, Texas. While studying at HardinSimmons, George met the love of his life, DiAnn Schmidt. The two married and had four children and five grandsons. After completing his degrees from HardinSimmons University, George answered God’s call to service and began his career in ministry. Over the course of the next 16 years, George served as a youth and music minister for multiple congregations throughout Texas. In August of 1993, God called George back to his hometown to serve at the First Baptist Church of Midland, where he labored and worked for 23 years. I was privileged to attend First Baptist Church throughout George’s entire tenure. Under his leadership, the music ministry excelled and touched many lives. The Passion Plays at Easter and the Christmas programs he directed were firstclass productions that were enjoyed by capacity audiences whose lives were blessed. I watched George and DiAnn walk a path that I am not unfamiliar with in the battle of cancer. George battled his illness with grace and dignity and courage and a palpable faith in Jesus Christ. All who knew him were inspired by his dogged and ironwilled determination to not let cancer rob him of the service to Christ’s kingdom. DiAnn set the bar for how spouses should support each other in good times and hard times, all the while battling cancer herself. During George’s memorial service on August 27, 2016, his children blessed us all in reaffirming their faith in a loving and sovereign God. While their prayers for their dad’s healing on Earth were not answered, they acknowledged that God had healed their dad for all eternity. Throughout his career, he consistently placed the needs of others ahead of his own, and he did so with the utmost integrity and devotion. The many qualities George exhibited serve as a shining example of how each of us should serve the Lord. 
George lived a life that blessed everyone that he met and made every community he lived in a much better place. The City of Midland declared August 28 as George Koehl III Day. He is greatly missed, but his legacy will be carried on by the many people whose lives he has touched by his living example. 
15TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 2001 AUMF The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to really challenge my colleagues to restore Congress’ constitutional oversight on matters of war and peace. Next Wednesday, September 14, will mark the 15th year since Congress passed an openended blank check for endless war. This authorization surrendered our constitutional authority to the executive branch. We continue to mourn the loss and cherish the memories of those killed in these attacks and continue to support and help those who were injured and whose lives were changed forever. Now, just 3 days after the horrific terrorist attacks on 9/11, this House rushed to pass a 60word authorization, with little debate, that has been used to wage endless war around the globe. In the 15 years since its passage, this authorization, designed to punish the perpetrators of the brutal and deadly attacks on September 11, has allowed endless war to rage out of control. A recent report from the Congressional Research Service shows that this authorization has been used more than 37 times in 14 countries to justify military action, and this report only looked at unclassified military actions. How many others have been authorized that the American people don’t know about? The American people and Congress deserve to know what is being done in their name. Sadly, Congress has been missing in action. It is unacceptable that our brave servicemen and women are facing snipers and mortar rounds, but Congress can’t even muster the courage to debate the war that we are asking them to now continue to fight. It is just plain wrong. Mr. Speaker, we have a constitutional and moral duty to debate on this war and any war. So why have you not scheduled a debate on this vital issue that affects our national security? I have asked, the President has asked, members of your own caucus, Mr. Speaker, have asked, even members of our military forces have asked, and still you have not scheduled a debate or vote. What is the hold up? During the amendment debate surrounding this year’s National Defense Authorization Act, we got a few moments to discuss this issue. We were allotted 10 minutes, the same amount of time allotted to debate what brand of sneakers should be available to our servicemembers. If these issues get 10 minutes of debate, one would think that our national security and the Constitution deserve more than a rushed amendment debate allotted. Now, my colleagues and I might disagree on what specifics of an authorization should look like; and that is why we need this debate, so Members understand all of the options, the costs, and the consequences and we can advance policies that protect the Constitution and ensure our national security. The American people deserve more than a Congress that is missing in action. In February of last year, President Obama sent a draft authorization to Congress. Mr. Speaker, it has sat on your desk ever since, with no action, no hearings, no formal debate, and not one vote. While Congress has been missing in action, more bombs have fallen, more American servicemembers have been put in harm’s way, and, yes, we have poured more than $1.7 trillion into war making. Right now, any President can unilaterally wage war under the outdated 2001 authorization. The last four Presidents have bombed the Middle East. Will this Congress allow a fifth President the same unlimited power to wage unchecked war? We can’t and we shouldn’t. It is past time for this debate. Now, in 2001, when I opposed this authorization, I challenged my colleagues with the words of the Reverend Nathan Baxter, the dean of the National Cathedral. He said: 
Let us hope that we may not, through our actions, become the evil that we deplore. 
Fifteen years later, we, this Congress, have attacked our Constitution, the balance of power, and the voice of the American people on matters of war and peace. We, yes, have surrendered the Constitution and the voice of the American people. We have ignored the advice of our Founders and have divested our Nation’s warmaking power from Congress, which, yes, is the voice of the American people. So it is past time to stop this lawlessness. It is past time to restore the Constitution. It is past time for us, as Members of Congress, to live up to our responsibility we were elected to fulfill. It is past time that we do our job and repeal the blank check for endless war and have a debate and a vote on a new authorization for this new war footing that this country has embarked upon. 
RECOGNIZING 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF TRITOWN FIRE COMPANY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 70th anniversary of the Tri Town Fire Company in Potter County, located in Ulysses, Pennsylvania, within the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District. The company was founded in 1946, and currently serves Ulysses Borough, Northern Ulysses Township, Southern Bingham Township, Northern Hector Township, and Eastern Allegheny Township. Under the Tioga/Potter County Mutual Aid Plan, they also respond on the first alarm to certain calls in Harrison, Pike, Genesee, and Sweden Townships. Although the fire company is located in a very rural area, they protect a large and vital part of America’s national infrastructure, including the Northern Potter County natural gas storage field, compressor stations, transfer stations, pipelines, and wells. The station is also responsible for protecting nearly 35,000 acres of Pennsylvania forestland, which is something of high importance to me as chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry. Mr. Speaker, as a volunteer firefighter myself, I have the deepest respect for the men and women who step forward to help their communities, to help their neighbors, putting their lives on the line and asking for nothing in return. I wish the men and women of the Tri Town Fire Company the best of luck in the future. HONORING SWEDEN VALLEY MANOR  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the efforts at Sweden Valley Manor, a nursing home in Coudersport, Potter County, serving people in that county, along with McKean, Tioga, and Cameron Counties. In particular, I want to commend the efforts of local master gardener Bonnie Wood, who has worked over the course of the past 5 years to create what are now called ‘‘Enabling Gardens’’ at the facility. As a former licensed nursing home administrator, the opportunity to visit Sweden Valley and, specifically, to visit these healing gardens—what a resource this is for the men and women and the individuals who live and work within that facility. The gardens are designed so that residents can exercise their green thumbs. All the planters that Bonnie built are wheelchairheight, and a lazy Susan actually allows for the planters to rotate for maximum accessibility no matter what the physical mobility or orthopedic issues that an individual may be experiencing. She has cultivated relationships with corporate sponsors, volunteers, and youth groups from across the region, and has also welcomed students involved in FFA and 4–H to work with Sweden Valley Manor’s residents. Bonnie has educated staff and residents on how to take care of plants and where particular plants should be placed in a garden, dedicating her own time to get plants and vegetables started on their growth at the home. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud of Bonnie Wood’s dedicated service to her community and to the citizens of Potter County and the surrounding region and, certainly, to the residents who make their home at Sweden Valley. 
AMERICA NEEDS A STRONG AND SMART COMMANDER IN CHIEF The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for 5 minutes. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight a matter of critical and immediate importance to our national security. As we combat the growing threat of terrorism both at home and abroad, it is absolutely critical that we elect a Commander in Chief who will be strong and smart when it comes to our national security, a Commander in Chief who will work with our allies, employ diplomacy across the globe, and be thoughtful when it comes to using military force to defend the United States. Time and again, the Republican nominee has shown that he completely lacks the temperament to lead America on the world stage. Our Commander in Chief must support our men and women in the military and our veterans. Instead, our servicemembers and veterans have weathered verbal attack after verbal attack since the Republican nominee began his campaign. Mr. Speaker, our men and women in uniform deserve better. Those of us who have children who can be called up deserve better. For those who put themselves in harm’s way, they deserve better. For Americans who rely on the Commander in Chief to make reasoned, well thoughtout, balanced decisions, they deserve better. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward nominees for the Office of the President. 
A TRUE MINNESOTA HERO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible life of General John W. Vessey Jr. Just 16 years old when he lied about his age and enlisted as a private in the Minnesota National Guard, John Vessey quickly found himself on the front lines in World War II. It didn’t take long for John to distinguish himself as a war hero, and, in 1944, he received a battlefield commission. General Vessey’s military career didn’t end with his service in World War II. More than two decades later, he also served in Vietnam. In 1982, General Vessey was chosen as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff by President Ronald Reagan, due to his impressive reputation for high integrity and strong character. Some of us might remember General Vessey for becoming our Nation’s longest serving active soldier, but most of us will remember him for the work he did for his fellow soldiers. President Reagan once called him a ‘‘soldier’s soldier,’’ which he undoubtedly was, as he never forgot about the men who stood next to him in battle, including the ones who never made it home. This was proven by his advocacy for MIA/POW issues, for which he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1992. General John W. Vessey Jr. was a true Minnesotan hero and he is a legend. We were lucky to have him; and while he will be missed, he will never be forgotten. b1045 MINNESOTA ’S OWN BEST BUY TURNS 50  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a Minnesota company that has reached a major milestone. This past month, Best Buy turned 50 years old. Best Buy was founded in 1966 by Richard Schulze. Originally named The Sound of Music, this store sold stereo equipment to college students in the Twin Cities area. When the stereo market began to decline, the store eventually expanded its merchandise to offer other popular products, ultimately leading to major future success. Like any business, Best Buy has faced highs and lows. In 1981, a tornado destroyed the main store in Roseville. Instead of letting the disaster win, Schulze and his employees banded together to continue to sell great products at a great price and provide excellent customer service along the way. Today there are now 1,600 stores located throughout North America, proving that both determination and hard work can pay off. Their success is widely recognized, so much so that Forbes magazine even named Best Buy the company of the year in 2004. Congratulations to Best Buy on 50 years of business. Thanks for representing Minnesota so well. And here’s to the next 50 years. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Matthew C.G. Boucher of Ramsey, Minnesota. Matthew recently received a Veterans’ Voices Award meant to highlight the incredible contributions of Minnesota’s veterans. Matthew is a veteran of the Army National Guard and spent 12 years courageously serving our Nation. Today he continues his service to our country and to the State of Minnesota through his work as a middle school principal. Matthew’s love for the military and his fellow veterans is a large part of what inspires him in his current position. At Fridley Middle School, he started a Veterans Day program to teach students to recognize the many sacrifices that the members of our military make. He also works to promote the belief within every one of his students that anything they set their minds to is possible. He is especially dedicated to helping his students pursue their education beyond high school. Thank you, Matthew, for your brave service and for continuing to better our Nation. Our Nation and our State is a better place because of you. A VOICE FOR VETERANS  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jolaina Falkenstein of Carver, Minnesota, for receiving a Veterans’ Voices Award. These awards are meant to honor the outstanding contributions made by Minnesota’s veterans. Jolaina is an Army Reserve veteran who serves as a senior noncommissioned officer in the 88th Regional Support Command. In her primary role as a lead training officer for the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program, Jolaina strives to help military members prepare for deployment as well as for what they will need when they return home. Additionally, Jolaina works as a licensed therapist for Lutheran Social Services, working with our military members and their families. We are truly thankful to have an individual like Jolaina in our community. Not only has she served in the Armed Forces, but she continues to serve by providing our Nation’s veterans and their families with the care that they not only deserve, but they so desperately need. 
ZIKA FUNDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there was such expectation, as Members returned from their work recess in August. Many times, the American people are quizzical, inquisitive about the structure of our work. We are constitutionally mandated; and, in fact, we have major responsibilities of oversight; but we also are the umbrella on a rainy day. The Congress must rise to the occasion in time of war. It is our authority to declare war. We must rush to the aid of those Americans in need by our oversight over executive agencies, such as Homeland Security and FEMA, as we watched the suffering of our fellow Americans in the terrible storms of Baton Rouge, of the hurricanes up and down the east coast, of what happened on 9/11 or Sandy or Katrina or Rita or Hurricane Ike and many others. Hurricanes and others, it is up to us to do our work. Well, we are not doing our work. We left this place having had the Senate pass a $1.1 billion Zika funding bill—not what the executive asked, but a reasoned response to the crisis and emergency that we are facing. It is devastating in Puerto Rico, which is part of the United States. It is devastating 
to the people there. They are suffering greatly. Now we have found cases in parts of Florida, including areas that my colleague, Congresswoman WILSON , represents, and areas around Miami Beach. More importantly, there are 2,000 Zika cases in the United States, 600plus are pregnant women, babies not yet born; and 35 cases have been found to have been transmitted here in the United States—and yet fiddling is going on. Unnecessary riders are being included in something that should simply pass because it is an emergency. Shame on those who would cloud legislation with preventing the health clinics that women need, run by Planned Parenthood, from getting money. Shame on those who would try to undermine the executive order about confederate flags in veterans cemeteries on official flagpoles. You have every right to put it at your personal grave, or the family does. How ridiculous, how undermining of our authority, our constitutional responsibility to govern this Nation. I am saddened because the image that is being perceived is that we cannot do our job. We can. We have to be Americans united together, facing the emergency. Many Americans are not focused on the Zika virus. I understand. It has been a time of summer and frolic and time with family. But most infectious disease doctors—the regional task force that I have organized: Dr. Hotez, an infectious disease doctor at Baylor who is well renowned; and Dr. Persse, a well renowned medical professional in public health; along with OB/GYN and State officials. I want to thank them for their work. They are asking me: Where are the resources for mosquito control, for the research, for the vaccine? Just so you know, the cost of a baby that has been impacted by this terrible disease is $10 million. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, and then on the question of our duties, why would there be any discussion to impeach or to suggest the impeachment of a public servant like the IRS commissioner, who I know has done nothing wrong, including the words of the inspector general who can find nothing wrong that this retired private citizen, who came to help turn the IRS around, who came way after the trouble was raised about targeting different groups—he had nothing to do with it. And yet someone is suggesting he should be impeached. What are you going to do with Americans who sacrifice and say, I want to serve, and then you abuse them and abuse the power of this Congress and suggest some kind of an impeachment? I have gone through impeachment proceedings. Read the Madison papers. There is no suggestion of misconduct or treason by this individual. We can’t impeach people because the IRS is some entity that most of us would find not a welcomed guest at our dinner table. And then again, they do great work. They are a part of the structure of this government. So I would ask the question: Why? That is not oversight; that is abuse. CELEBRATING THE RETURN OF THE CHIBOK  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to celebrate the return of the Chibok schoolgirls. Many of you know that 200plus girls were taken back in 2014, in Nigeria, snatched out of their beds, snatched out of a boarding school, abused, and taken by Boko Haram. Boko Haram, of course, is an ISIS cousin. I want to acknowledge that FREDERICA WILSON , LOISFRANKEL , and myself, we went to Nigeria when they were taken. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to celebrate those girls are back. But we are going to fight Boko Haram in every way that we can possibly fight. Finally, congratulations to the University of Houston football team that beat Oklahoma. 
MEDICARE PART B PROPOSED PLAN FOR DRUG REIMBURSEMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of seniors in the First Congressional District of Georgia. Many seniors in the First Congressional District of Georgia and across the Nation battle medically complex diagnoses, including cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, severe immune deficiency, epilepsy, and macular degeneration. These Medicare patients face significant complexities in their care and treatment options. This spring, I joined over 240 of my colleagues in sending a letter to CMS that expressed our deep concerns with a sweeping, nationwide experiment that the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation has proposed. Patients and physicians in my district told me with no uncertainty that the CMMI experiment with part B drug payment will have negative consequences for millions of Medicare patients who depend on access to lifesaving treatments to live better lives. Under the part B drug experiment, in many cases, Medicare payment for certain drugs would be significantly below a physician’s acquisition cost for the drug. This will put patients at tremendous risk, potentially forcing them to abandon treatments for other treatments that have shown less success. Ultimately, CMS will manipulate choice of treatment for Medicare patients using heavyhanded reimbursement techniques that undermine any efforts by medical professionals who have dedicated their lives to treating complex conditions like cancer. To make matters worse, CMS sought little to no stakeholder input, and has provided little turnaround time before medication treatment will be based on cost, rather than what is best for the patient. As a lifelong pharmacist, I trust clinically trained medical professionals to determine the best treatment for patients, not an unaccountable bureaucrat. Adding to the outlandish nature of this part B drug pilot project, there is nearly no escaping it. CMMI proposes to force nearly 75 percent of the country to participate in this Medicare drug experiment. 75 percent of the country is not a pilot project. It is near full implementation of a new program. Just last week, CMS responded to the letter we sent them and simply thanked us for sharing our opinion. Such a brief and dismissive response is indifferent to the risk posed to our Nation’s sickest patients and to this congressional body. For all these reasons, I applaud my colleague from Indiana, Dr. LARRY  BUCSHON , for sponsoring H.R. 5122 to prohibit CMS from moving forward with this dangerous, misguided experiment with seniors’ lives. I proudly join him in his effort as a cosponsor of H.R. 5122 and encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. 
REMEMBERING GEORGE KOMELASKY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, George Komelasky of Northampton Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, was a friend and political colleague. His passing last month at the age of 66 was a personal loss that also leaves a gap in the township government where he served for 31 years. He was first elected in 1985, and he successfully was reelected just last year to another 6year term. At all times, George viewed his responsibilities in elective office as public service and performed intelligently and honorably term after term. Those with whom he served know he was conscious of his responsibilities to the taxpayers while providing necessary services that enhanced the quality of life in his hometown. He was a leader who left his partisanship at the door and was viewed as a role model and also a mentor. Most of all, our friend, George Komelasky, will be remembered for his good nature and the values that guided his public and his private life. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, as we recognize the 50th anniversary of the Margaret R. Grundy Memorial Library in the borough of Bristol, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, we also acknowledge the legacy of United States Senator Joseph R. Grundy, who established this beautiful library on the banks of the Delaware River in the name of his sister Margaret. This remains a privately funded public library with an ongoing mission: 
opening doors, inspiring minds, and connecting community. Now in its milestone year, the library is a testament to the generosity and vision of Senator Grundy and Margaret Grundy and the dedication of those who followed. The original mission has made this library a vital educational institution, valued by local and regional learners of every age. Grundy Foundation grants carry on the Grundy family legacy by continuing to improve the quality of life for residents of Bristol Borough and people throughout all of Bucks County. The Grundy Foundation supports the Margaret R. Grundy Memorial Library, the adjacent Memorial Museum, and countless local projects. On October 6, 2016, the library will hold a public anniversary celebration with a reception and exhibition featuring historic artifacts, photographs, and primary documents. Heartiest congratulations to all of those involved, past and present, who have carried on and enriched so many lives and will continue to do so for generations to come. 
b1100 LOUISIANA UPDATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give an update from home. I represent south Louisiana. A few weeks ago, we had a rainfall event that has been categorized as a 1,000year storm. Mr. Speaker, in some areas of south Louisiana we received 31 inches of rain. To put that in perspective, that would take 5 years for the city of Bakersfield, California, to achieve that number. That would take 10 years for the city of Yuma, Arizona, to receive that level of rain. For those Americans that haven’t realized they can live in the pleasure of the subtropics and you live up north, to translate that to snowfall, that is the equivalent of a 25foot snowstorm; a storm that leaves 25 feet of snow. This is categorized, again, as a 1,000year event: 31 inches of rain in, in some cases, as short as perhaps 36 hours. Mr. Speaker, we have areas that have never, ever flooded, never seen water, never retained or held water in any way, shape, or form, that dealt with several feet of water in their homes and businesses. In Livingston Parish, Louisiana, it is estimated that 86 percent of the homes and 91 percent of the businesses were flooded. This has been a devastating event for many folks in our community. Mr. Speaker, as we move forward, certainly the Stafford Act, the Federal disaster law, has a role in helping our communities to recover. But what happened when this storm first came about and the flooding began is that it wasn’t the Stafford Act or FEMA that came to the rescue. It was our neighbors, it was our community, many of which were flooded themselves. They got their own boats and went out and rescued folks and rescued their neighbors to the tune of thousands and thousands of people rescued by what we deem the Cajun Navy. I had a chance to go out there in my own kayak and paddle board and rescue dozens of folks that were trapped in their homes. Mr. Speaker, it didn’t stop there. When shelters weren’t open and weren’t available, Cajun Navy shelters opened up. People just opened up their own homes and businesses to shelter those that were homeless. We had Cajun Navy chefs, many of which just for the first time deemed or designated themselves chefs, that cooked tens of thousands of meals not for compensation or because they were told to do so. They did it because we had friends and neighbors that were hungry and that were homeless. So we cooked for those folks. And it didn’t stop there. We had a cadre of folks that we deemed the Cajun Army that have come together and helped to gut and demuck thousands and thousands of homes across south Louisiana, again, Mr. Speaker, not because they were compelled to do so by any requirement or compensation. They were compelled to do so out of their selflessness, out of their generosity, and out of their hospitality. Mr. Speaker, we are now at a point to where the volunteerism, the hospitality, the generosity of our community is going to be exceeded. The needs are going to be greater than we can volunteer ourselves out of. We have thousands and thousands of homeowners across south Louisiana that are facing this scenario. They have a home that may be worth $200,000 but, because it was flooded and is entirely gutted now, it may be worth just half that. They may have a mortgage balance that is in excess of the value of the home, which means they are upside down in their mortgage. But that is not all. They have lost both of their cars, adding tens of thousands of dollars to the equation. They have to rebuild their home, which adds tens or maybe even six figures of liability. They have to replace their clothes, their wardrobe. And in some cases, their employers are under water; therefore, they don’t even have a way of making money. Mr. Speaker, we are not a community that sits around and asks for a handout. That is not what we do. But in this case, I will say it again: as generous, as hospitable, as selfless as our community has been, we are now at a point to where we are unable to address the needs. Again, the Stafford Act works in most disasters. This one is an anomaly. This is an extraordinary disaster. I am looking forward to working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle moving forward on tailoring a recovery package for this region. This is estimated or projected to be the fourth most costly flood event in U.S. history. It is an extraordinary event that, unfortunately, has not received the national media attention that most disasters of this nature would. Disasters are awful. At some point, everyone in this country is going to experience some type of disaster—a flood, a tornado, a hurricane, an earthquake, a terrorist attack, or something else. When you have these catastrophic events, it is time for us to come together as a Nation to offer a helping hand. I am looking forward, again, to working with colleagues across the country to do that. f 
REMEMBERING JACOB WETTERLING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember and honor Jacob Wetterling and offer my deepest prayers to his family. Over the weekend, we learned of the tragic details and reached the awful end of this 27yearlong saga filled with grief, with hope, and with pain that moved Minnesota and the entire Nation. It was 27 years ago, Mr. Speaker, that Jacob was taken, kidnapped from a small rural Minnesota community, and went missing. As a community, we extend our deepest sympathies to Jacob’s parents, Patty and Jerry Wetterling. Throughout these 27 trying years, they have remained strong and became tireless advocates for children’s safety. Their efforts have resulted in widespread awareness of effective measures to protect children, Federal legislation to monitor known and potential predators, and the founding of the Jacob Wetterling Resource Center to inform and prevent similar tragedies from impacting other families. They channeled their heartbreak to activism for the good of children and their families all across this country even as they grieved themselves. Because of their efforts, countless children have been saved from various forms of exploitation. Mr. Speaker, while this is not the ending that we had hoped for after all these years, Jacob will never be forgotten, nor will his family’s undying love and commitment to protecting our precious sons and daughters. Jacob, may you rest in peace. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Marvin Jacobo, City Ministry Network, Modesto, California, offered the following prayer: Master, I give thanks for our United States of America. I am grateful for every man and woman holding governmental positions of authority. Make Your truth known to them. Cause them to be men and women of integrity, concerned first and foremost with the common good. Grant them the deepest of insight to solve our most daunting challenges. I pray that each Member would exercise the humility to discern how to best colabor with those that might see issues differently than them. Make their hearts and ears alert to good counsel. Honor each one, Master, for the investment they make participating in this, our representative government. I pray a blessing over their families, acknowledging that they, too, sacrifice for the sake of our country. May our national proceedings be held in a spirit of mutual respect and civility. I pray in the name of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. CASTOR of Florida led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND MARVIN JACOBO The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to introduce to the House our guest chaplain, Reverend Marvin Jacobo. Reverend Jacobo is the executive director of City Ministry Network, an incredible organization that is the catalyst for transformation in the city of Modesto, California. As lifelong Modesto residents, Marvin and his wife, Cheryl, have continued to minister to thousands of youth in our community, changing lives and bringing people from humble backgrounds to leaders in our community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in welcoming him today. We thank him for offering this afternoon’s prayer in the United States House of Representatives. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Leslie Witt Reichenbach, an important and respected member of the Chicago community. For nearly 40 years, she woke up generations of Chicago’s WXRT listeners on weekend mornings. Leslie, often called ‘‘the overnight angel,’’ was known for her kind smile and her ability to connect with others. She embodied the heart of our city with her enthusiasm for radio and her strong dedication to her WXRT listeners. Her contributions to the Chicago community changed countless lives and will continue to do so for generations. Sadly, in July, Leslie passed away after her courageous battle with ovarian cancer. Leslie bravely fought her illness by listening to new albums, attending concerts, and practicing ballet. Leslie’s top priority was always her family. The love and support they provided her was the most important thing in her life. She is survived by her husband, Chuck, and their children, Kay and Kurt. As this is National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month, I ask that her memory not be forgotten and that we appropriately fund the critical research necessary. f 
ANNUAL AUGUST BUS TOUR (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, each August, I look forward to an annual district bus tour, where I travel across all five counties of the Second Congressional District. During this time, I meet with constituents and hear their opinions about issues important to the families in South Carolina, along with my wife, Roxanne, and dedicated staff. This year, I was grateful to visit nearly 20 businesses, schools, civic clubs, and chambers of commerce. At each location, I took the opportunity to thank employees for their service and thank employers for their work creating jobs. I also took the opportunity to present Speaker PAULRYAN’s positive policy agenda, ‘‘A Better Way,’’ that presents positive proposals for some of the greatest challenges facing our country. When I was elected to Congress, I pledged to be accessible and accountable, and this bus tour is one of many ways that I fulfill this promise. While I regularly visit with families, schools, and businesses in the Second District, I especially appreciate the nonstop tradition of visiting with the community I am humbled and inspired to represent. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
FUND ZIKA RESEARCH NOW (Ms. CASTOR of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 17 babies in the United States have been born with birth defects tied to the Zika virus. Currently, over 80 pregnant women in my home State of Florida and over 1,600 women in the United States have the Zika virus. I urge the Speaker and my GOP colleagues who control the agenda here in 
the House to act immediately and bring an emergency Zika package to the floor of this House. They can do it quickly. They can do it today. They can do it this week. But, unfortunately, there is no plan to do so. This is unconscionable. My neighbors back home and all across the country need the tools to prevent this public health crisis from growing. The Centers for Disease Control and the National Institutes of Health need the tools to prevent this public health crisis. To do otherwise would be unconscionable. We need action now. 
TRIBUTE TO CORPORAL WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ COOPER (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor the memory of Corporal William ‘‘Bill’’ Cooper, a dedicated law enforcement officer in Arkansas. Bill, a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, served the Sebastian County Sheriff’s Office since 2001, in addition to 5 years with the Fort Smith Police Department. On August 10, Mr. Speaker, while responding to a domestic disturbance near Greenwood, Arkansas, Corporal Cooper was shot and killed in the line of duty. His is a great loss to Arkansas law enforcement and a reminder of the bravery of our men and women in blue who put their lives on the line every day to keep our citizens safe. Sebastian County and the entire Third District of Arkansas mourns the loss of Corporal Cooper. My prayers are with his wife, Ruth, his son, Scott, his sister, Ginger Cox, his three grandchildren, and Corporal Cooper’s fellow law enforcement officers. May God bless those he leaves behind as they search for peace and understanding through this terrible tragedy. 
DUTIES OF A COMMANDER IN CHIEF (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I think we all know that now more than ever it is critical that our next Commander in Chief is ready to walk into the Oval Office and be ready to lead on day one. Keeping Americans safe is the President’s most solemn duty. That is why Americans need a strong and smart national security plan led by a Commander in Chief with experience, the highest respect for our troops, and with a level head. However, the Republican nominee for President has repeatedly proven he lacks the qualities it takes to lead our Nation and our Armed Forces. He has insulted veterans and Gold Star families while claiming he knows more about how to protect this Nation than our own military leadership. He has openly advocated torture, in contradiction to what our generals suggest. When presented with a Purple Heart by a wounded veteran, he responded by saying: ‘‘I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier.’’ Our military represents the absolute best of our country. In July, when we met the Khans, he ridiculed them. We need a Commander in Chief that commands the respect of the American people. f 
ASTRONAUT JEFF WILLIAMS (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to welcome home Jeff Williams and the crew of Expedition 48, which landed safely last night in Kazakhstan. Jeff is a Wisconsin native and a West Point classmate of mine from the class of 1980. In fact, when he landed, he put a hat on that had our class crest and motto. He holds the U.S. record for the most cumulative days in space by a United States astronaut. He has completed five space walks, including two on this last mission. Jeff is a member of Gloria Dei Lutheran Church in Houston. He is also a noted and published photographer. He says: ‘‘It’s a very humbling experience to view the Earth’’—and everything it represents—‘‘and to begin to imagine the creative power of our God.’’ I would like to end with Psalm 19:1: ‘‘The heavens declare the glory of God; the skies proclaim the work of his hands.’’ Welcome home, Jeff. Have NASA update the photo in your biography, which is about 20 years old. 
21ST CENTURY HEARTLAND TOUR (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, during the past month, I have been to every corner of my congressional district as part of a 21st Century Heartland Tour. I have spoken with the hardworking men and women who truly make the Heartland the greatest place in America to live, work, and raise a family. But our region faces serious challenges, and these challenges need to be addressed by Congress. That is why I held a roundtable in Monmouth, Illinois, to discuss rural broadband. In rural America, just over half of our families have access to highspeed Internet, as opposed to 90 percent in the more urban areas. That is why I was in Stronghurst, Illinois, to talk about rural health care. Although one in four Americans live in rural America, we only have a tenth of the Nation’s practicing physicians. These are just a couple of the issues facing our families in rural America. They can’t wait for solutions. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together to support a thriving, modern 21st century heartland. f 
b1215 SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as September is National Suicide Prevention Month, I am proud to join my colleague, EARL BLUMENAUER  of Oregon, in introducing a resolution to address this silent epidemic which took the lives of near 43,000 Americans last year. Last month, the CDC reported the suicide rate has increased across nearly all age groups. And over the past decade, while mortality rates decreased for homicide, AIDS, heart disease, stroke, auto accidents, and cancer, the overall suicide rate increased again for the 11th time in 14 years. Last July, the House passed H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, by a nearunanimous vote of 422–2. This month alone, 826 Americans have died by suicide, and about 7,434 have died since we passed this bill. We fervently hope the Senate does not delay in passing this bill. Lives hang in the balance. Every 12 minutes a person dies of suicide. Every 13 minutes a family mourns a lost life who will never go home again. The Senate needs to pass this bill before they go home again themselves. Where there is help, there is hope. 
MAKE THE INVESTMENT OUR ECONOMY NEEDS (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the financial research firm of Standard & Poor’s reports that for every $1.3 billion invested in our infrastructure, 30,000 American jobs are created; it adds $2 billion in economic growth; and reduces deficit by more than $200 million. Economists at the Council on Foreign Relations explained that ‘‘the compelling case is that a dollar in on a macro basis in our economy results in more than a dollar out;’’ which is to say, Mr. Speaker, that to shortchange infrastructure is to reject and undermine economic growth in this country. Policies that create growth and reduce the deficit should be embraced by everybody, including conservatives. Indeed, it was the Republican President Eisenhower who initiated the National Highway System, and the Chamber of Commerce is a leading voice in calling for infrastructure spending today. I urge this body to embrace sound economics and the tradition of bipartisan 
support for infrastructure spending, and make the investment that our Nation needs to nationbuild, not in Afghanistan, not in Iraq, but right here at home in America. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF DEPUTY CORPORAL BILL COOPER (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in recent months, our Nation’s police have come under attack. Last month, the violence against our police hit home as Sebastian County, Arkansas, Sheriff’s Deputy Corporal Bill Cooper was shot and killed responding to a call for help on August 10. In the days and weeks since his untimely death, thousands of Sebastian County residents paid their respects to Corporal Cooper by remembering his dedication to God, his family, the sheriff’s department, and the country he loved. I don’t pretend that my words will fill the void left by his death, but I hope my words can properly honor a man who paid the ultimate price upholding the oath he swore to defend. I thank him for his service, and I thank his family for sharing him with the community. Psalm 34:18 says: ‘‘The Lord is close to the brokenhearted; He rescues those whose spirits are crushed.’’ May God bless and comfort Deputy Cooper’s family and friends during this time of grief. 
FUNDING TO COMBAT THE ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my disappointment that Congress left in mid July without adequately funding the Zika crisis. The number of confirmed Zika cases across the United States and territories quadrupled while Congress was on recess. The number of cases rose from 4,222 in midJuly to 16,822 last week. Zika poses a grave, unprecedented threat to public health. It is time for Congress to fulfill its constitutional and moral duty to protect the health and welfare of our country. It is an appalling disservice to the American people that we have not yet provided resources to combat this virus that already is having real effects on our families. We have delayed funds for medical research and help to our local communities. The majority’s reluctance is putting the health and lives of the American people at risk, and inaction now is only more costly in the long run. I sincerely hope we can return to work with a renewed sense of responsibility for health and welfare of our Nation and approve the funds necessary to prevent Zika spreading in the country. We need our communities safe. Pass a clean Zika funding bill. f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF POLICE CHIEF JACK STORNE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Police Chief Jack Storne, of Gridley, California, who passed away on August 27. Serving others is part of what was hardwired into Jack’s existence. From being in the Marine Corps from 1963 to 1965, many, many years in law enforcement, and in his church, and also in dedication to his recently passed wife of 47 years, Wilma, his commitment to protecting and caring and serving for others, for his community, sets a gold star standard for public service. In his 37 years in the police force, Jack worked his way up from reserve officer in Modesto, California, to a patrolman, to the beloved police chief of Gridley and Biggs, where he was widely respected for his communityfocused approach in protecting residents and enforcing law. He implemented many important new ideas and programs in his department, such as the Retired Senior Volunteer Program, the GangResistance Education and Training platform, Police Explorers program, the D.A.R.E. Officer program, the K–9 program, and the unit’s firstever detective position. Following his retirement, Chief Storne continued to dedicate his time as a chaplain to the Gridley Police Department, as well as a minister at the Live Oak Church of the Brethren, where he was recently ordained. Chief Jack Storne wasn’t so much interested in being known as a great man, but as a good man; and there is a distinction there. Indeed, I think he would be most proud to have said about him: well done, good and faithful servant. Our thoughts go out to his family, his children and his grandchildren. May they take comfort in knowing the profound impact their father and grandfather had on an entire community, and the legacy he left. 
FORPROFIT COLLEGES (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, ITT Tech, like other forprofit colleges before it, has misled students and mismanaged funds. Mr. Speaker, forprofit schools are often where our most vulnerable students seek brighter futures, students going back to their education after years away, single parents and veterans, and students with limited means. These students frequently receive financial aid, and the school’s recklessness can do irreparable damage to their ability to complete their degrees, and ruin their credit ratings. Over a quarter of all Department of Education student aid funds, a third of all post9/11 GI benefits, and half of DOD tuition assistance funds go to for profit colleges. Shouldn’t we make sure these Federal funds are a worthwhile investment? We must remember that beyond the dollar amounts and industry regulations, there are students’ lives at risk, and doing right by them protects their interests and our competitiveness in our global economy. f 
RECOGNIZING NIC DIDIA, THE ‘‘PATROLMAN OF FRANKLIN STREET’’ (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a source of inspiration for a community in the Eighth District of Indiana. Known as the patrolman of Franklin Street on the west side of Evansville, Nic Didia, an 18yearold with muscular dystrophy, is often seen patrolling the area in front of his mother’s stores. Nic has always wanted to be a police officer and has become known for his support of local law enforcement and first responders. His dream recently became a reality as he was welcomed on to the Evansville Police Department as an honorary officer during a ceremony with family, friends, and other members of the community. He now proudly wears badge number 980. Congratulations, Nic. Your dedication and service to your community serve as an example to us all. 
TAKE ACTION ON THE ZIKA CRISIS (Ms. MCCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to demand the House take action on the Zika crisis. The Zika virus is being transmitted by mosquitoes right inside the United States now. Parts of Miami are under Zikarelated travel warnings. The total number of American cases has climbed to almost 17,000, including 1,600 expecting mothers. Six months ago, the public health experts told us what they needed to address Zika. House Republicans have ignored those experts’ pleas. Now the Centers for Disease Control and State public health agencies are running out of money for Zika response. The CDC Director tells us that the money to fight this disease will be gone 
by the end of September. The NIH Director has warned that congressional inaction is cannibalizing resources for other public health needs. Families in States like Florida, Louisiana, and Texas are in danger. They cannot wait any longer for this Congress to act. The House must give our public health experts the resources that they need to help keep the American people safe. 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MASTER PATROL OFFICER FRED ARNOLD III (Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and honor the memory of Tampa Police Master Patrol Officer Fred Arnold III. Fred passed away last month while scuba diving in Nevada. He was 48 years old. For nearly three decades, Officer Arnold served and protected the residents of Tampa, Florida. When he was just 23 years old, while offduty, he jumped through a window into a burning house to save a mother and her two young children, ages 4 months and 4 years old. All three were unconscious when Arnold pulled them out. For his heroism, he was given an award for valor. Over the years, Officer Arnold also helped mentor hundreds of teens through the community’s Police Explorers program. Those he helped described Arnold as a father figure, someone who was easygoing, always approachable, and had a laugh that was so infectious, it would brighten your day. As Tampa’s mayor said: ‘‘Arnold’s service to the city was unparalleled, and he leaves behind a lasting legacy.’’ Mr. Speaker, Fred Arnold III was a wellknown and wellrespected man who served his community with distinction, made a lasting impact, and will be sorely missed by the lives he touched. May God bless Officer Fred Arnold III, his family, his friends, and his Tampa Police Department colleagues. 
EMERGENCY FUNDS TO COMBAT ZIKA VIRUS EPIDEMIC (Mr. SCHIFF asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the Republican majority to act immediately on the administration’s request for emergency funds to combat the Zika virus epidemic. It is shameful that we have waited 7 months to act while the threat from Zika grows more and more apparent. This majority is failing the most basic function of government, to protect its people. In the United States and territories, as many as 14,000 locally acquired cases have already been reported, and at least 1,600 pregnant women have been infected, putting their babies at risk for microcephaly and other devastating birth defects. Every week we fail to act, more children and families will suffer the consequences. Let’s heed the call of public health experts to launch an aggressive campaign against the Zika virus and pass a funding bill immediately. f 
CONGRATULATING OLYMPIC GOLD MEDALIST RYAN HELD (Mr. LAHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Springfield, Illinois, native Ryan Held on his Olympic gold medal for swimming at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. The 2016 Rio Games were Ryan Held’s first Olympics, and he represented the United States in the 4 × 100 meter freestyle relay, along with Nathan Adrian, Caeleb Dressel, and Michael Phelps. Ryan took over for Phelps for the third leg of the freestyle relay. Ryan’s fast split time of 47.73 seconds maintained the lead for the U.S. and helped the team swim to gold. I know I speak for everyone in Springfield when I say that we are very proud of Ryan Held. He represented his community, his State, and his country with the strength, speed, humility, and dignity befitting an Olympic champion. This past Friday, our hometown Olympian was warmly celebrated by the city of Springfield at Sacred Heart Griffin, his alma mater, where hundreds from the community came out to congratulate him. Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner declared September 2, 2016, as Ryan Held Day during a ceremony at Sacred HeartGriffin High School. I hope this day serves as a reminder to Ryan of our support and pride in him as he prepares for the rest of what will undoubtedly be a decorated swimming career. 
FUNDING FOR RESPONSE TO THE ZIKA CRISIS (Mr. HIMES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask, to beseech, really, that this House take immediate action to fully fund our country’s response to the spreading horror of Zika. Mr. Speaker, there are now thousands of confirmed cases of Zika in the United States. Hundreds of these cases are pregnant women. Can you imagine the terror they experience wondering whether their child will be born with horrible disabilities? What must they think as they see our public health experts coming to Congress? These are the people who helped end the Ebola crisis. They come to Congress and they say: We need these resources. The call has been made, but it has not been answered because some in this House think that, yes, your concerns are real, but we have to continue the fight about Planned Parenthood. Yes, my pregnant friend, your concerns are real, but we have unfinished business about the Confederate flag. What must they think? Mr. Speaker, the call has been issued. This is a national emergency. We need to act not tomorrow, not next week, but today to help these people with the Zika virus. f 
b1230 I’M BACK (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, during the week of July Fourth celebrations of our Nation’s independence, I was diagnosed with leukemia. After entering the best cancer center in the world, MD Anderson Hospital in Houston, Texas, my hometown, in just 8 weeks, incredible progress has been made. Thanks to the good Lord, the doctors, and staff at MD Anderson, I am able to be back in Washington, D.C., and on the House floor. I will be here as much as my treatment will allow. Importantly, I want to thank the Members and people from all over the country for their outpouring of encouragement and prayers. It has been remarkably overwhelming and humbling to me. The caring concern of Members, their staffs, and my staff have shown proves, once again, that there are a lot of good people who work for the United States House of Representatives. This September during Leukemia Awareness Month, I intend to keep fighting this cancer with all that I have while fighting for Texans in this House. I intend to be independent and free from this cancer. Christopher Reeve once said: ‘‘Once you choose hope, anything’s possible.’’ Mr. Speaker, I choose hope. And that is just the way it is. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. HONDA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, this week we return after an epic recess of House Republican inaction on stemming gun violence, and yet gun violence does not recess. Between Memorial Day and this past weekend, 4,100 Americans died from gunrelated activities, and nearly 8,700 were wounded. Mr. Speaker, this week we return to the American people’s evergrowing impatience for Congress to finally take 
measures that will reduce gun violence and save lives. Keeping guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists and criminals—what can be more common sense about that? The vast majority of Americans certainly believe such policies are common sense. Give us a vote, Mr. Speaker. Give Americans a vote. 
A BETTER WAY TO FIGHT POVERTY (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the important work being done in Indiana’s Second Congressional District to fight poverty and end hunger. This August I visited the Food Bank of Northern Indiana, which serves six counties and church community services in Elkhart. Both have been doing incredible work fighting poverty for decades. I also toured the Washington Discovery Academy in Plymouth, where they have a garden to teach kids about nutrition and grow produce for a local food pantry, and the Marshall County Neighborhood Center, whose food pantry serves 400 families each month. Mr. Speaker, hearing from those on the front lines of the fight against poverty is the best way to learn what works and what doesn’t. That idea is central to our House Republicans’ A Better Way agenda. Too many people are getting trapped in a cycle of poverty. That is why A Better Way calls for innovative and evidencebased solutions. By listening to people in our communities and testing new ideas, we can build a bridge out of poverty. 
HONORING THE LATE REPRESENTATIVE MARK TAKAI (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, as chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, or CAPAC, I rise today to honor our colleague, the Honorable Mark Takai of Hawaii, who passed away in July after a hardfought battle with pancreatic cancer. Mark was a true patriot, public servant, and friend who truly had the aloha spirit. His strong commitment to improving the lives of the people of Hawaii and all Americans was integrally woven into the fabric of his distinguished military and public service career. In Congress, he led notable efforts to reunite Filipino World War II veterans with their families and to assist atomic war veterans suffering from radiation exposure. It was a privilege to work with Mark, and I will never forget his warmth, kindness, and strong dedication to bettering our community and our country. On behalf of CAPAC, I thank Mark for his lifetime of leadership and service. Mahalo, Mark. f 
AMERICANS BELIEVE THE MEDIA IS BIASED (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent poll by Morning Consult found that only 27 percent of Americans believe the media is fair and unbiased. Americans know that the media is not impartial and that objectivity is not a priority when reporting on current events. For example, the media has routinely ignored former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s wrongful use of a private server, her improperly handling classified emails, and her using the Clinton Foundation as a way for donors to receive access to both Clinton and the State Department. The Associated Press recently reported that at least 85 of 154 donors to the Clinton Foundation were granted a meeting with thenSecretary of State Clinton. The New York Times did not find this newsworthy. The national media should give the American people the facts, not slant the news or just give them one side. 
ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, in the United States, the Zika virus is spreading faster and infecting more people every single day. We are staring down the barrel of a new Flint water crisis, yet we fail to act because we are arguing over a price tag while Americans are truly paying the price every day. The March of Dimes estimates that the cost of treating one child with microcephaly may be more than $10 million over that person’s lifetime. Right now, according to the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control, over 14,000 people have been infected with the Zika virus right here in the United States so far, and 20 babies have already been born with birth defects. Like Flint, the longer we wait, the more this will cost the American public. Congress must act immediately. We must get ahead of this epidemic and slow the threat of the Zika virus across the United States. Whether you are White, Black, man, woman, a doctor, or a child, the virus does not discriminate. No one is immune. REMEMBERING THOSE WHO LOST THEIR LIVES ON SEPTEMBER 11, 2001 (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. This Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of that horrific day when nearly 3,000 innocent people were killed. It was a despicable act of terrorism and one that we will never, ever forget. Mother, fathers, sisters, brothers, sons, and daughters who all went to work that Tuesday had their lives cut short by terrorists who attacked us merely because we believe in the principles of freedom, justice, and liberty for all. Some of those who perished were the brave first responders who ran into the burning buildings as others ran out. Their heroism showed the world America’s true colors—something that no attack can ever take away. President Bush said that evening in his address to the Nation: ‘‘Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America. These acts shatter steel, but they cannot dent the steel of America’s resolve.’’ Mr. Speaker, those words still ring true as we thank those first responders and mourn for all those who were lost that fateful day. f 
FLINT FUNDING (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, it is our job here in Congress to support communities in crisis. It has been a year since we learned about the leadcontaminated water in Flint. It is way past time to act, Mr. Speaker. We are here to call on our Republican colleagues to do their job and to address the urgent needs of the people of Flint. We have to consider funding a bill that will take care of the needs of the people in Flint. This crisis happened when Governor Snyder ripped democratic rights away from the people of Flint and tried to run the government like it was a business. The State made decisions in the name of fiscal responsibility, but when it comes to people’s health, the government should not be run on the cheap with people’s health. Funding from Congress can help Flint replace corroded pipes, support health and education assistance for kids exposed to lead, and deliver economic development opportunities for the community. Earlier this year, I traveled to Flint with Representative KILDEE and 25 other of my colleagues to hear directly 
from the people. Mr. Speaker, here are a few of the things that they said: One woman spoke about the loss of dignity she felt while waiting in line just for water, and many others gave us important stories which I will put into the RECORD at a later time. 
STORMONT HOUSE AGREEMENT (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, last month the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, which I cochair, hosted a briefing by women from Belfast on the aftermath of the Northern Ireland conflict in which 3,500 people died, 90 percent of them men. Women survived to pick up the pieces. The 1998 Good Friday agreement that ended the war protected human rights going forward but did not address the past, so the needs of victims of human rights violations committed by both sides are still unmet. Women in Northern Ireland who have supported survivors have now developed gender principles for dealing with the legacy of the past. The 2014 Stormont House Agreement could help victims and survivors access truth, justice, and reparations. Mr. Speaker, I urge all those concerned with human rights, peace, and security in Northern Ireland to encourage the British and Irish Governments and the Northern Ireland Assembly to fully implement the legacy parts of the Stormont House Agreement incorporating the gender principles. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WESTMORELAND ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1245 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on House Resolution 843, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee and also provides a motion to recommit. Additionally, the rule makes in order 7 of the 11 amendments submitted, representing ideas from Members on both sides of the aisle. Yesterday, the Rules Committee received testimony from the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the ranking member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law. Subcommittee hearings were held on both H.R. 5063 and on the topic of the Department of Justice’s mortgage lending settlements with major lending banks. In May of this year, H.R. 5063 was marked up and reported by the Judiciary Committee. The bill passed the Judiciary Committee after the consideration of several amendments. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act went through regular order and enjoyed thorough discussion at both the subcommittee and full committee level. H.R. 5063 is supported by the Institute for Legal Reform, Americans for Limited Government, and Americans for Tax Reform because it increases accountability for how settlement funds are spent and it helps to restore the balance of power between the branches of government. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act was introduced after the nearly 20 month investigation by the House Judiciary Committee found that the Department of Justice was systematically circumventing Congress and directing settlement money to activist groups. This bill will help address that problem. The power of the purse is one of Congress’ greatest tools to rein in the executive branch and exercise oversight. It is no surprise, then, that this administration would want to find a way around that oversight and grow its authority. In fact, in the last 2 years alone, the Department of Justice has funneled nonvictim thirdparty groups as much as $880 million. The Department of Justice does this by collecting money from parties who have broken the law and then use that money to create a slush fund, rather than sending the money to the victims of the illicit activity. The Department of Justice allows the ‘‘donations’’—if that is what they are called—required under the settlements to count as a double credit against defendants’ payment obligations. Interestingly, credit for direct relief to consumers is only counted as dollar for dollar, indicating 
the importance the Department of Justice places on directing these funds to nonvictim thirdparty groups. For example, the Department of Justice negotiated settlement agreements to the tune of millions of dollars with major banks for misleading investors over mortgagebacked securities, well within what they are supposed to do. Then the Department of Justice said that banks, or other parties it has settled with, could meet some of their settlement obligations by making donations to certain groups. The money goes to these groups partially under the guise that those groups would provide services to the aggrieved parties. In reality, this practice directs funds away from victims and allows the Department of Justice to steer money to nonvictim thirdparty groups, usually administration friendly, politically motivated organizations. Additionally, the parties that receive these funds, these nonvictim third party organizations, aren’t a part of the case, they don’t represent the victims, and aren’t subject to congressional oversight for the funds they receive. Even if most of these groups weren’t activist groups, this would be a concerning scenario. The donations to thirdparty groups allow the Department of Justice to funnel money to friendly parties outside of the appropriations process and outside congressional approval. Many of these thirdparty groups are unquestionably political and certainly wouldn’t be considered nonpartisan by mutual observers. In fact, the mortgage settlement cases, groups like the National Council of La Raza received more than $1 million in Department of Housing and Urban Development grants under the settlements. I don’t know about you, but I think that when DOJ requires a settlement, the funds should go back to the victims involved in the case, including victims back home in northeast Georgia. And if the victims cannot be found or if the problem cannot be directly rectified, then the settlement funds should go on to the Treasury so that Congress can appropriately decide how to use them. I don’t think it is acceptable to shortchange victims to benefit special interests and politically friendly third party organizations, but that is exactly what the administration has been doing. The administration is trying to usurp the power of the purse through these settlement slush funds and has only gotten more confident that they can get away with it. Maybe even more troubling, despite repeated requests for more information, the Department of Justice is refusing to provide it. What little information has been provided indicates that groups that stood to gain from the mandatory donations actually lobbied DOJ to include them in settlements. Mr. Speaker, listen to what that says. Actually, one of the things that we have gained from this is the fact that the groups that stood to gain from these ‘‘mandatory’’ donations were lobbying DOJ to get the money—not a party to the case, not a party to the victims, but wanting their cut of the pie. In at least one case, the Department of Justice restored funding to a program that Congress specifically cut. Congress cut funding in half for a Housing and Urban Development program known as the Housing Counseling Assistance Program. But after grant recipients of this program expressed their displeasure at the cuts, they received a helping hand from who else— the Department of Justice. The DOJ mortgage settlements ensured that, despite congressional action to the contrary, eliminating funding for these groups would be restored. DOJ didn’t just stop at circumventing Congress’ funding authority in that case; instead, they directly violated the congressional intent. Again, a congressional oversight overstep misused because the agency decided it knew better than the elected representatives of the people. It is time to reassert congressional authority over this process so that hardworking folks are protected from more executive overreach and the separation of powers is restored. At a Judiciary hearing in May on this bill, Heritage Foundation scholar Paul Larkin testified that ‘‘Congress identifies precisely who may receive Federal funds.’’ That is what we do. I agree with him, but the Department of Justice’s settlement process in recent years undercuts that critical function of the separation of powers. That is why we have to act and why the underlying bill is so important. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act prohibits settlement terms that require donations to nonvictim third parties. Importantly, the bill clarifies that payments that provide restitution for harm caused are not donations. Additionally, H.R. 5063 restores the separation of powers by establishing that settlement funds remaining after victims have been compensated are overseen by Congress. Rather than directing money outside the appropriations process, the bill returns the funds to the Treasury to remediate damages after victims have been taken care of. I urge everyone here today to think about their constituents who one day may be victims looking for restitution. I want to go home and tell those hardworking Georgians that I represent that I am making sure they are put first, not special interests. I hope that others will share that feeling by supporting the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ), my friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, this week, we return from 7 weeks away from the Capitol, the longest summer recess in modern times, and House Republicans continue to delay action on the most pressing issues facing our country, instead focusing on issues that benefit special interests, and issues, quite frankly, that are going nowhere. I had hoped that after we all spent some time with our constituents over the summer recess, the priorities of this Republican leadership would change to reflect what the American people actually care about, but they haven’t. During our 252 days in session—which, by the way, includes 42 pro forma days where no legislative business was accomplished—we have voted on countless bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act, undermine financial protections put in place by Dodd Frank, and weaken environmental protections. We are back on the floor this week to deregulate Wall Street, take away critical investor protections, and make it easier for those who break the law to get away without paying a financial price. Today’s rule provides for the consideration of a bill that eliminates public interest protections, creates needless litigation and delay, and imposes draconian penalties on Federal officials. It is a misinformed response to a nonexistent problem, and just one more corporate giveaway by this Republican Congress. And, again, remember, it is going nowhere. This isn’t leadership, Mr. Speaker. It is like a recurring nightmare. While spending time on efforts that are nothing more than sound bites from my friends on the other side of the aisle to use on the campaign trail, this Republican Congress has repeatedly ignored the calls of our constituents to act on issues they care about—issues that impact our communities, our neighborhoods, and our families. House Republicans continue to obstruct meaningful action on the greatest public health crisis impacting our country. Almost 17,000 Americans, including nearly 1,600 pregnant women, are currently suffering from the Zika virus. This month, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will run out of resources to fight Zika. In the words of Dr. Thomas Frieden of the CDC, ‘‘We need Congress to act.’’ For 7 months, President Obama and Democrats in Congress have urged the Republican leadership to take up and pass the administration’s emergency supplemental request. But instead of considering a bipartisan Zika funding bill, the Republican leadership in this House has, once again, caved to the most extreme faction of their conference to produce an inadequate, partisan bill loaded with poison pill offsets. This is an emergency. We should treat it as such. But Republicans have spent months making excuses about 
why we don’t need to provide the full funding that our Nation’s public health experts say we need. We have had public health expert after public health expert tell us that we need to act, and yet my Republican friends think they know better. They have brought to the floor legislation to undermine the Clean Water Act under the guise of containing the Zika virus. They have even insisted on poison pill riders that continue the Republican assault on women’s access to comprehensive health care, instead of bringing legislation that is focused solely on protecting American families from the terrible impacts of Zika. House Republicans have blocked the full emergency resources needed to combat the Zika virus seven times, and left town for a 53day recess without committing a dime to address this growing public health crisis. It is shameful. In addition to shirking our responsibilities on the Zika virus, this Republican leadership has prevented action on other public health emergencies like the opiate crisis and the terrible tragedy in Flint, Michigan, and the epidemic of gun violence plaguing our communities. Congress passed a bill to address the opiate crisis and it was an important step, but we must do more. We need to pass a strong piece of legislation that actually funds our fight against the opiate crisis and gives State and local partners the resources they need to help so many of our communities that have been hit hard by this epidemic. Passing a bill that has all these nice statements in it and nice goals and not funding it, well, that is just a press release, and that is about the extent of what this Congress has done to deal with this terrible opiate crisis. For 2 years, 100,000 people in Flint, Michigan, could not access safe water from their own faucets—100,000 people. For 2 years, hardworking Americans were denied the fundamental right of access to potable water. We are not talking about some tiny country halfway around the world. This has been happening right here in the United States of America. The Families of Flint Act, led by my friend and colleague, Congressman DAN KILDEE , would help the people of Flint, Michigan, recover from this manmade disaster that they are still dealing with; but this Congress is too busy wasting its time to even consider bringing this vitally important, noncontroversial bill up for a vote. Where is the majority leadership on this? Why are they simply sitting back and allowing countless families in Flint to continue to be unable to turn on their faucets and receive the safe water that they need and, quite frankly, that should be a basic right in this country, the very same safe water that Speaker RYANand so many of us take for granted? In fact, it was recently discovered that there were elevated levels of lead in the Cannon House Office Building. Congress has spared no expense in addressing that issue, yet has failed to give the Families of Flint Act a single vote or hearing even in this Chamber. b1300 This Republican Congress has failed Flint by refusing to adequately fund our water infrastructure for years, and we are failing them again by not passing this commonsense legislation. While we have delayed action on a response to the Zika virus and to the crisis in Flint, Michigan, House Republicans have also refused to act on bipartisan, commonsense legislation to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists and criminals. In fact, House Republicans have voted 24 times to block the nofly, nobuy measure, which polls indicate is supported by 74 percent of our constituents. They have blocked debate on legislation to expand and strengthen background checks. If you go to a licensed gun dealer, you have to go through a background check, but if you go to a gun show or if you buy a gun online, you don’t have to go through a background check. What sense does that make? Who could be against that? Yet they have voted time and time again to deny us the right to bring that to the floor. They have voted five times against lifting the 19yearlong ban on Federal research on gun violence. What is the Republican Congress so afraid of? We came back yesterday. I was looking through the press and was trying to figure out if, maybe, the Republican leadership in this House would actually do something about gun violence in order to protect the American people and to make sure that people who have a history of violent crime don’t have access to guns or that people who are dangerously, mentally ill don’t have access to guns. I thought, maybe, some of their constituents would kind of knock some common sense into their heads while they were on recess. But we come back, and what do we read? What is the Republican leadership’s response to all of this? They want to bring a resolution to the floor to punish Democrats for having the audacity to raise our voices in protest over the fact that we cannot even get a vote on any of these bills that we think could save lives. They want to punish us; they want to sanction us; they want to condemn us because we said that, in the greatest deliberative body in the world, we ought to be able to deliberate. Apparently, the Republican leadership is outraged over what they say is a breach of decorum that shut down the Chamber for 25 hours because Democrats had a sitin here in protest over the fact that we can’t bring any legislation up for a debate. They are outraged over that. That is where their outrage is. My question is: Where is the outrage over the 50 innocent civilians who were killed in Orlando? Where is the outrage over the 14 people who were killed in San Bernardino or over the 9 people who were killed in a church in Charleston, South Carolina? Is there any outrage over that? Where is the outrage over the 27, mostly children, who were killed in Newtown, Connecticut, or over the 12 people who were killed in a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, or the outrage over the 6 people who were killed in Tucson, Arizona, where our former colleague, Gabby Giffords, was shot, or over the 32 people who were killed at Virginia Tech? Since my Republican friends have been in recess, over 4,000 Americans have been shot and killed in gun violence in this country—over 4,000. Where is the outrage? The only outrage that my Republican friends seem to have is over the fact that Democrats have had the audacity to raise this question about maybe we should do something, maybe we can do something to protect our constituents. I say to my colleagues: We don’t need a slap on the wrist from the Republican leadership here. We need to reform our laws to ensure that guns are kept out of the wrong hands. Over 32,000 people in America die from gun violence each year—about 89 people per day. If this isn’t a public health emergency, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what is. But you come back, and this is what we are going to be debating on the House floor? Oh, my God. This is it? I mean the outrage, quite frankly, from the American people against the leadership of this House is over the fact that the Republican leaders have turned this place into a Congress in which trivial issues are debated passionately and important ones not at all. Enough. Let’s do the people’s business. We are not doing it today, and I hope that my colleagues will reconsider their agenda for the time we are back here and will actually do something meaningful. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just clarify, Mr. Speaker, why we are here. This is a rule for H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act. One clarification as to what was just mentioned is that this bill does not allow any company to get off the hook. They are going through the process, and they are paying their fines. What we are trying to let off the hook here is the Department of Justice, which believes that it is the arbitrator of the world to their own pet projects. Let’s get back to the basics of this bill. If we want to pontificate on the world, fine, then we can pontificate on the world; but let’s get back to the rule for today, for this moment, and do not tell stories that don’t exist. Congress— both sides—should decide that the Department of Justice should not be having a settlement of mandatory donations to pet groups because they don’t get enough funding. How about they 
just go get another job instead of living off settlements from others when they are not the victims? I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I just say to my friend from Georgia that I am not pontificating; I am just expressing frustration over the fact that we are not doing anything of any consequence here on the House floor. This legislation that we are dealing with today—in fact, the legislation that we are going to deal with later in the week—is going nowhere. Yet we have a Zika crisis; we have a crisis in Flint, Michigan; and we have a crisis of people who are dying from gun violence in this country. For some reason, the Republicans who run this House can’t find the time to spend even 1 day talking about those things. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. I thank the gentleman from Georgia, and I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I am glad you had a little reference here: don’t allow companies or corporations to avoid their responsibilities. I want to speak to that issue. I think it is very, very, very critical. Mr. Speaker, let’s not beat around the bush. We are on the floor today debating H.R. 5063 under the guise of ‘‘ensuring responsibility.’’ I mean, who would be against that? That is like apple pie. However, this bill is nothing more than a political exercise void of real reprimand for these practices, reforms to the system, or redress to actual victims. If that is what it did, I would be here supporting it. We have known for years of instances where deferred prosecution agreements have gotten out of hand. You don’t remember those days? I will bring them back to you. When I tried to make modest reforms to improve the transparency of these agreements, I was rebuffed by Members on the other side of the aisle. They have short memories. They have selective memories. Where was this outrage when I was screaming about seven deferred prosecution agreements with large medical device companies that were negotiated by New Jersey’s former United States Attorney Chris Christie? There is a name. One of the settlements allowed BristolMyers Squibb to avoid prosecution for securities fraud in exchange for a $5 million donation to Mr. Christie’s law school alma mater; and I am listening to preaching over here and pontificating about what is going on today about these groups that are lined up to get their money from the Justice Department. I didn’t hear one word—not one word. In fact, if the gentleman has a word to interject, I will hold on for 10 seconds and listen. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. PASCRELL. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee has brought this issue up already. If the gentleman does not know this, he needs to go back, and he can see it. That is why this is a bipartisan issue. We can be together on this. Mr. PASCRELL. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Speaker, in all of the settlements, Chris Christie appointed political allies and supporters as monitors to oversee corporate compliance, which the gentleman is talking about, which netted those allies tens of millions of dollars. These allies then served as major donors to a political campaign account. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. PASCRELL. Now, these arrangements were so problematic that they prompted the Department of Justice— we have selective memory—to issue a new guidance limiting prosecutors’ discretion in reaching such agreements, and the Judiciary Committee held an oversight hearing in 2009. When Democrats tried to highlight the issue of using a public office to funnel large legal fees to cronies who then turned around and bankrolled campaigns, those on the other side said they did not see it for what it was— crony capitalism. They have heard the term before. Rather, they bent over backward to praise Mr. Christie and accused Democrats of grasping for ways to embarrass a ‘‘rising Republican star.’’ Now that time has passed and a different administration is in charge, we are now hearing a different story, but very real issues with these practices still remain. I agree that we need reforms, my friend from Georgia. I agree. I hope that my colleagues will take a look at the deferred prosecution agreements reform legislation that I, Mr. PALLONE , and Mr. COHEN have introduced. The issue here is not the government forcing companies to use deferred prosecution agreements to potentially divert funds away from helping victims when it comes to corporate malfeasance. The more egregious issue is that firms have avoided prosecution to begin with. The little guy gets it in the neck, and the banks and the corporations are never held accountable. The other side knows. The gentleman, my friend, has opened up a can of worms here—and I mean that sincerely. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. PASCRELL. We are on a roll here. Mr. Speaker, the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission made recommendations to the Department of Justice to criminally prosecute top executives at several large financial institutions, but we have yet to see a major Wall Street executive be criminally charged. That is criminal. You want to know what ‘‘criminal’’ is? That is criminal. So we come here today, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. I don’t question the motivations of the sponsor, by the way. That is not my motive. We learned in March that the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission—I will repeat—recommended that the Department of Justice criminally prosecute. Nothing has been done. I have also written a letter to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. By the way, this is not partisan. Our own Justice Department hasn’t done anything either. I am being fair about this, but they have to look into this. They can’t come before us and tell us they are trying to save the little guy or the victims when they allow this and permit this to go on day in and day out when the banks never were held accountable. No one has ever been brought before a court. Eight years later, and we are here. Rather than wasting time on this fishing expedition, if the House really wants to ensure punishment is carried out and that the actual victims receive compensation, we need to actually address the root cause of the problem. Mr. Ranking Member, my friend from Georgia, we have to address the root problem. b1315 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the gentleman from New Jersey. I think the interesting thing is that I have listened to him—as he said, he is on a roll—and I think we are probably in more agreement than we are disagreeing here. I wasn’t here to—in fact, you said to ‘‘turn a blind eye.’’ This is a problem, and it doesn’t matter who is there. If it is a Republican, it is wrong; if it is a Democrat, it is wrong, Mr. Speaker. That is why we are here. I agree with the outrage. It shouldn’t happen, especially when you get into the fact that the Department of Justice is actually taking money and putting money to departments and programs that this Congress had cut funding from. That is not right. I don’t care who the administration is; I don’t care who the President is. I agree with the gentleman from New Jersey. He makes a passionate argument. Maybe you just need to come over here and help me out. We are making the right argument here. So the question now becomes—no matter where it comes from—and the interesting issue here is this shouldn’t be taking place, no matter who is over it. The problem is, and what I would love to ask is: Where has the Department of Justice been for the last 7 years on any issue, for the most part? It has been very frustrating to both sides of the aisle. On this one, I actually think we can find more agreement than we can find disagreement. I appreciate the gentleman from New Jersey’s remarks because, frankly, this 
is what this does. It doesn’t let them off the hook. It just simply goes back to looking at these mandatory donations which, again, party is irrelevant. This is not a role for the Department of Justice. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, can I inquire of the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) how many more speakers he has who want to speak on this bill on his side? I know the demand has been really great. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, they have been pulling at my coattails, but I think at this time they are going to hold back. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, let me put this in perspective for everybody. We can have this conversation here and maybe people can do press releases after we have a vote on it, but I think we all know that this bill is going nowhere, and it is going nowhere fast. So we are essentially wasting our time, we are wasting taxpayer dollars, and we are doing so at a moment when we have some serious challenges and serious crises facing our country. I mentioned gun violence. My friends don’t want to do anything about that; although, according to the press, they want to bring a resolution to slap our wrists. That is their outrage over all the gun violence that we have seen, the massacres that we have seen in this country. I find that stunning, quite frankly. I mean, it takes my breath away that, in the aftermath of all that has gone on, that that is the best they can do. Nonetheless, that is their solution, and it is another waste of time. We have a crisis in Flint, Michigan, where people still can’t turn on their faucets. We are not talking about a country halfway around the world. We are talking about a community here in the United States of America where clean water ought to be a right, and yet we can’t seem to schedule the time to do anything to help solve that problem. We passed a bill that had some good goals in it with regard to the opiate crisis that we are facing, but we haven’t passed any funding for it yet. So people can go back home and say, ‘‘Oh, we did something,’’ but really they didn’t, because a bill that sets out nice goals that doesn’t have any funding really is nothing more than a press release. We are not talking about funding for any of those priorities to deal with the opiate crisis. Then there is the Zika crisis, which is getting worse and worse and worse, and yet we can’t find the time this week to do anything about it. I find that appalling. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that fully funds the administration’s efforts to mount a robust and longterm response to the growing Zika crisis. The administration requested funding 7 months ago, and the Republican majority has refused to consider legislation that would adequately address the seriousness of this situation. Due to Republican inaction, the administration has been forced to repurpose nearly $600 million dedicated to other pressing public health needs to stem the growing tide of this disaster. Guess what. That money is about to run out, and there are now nearly 17,000 cases of Zika in the United States and territories. As CDC Director Frieden said, ‘‘The cupboard is bare.’’ The time for half measures and political posturing has long since passed. The time to act is now. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I again appeal to the leadership of this House: Do something. Do something that will help somebody in this country. I get it. Elections are coming up, and everybody is engaged in political posturing. You know, we were elected to actually try to help people and help solve problems. I have to tell you, by any objective measure, the leadership of this House has failed. I mean, it has failed on Flint. It has failed on the Zika crisis. It has failed on gun violence. It has failed on confronting this opiate crisis. I can go on and on and on again. I can point to 70plus times that we voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act. All of these messaging bills that were written in the basement of the Republican Congressional Campaign Committee, I guess you go back home and brag about those things, but at the end of the day, you haven’t done anything. I hope that in these few weeks that we are back before we recess again that maybe some common sense can prevail on the Republican side and we can actually do something, something that will help all of our constituents, especially with this Zika crisis. This is a crisis. If that doesn’t compel everybody to do something to provide the funding necessary to combat it, I mean, given what we have seen, then I don’t know what will move my Republican colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question, and then vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule to consider a bill that, quite frankly, is going nowhere and is a waste of our time. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. It is fairly amazing to me that we can actually find agreement, that we agree that this should not be happening. The gentleman from Massachusetts made this statement several times, and he said ‘‘this bill is going nowhere.’’ I would just ask him, Mr. Speaker, why not? If we want to find agreement and move forward, then, why not? Why wouldn’t a bill brought forward by this Congress that addresses a bipartisan issue of Republican and Democrat abuses to a Department of Justice settlement program, why shouldn’t it move forward? Instead of saying it is a waste of time, instead of saying it is something we are just doing to get along and to not address real issues, this is a real issue. Why don’t we move it forward? Instead, we will posture. We will vote ‘‘no,’’ and we will complain about what we don’t want to have. Why not move it forward? We have heard from my friends across the aisle, the ones who came, two witnesses, that we agree on this. It should not be happening. Instead, this is a big issue. In fact, I believe it is the one issue right now that is percolating not only in our Presidential elections, but in our congressional elections. It is in our Senatorial elections. It is in our State elections. It is this understanding of the American people that right now government is not working. Government is broken, the government that they grew up going to school with. As school has started back over the last month in Georgia—my home State, Mr. Speaker, and yours—up to New York where it starts tomorrow, they go to social studies and they learn about the Founders and they learn about the Constitution and they learn about three branches of government and how Congress does the bills and the appropriating and how the executive branch carries those instructions out and how the judiciary comports that to the constitutionality of what we do. I cannot think of a better way than to live within those Founders’ framework and to say, ‘‘Why isn’t this bill going somewhere?’’ instead of Congress sitting back and letting the executive branch do whatever it wants to do, however it wants to do it just because they throw a tantrum because they don’t get their way. The bill does not protect people from getting away from the law. The bill does not keep people from being prosecuted. The bill does not keep punitive damages. Just go through the long list of what they have said, the list of horribles, that this would not do. It does not. It simply says you can’t stroke your pet projects with money from ‘‘mandatory donations,’’ either side, Republican or Democrat. So tell me again, Mr. Speaker, why shouldn’t this bill go forward? We will have time to debate the rest. Well, why shouldn’t this bill go forward? Because it hits at the very frustration of the American people right now because what they see is not what they learned in those classrooms years ago. What they see is an executive branch that 
does whatever it wants to do, sometimes under both parties. They see a Congress that doesn’t stand up for itself. As far as I am concerned, this Member will stand up for this institution and for the role that the Founders laid out for us. So H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act, does what it says it will do, and I am proud to cosponsor this bill. There are many things we get a chance to vote for. We can complain or we can vote. My recommendation is vote to move this forward. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this rule. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. Instead of saying it ain’t going anywhere, then grab a hold of the shovel and say let’s try and make something work in this country. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bishop (UT) Boustany Brown (FL) Calvert Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Duckworth Gohmert Graves (LA) Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted Lipinski McKinley Nugent Palazzo Price (NC) Reichert Ross Rush Russell Sanchez, Loretta Sinema Valadao 
b1346 Mr. MOULTON, Mrs. DINGELL, and Mr. ELLISON changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 481, I was detained discussing flood recovery efforts in Louisiana. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 481 I missed the vote because my meeting with constituents about very important transportation, agriculture, air quality, and grant issues went longer than scheduled. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote No. 481 on the previous question, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ b1345 (By unanimous consent, Mr. GRAVES  of Louisiana was allowed to speak out of order.) 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, for the last 2 weeks, many across our Nation have been preparing the children for school. They have been preparing to end their summer vacation. In our home State of Louisiana, nearly 500,000 of our citizens have been affected by a 1,000year flood event, causing extraordinary ruin for our families and businesses, everything inundated. Everything that people own—family heirlooms, photo albums, hard disk drives, and generations of work—has been destroyed. We lost 13 of our fellow citizens, at least, with more perhaps to be found. Today, hundreds of thousands across south Louisiana are sifting through what remains of their belongings, facing imminent and extraordinary financial decisions and lifealtering decisions. We stand here in this Chamber today, as their representatives, and ask you to join us in a moment of silence and to keep them in our prayers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members will stand for a moment of silence. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 231, noes 178, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—178 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz 
Barletta Boustany Brown (FL) Bucshon Calvert Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Duckworth Hurt (VA) Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted McKinley Nugent Palazzo Price (NC) Reichert Rooney (FL) Ross Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema Waters, Maxine 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 482, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for rollcall Vote No. 482 On Agreeing to the Resolution Providing for consideration of H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 131) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 131 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR D.C. SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN. 
On September 30, 2016, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate may jointly designate, the 31st annual District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’) may be run through the Capitol Grounds to carry the Special Olympics torch to honor local Special Olympics athletes. 
The Architect of the Capitol may prescribe conditions for physical preparations for the event. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 5063. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 843 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5063. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1400 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, with Mr. STEWART in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Two years ago, the House Judiciary Committee commenced a pattern or practice investigation into the Justice Department’s mortgage lending settlements. We found that the Department of Justice is systematically subverting Congress’ spending power by requiring settling parties to donate money to activist groups. In just the last 2 years, the Department of Justice has directed nearly $1 billion to third parties entirely outside of Congress’ spending and oversight authorities. Of that, over half a billion has already been disbursed or is committed to being disbursed. In some cases, these mandatory donation provisions reinstate funding Congress specifically cut. The spending power is one of Congress’ most effective tools in reining in the executive branch. This is true no matter which party is in the White House. A Democratled Congress passed the CooperChurch amendment to end the Vietnam War. More recently, bipartisan funding restrictions blocked lavish salary and conference spending by Federal agencies and grantees. This policy control is lost if the executive gains authority over spending. Serious people on both sides of the aisle understand this. A former Deputy Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel in the Clinton administration warned in 2009 that the Department of Justice has ‘‘the ability to use settlements to circumvent the appropriations authority of Congress.’’ In 2008, a top Republican Department of Justice official restricted mandatory donation provisions because they ‘‘can create actual or perceived conflicts of interest and/or other ethical issues.’’ Any objections to this bill would be unfounded. Whether the beneficiaries of these donations are worthy entities is entirely beside the point. The Constitution grants Congress the power to decide how money is spent, not the Department of Justice. This is not some esoteric point. It goes to the heart of the Constitution’s separation of powers and Congress’ ability to rein in executive overreach in practice. Nor does the bill restrict prosecutorial discretion. That discretion pertains to the decision to prosecute. Setting penalties and remedial policy is the proper purview of Congress. Opponents’ central concern is that there may be cases of generalized harm to communities that cannot be addressed by restitution, but this misses the fundamental point. The Department of Justice has authority to obtain redress for victims. Federal law defines victims to be those ‘‘directly and proximately harmed’’ by a defendant’s acts. Once those victims have been compensated, deciding what to do with additional funds extracted from defendants becomes a policy question properly decided by elected Representatives in Congress, not agency bureaucrats or prosecutors. It is not that DOJ officials will always be funding bad projects. It is that, outside of compensating actual victims, it is not their decision to make. Rather than suspend the practice of mandatory donations in response to these bipartisan concerns, the Department of Justice has doubled down. In April 2016, a major DOJ bank settlement required $240 million in financing and/or donations toward affordable housing. 
DOJ’s June 2016 settlement with Volkswagen requires a $2 billion payment to fund the administration’s green energy agenda. This payment cannot be justified as remedial because the settlement states explicitly that a separate $2.7 billion payment is intended to fully mitigate the harm caused. It is time for Congress to end this abuse. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016 bars mandatory donation terms in DOJ settlements. It is a bipartisan bill. It makes clear that payments to provide restitution for actual harm directly caused, including harm to the environment, are permitted. Do not be fooled by opponents’ scare tactics. They claim that the legislation could prohibit conduct remedies used in settlements covering workplace discrimination, harassment, and consumer privacy. The bill does not preclude such remedies. Nothing bars DOJ from requiring a defendant to implement workplace training and monitoring programs. The ban on thirdparty payments merely ensures that the defendant remains responsible for performing these remedies itself, and is not required to outsource such set sums for the work to third parties who might be friendly with a given administration. This bill addresses an institutional issue. That is one reason similar language passed the House last year by voice vote. I thank all of the bill’s cosponsors, and I urge the bill’s passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016, H.R. 5063, would remove an important civil enforcement tool available to agencies to hold corporations accountable for the general harm caused by unlawful conduct. H.R. 5063 would have potentially disastrous, unintended consequences on the remediation of generalized harms in civil enforcement actions like the one that the chairman just noted at the very beginning of his speech. He talked about mortgage lending settlements that the Department of Justice had obtained after filing suit in court against Wall Street bankers who took billions of dollars in equity, home equity, from Americans throughout the country by way of predatory lending instruments, which blew up in their faces; caused the Wall Street meltdown. Wall Street got bailed out. The American people who had these mortgages that then were underwater lost their homes, so the Department of Justice sued, and this is what this legislation seeks to get at. My friends on the other side of the aisle don’t want the common people of this country to have the protection of government. They want a government that is hands off; let the private sector, let the free market work its will. No rules. Whatever will be will be. The bottom line is the rich get richer and the poor get poorer; and this legislation would work to enforce that economic philosophy that is held so dear by my friends on the other side of the aisle. So these mortgage lending settlements, the DOJ sued the big banks. The big banks came to the table and decided to settle. As a result of the settlement, there were directives that were agreed to by the Wall Street banks, that they would give money to certified HUD counseling agencies. Those agencies have done a good job of helping people who have not lost their homes continue to stay in their homes, to get their mortgages refinanced, to get their situation in order, to give them the ability to hold on to their homes after they had lost their jobs and were unable to pay the mortgage for a number of months. These housing counseling agencies were able to be effective at keeping people in their homes, but my friends on the other side of the aisle, they don’t want to have any part of that because it is costing their friends on Wall Street money. This same settlement that the chairman excoriated in his presentation just a minute ago, it gave money to State based legal aid firms that were about helping people to avoid foreclosure, helping the very people that these banks stole from and hurt. So this is what they want to stop, and they cloak it in the—they say that Congress should be the one to appropriate money, and that is true. There is nothing about Article I, the legislative branch, Congress, that is a part of the lawsuit that the Justice Department, an Article II body, would file in a Federal court, an Article III court, that results in a settlement. There is no legislative implication in that whatsoever. There is no appropriations from the legislature. What it is is a courtenforced transfer of the very wealth that was stolen from the people, back to the people, by way of these agencies, which my colleague refers to as activist, thirdparty entities. Well, these are thirdparty entities that are acting on behalf of the very people who have been harmed. What this legislation seeks to do is to take away the ability of the Justice Department to obtain a settlement to help people who have been harmed, and then would force the money to come into the hands of the legislative branch so that the legislative branch could then appropriate it. And we know that this legislative branch controlled by the other side of the aisle is not interested in helping people who lost their homes due to Wall Street fraud. So that is what this legislation is all about, and it comes at a time when we have people who are afflicted with the Zika virus. We can’t even pass legislation in this Chamber that would get at that public health emergency, which is right here on our doorstep where it is in the House now. This is an emergency. We have almost 2,000 babies born having been afflicted with the Zika virus. It’s going to take $10 million for the remainder of their lives, average, to take care of them. That is $2 billion right there. The President has come to us, months ago, requesting $1.9 billion— less than the $2 billion—to fund operations to get at this Zika virus, to prevent it from taking hold, and we can’t even pass it in this Congress because we are too busy passing bills to help Wall Street. That is not what the American people want. That is not what the American people need. I ask my colleagues to vote against this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 30 seconds to respond to the gentleman from Georgia and say that no one gets off the hook; not Wall Street, not anybody in this legislation. All we are saying is that if money goes, as a fine, it should either be paid into the general Treasury, as required by the law, or to actual victims of the wrongdoing by the parties. And if it is paid into the general Treasury, the Constitution requires that it be paid, that it be appropriated by this Congress, not by bureaucrats and prosecutors at the Department of Justice. At this time, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ), the chairman of the Financial Services Committee and a great leader on this issue. b1415 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, our Constitution is under assault, so I rise today in support of H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act. A nearly 2yearlong investigation jointly conducted by the Financial Services Committee, which I have the privilege of chairing, and the Judiciary Committee, chaired by Mr. GOODLATTE , the sponsor of this legislation, has shockingly revealed that the socalled Justice Department is not only pushing, but even requiring some defendants in settlements to send the fines not to victims, not to the U.S. Treasury, but, instead, to political allies of the Obama administration. As one commentator wrote: ‘‘Imagine if the President of the United States forced America’s biggest banks to funnel hundreds of millions—and potentially billions—of dollars to the corporations and lobbyists who supported his agenda.’’ Mr. Chairman, there is nothing to imagine. It is real. It is happening. Mr. Chairman, our committees’ investigation uncovered that the Obama Justice Department has done exactly this. They have used mandatory—mandatory—donations to direct as much as $880 million to political organizations that just so happen to be allies of the Obama administration. Now, I might expect to see such a corrupt practice in a place like Russia, 
but in the United States of America? How can this possibly be legal? These payments occur entirely outside of the transparent and accountable congressional appropriations and oversight process—a clear violation of Congress’ Article I power of the purse, according to Article I, section 9 of our Constitution. By allowing for direct payments to nonvictim, thirdparty political organizations, the Justice Department is trampling upon the Constitution, threatening due process, threatening separation of powers, and threatening checks and balances. Mr. Chairman, there is simply no justice to be found in the Obama Justice Department. I also note the sheer hypocrisy of what the Obama administration is doing while selfrighteously claiming to be ‘‘tough on the big banks’’ and all for ‘‘protecting consumers,’’ the Obama Justice Department’s special deals for big banks actually give the big banks double credit or more toward their penalties for each ‘‘donation’’ made to political allies. This means these big banks could erase, potentially, hundreds of millions of dollars in Federal penalties this way, not to mention avoid giving the money to actual victims. Using cash to reward your political allies instead of helping victims who have been genuinely wronged is the epitome of what is unfair and wrong about this administration. Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members—all Members—to protect the Constitution and to vote for H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, the last speaker spoke about how the banks, Wall Street banks, are able to get a break from the executive branch when they pay out these settlements, but those are matters of legislative action that has been passed by this Congress which coddles the banks and puts them in a position where they just simply can’t lose. When it comes to these fines, as they call it, these are not fines. These are settlement amounts that are going to help the victims. They are not going to play politics anywhere. These are funds that are directed to entities which help the victims of the Wall Street excesses. So I want to make that clear. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the socalled Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act. The Republican majority likes to put creative names on their legislation, but what they call slush funds are really voluntary settlements between the government and corporate wrongdoers. These settlements sometimes include payments to third parties to address the generalized harms caused by corporate bad actors. But this bill would prohibit any payments to a third party unless the funds would be used to help only the people directly harmed by the defendants, not those who may have been harmed on a broader level by their actions. This is unnecessarily narrow and restrictive when trying to address the harm inflicted by corporate wrongdoers. Furthermore, the bill would restrict the flexibility of the government to resolve claims and make it harder to assist broad categories of people who are hurt by corporate malfeasance. For example, in the wake of the mortgage foreclosure crisis, the Department of Justice sued several big banks responsible for egregious misconduct that threw millions of people out of their homes and put millions more in peril, while the banks reaped massive profits. The banks agreed to resolve their claims by paying recordsetting fines to the government in recognition of the tremendous damage they had caused. Under wellestablished legal authority, some of these settlements also included payments to certain community organizations responsible for assisting homeowners and the communities devastated by the foreclosure crisis caused by the banks. These payments have had a dramatic effect. In New York State, thanks to the consumer relief funds from these settlements, more than 60,000 people have received housing counseling and legal services free of charge over the last 4 years. Almost onethird of these homeowners have consequently received a mortgage modification or have one pending. Other funds have gone to support community development institutions like land banks, which are nonprofit organizations formed by local and county governments. These land banks help cities address vacant and abandoned properties known as zombie homes, zombie homes that were created by the foreclosure crisis caused by the malfeasance of the big banks. Land banks acquire these properties, secure them, and rehabilitate them for resale as affordable housing, thereby increasing the tax rolls, reducing crime, and preserving property values for neighboring homeowners and undoing some of the damage done by the malfeasance of the banks. In just the last 3 years, land banks in New York have acquired more than 1,300 vacant and abandoned properties. Mr. Chairman, homeowners and cities are still struggling with the aftermath of the foreclosure crisis, and the thirdparty donations included in legal settlements have proven vital in helping those directly affected and those secondarily harmed by the banks’ actions. These payments were mutually agreedupon terms in a legal settlement, but Republicans call them slush funds. They went to nationally recognized community organizations or locally important community organizations doing important work to help homeowners in crisis, in crisis because of the actions by the malefactor banks. The majority sneers and calls these organizations activist groups. The majority was so outraged by these payments that they launched a burdensome investigation that yielded not a single shred of evidence of any wrongdoing by anyone. I don’t know what the majority calls that, but I call it a waste of time. Mr. Chairman, this legislation is a waste of time, too, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute to respond to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON), who would not yield but who continues to claim that this legislation helps these major financial institutions while he defends the Justice Department, which enters into agreements with these financial institutions that owe hundreds of millions of dollars—in many instances, billions of dollars—to the Treasury in fines as a result of these settlements, but say if you give money to our preferred thirdparty group that wasn’t even injured as a part of this process, if you give the money to them instead of to the government, instead of to the taxpayers, instead of to the general Treasury, we will give you $2 off for every $1 you give them, $2 off the fine for every $1 you give them, $2 million off the fine for every $1 million you give them. It adds up pretty quickly, but the taxpayers are the ones taking a bath here. Guess who benefits. Those big banks that he says we are protecting? No. The Justice Department is protecting them, and this is why we need this legislation. It is the Congress that appropriates funds, not the bureaucrats and prosecutors in the Department of Justice. Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), the chairman of the Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for the time and his leadership throughout the committee’s investigation and as we have moved this important piece of legislation to the floor. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act focuses on accountability and governance. As we have heard here, this bill is the product of a nearly 2year long House Judiciary Committee investigation into the Department of Justice’s settlement practices. During that time, the Department of Justice has funneled nearly $1 billion of this settlement money to thirdparty groups that benefit this administration. But under Federal law—under Federal law—all money obtained through Department of Justice settlements must be deposited directly to the Treasury. Our concerns are not with the services provided by the groups receiving the money. They provide worthy services to individuals in need across the country. Nor are our concerns along party lines. Good governance and accountability apply to Republican and Democratic administrations alike. 
This piece of legislation focuses on concerted and repeated actions that have subverted the will of Congress, disrespected our separation of powers, and failed to assist the individuals directly harmed by the behavior warranting the settlements. The Judiciary Committee’s investigation has revealed that entities with access to highranking Department of Justice officials received the funds. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act will end this practice without limiting the Department of Justice’s ability to reach settlements that directly provide restitution to those harmed. It does not block the ability to provide restitution for victims. Instead, it ensures that money belonging to the U.S. Treasury and, therefore, to the American people is not siphoned off for the pet projects of political appointees. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support good governance, accountability, and the powers granted to Congress and vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I just can’t believe what I heard the gentleman from Virginia say about the big banks being coddled by the Justice Department, being given a break. So he is complaining that the big banks are being given a break, but then the purpose of this legislation is to take the big banks off of the hook. It is ironic. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished ranking member of the subcommittee. I acknowledge the chairman of the full committee and, as well, the ranking member of the full committee. I am going to announce some breaking news. The Judiciary Committee gets along. We do a lot of good work together. I am looking forward to moving legislation dealing with a number of good policy suggestions and legislative initiatives involving the criminal justice system. I hope we can continue to work together. But I would raise concern as to this legislation, and I raise it in the context of all that this Congress has to do. I would also raise it in the context that the administration has indicated on this bill, H.R. 5063, the misnamed Stop Settlement Slush Funds—totally misnamed—a veto threat. We don’t know whether anyone in the United States Senate, the other body, has any interest in this legislation at all. So in the meantime, there are any number of issues that should be addressed. My State of Texas is suffering under the threat of the Zika virus. The State of Florida is already in the eye of the storm, Puerto Rico, all of the Gulf States, maybe as far reaching as New York. That work needs to be done. The children of Flint are still asking us to respond to their concerns. The people of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, are still asking us to respond to the devastation that they are facing. Yet we deal with legislation that has totally misconstrued what has been done by the Department of Justice. It is important to note that it is not unconstitutional. There is no breach of the Constitution by way of what is going on here. First of all, it is not billions of dollars. It is minute in the course of helping individuals—$50 million—less than 1.1 percent of a total settlement of $23.5 billion. We know that the Congressional Research Service must be nonpartisan. All of us use the Congressional Research Service. I would venture to say that it is one of the most nonpartisan, independent entities that we have. He has indicated twice that the settlements are lawful. I said, Mr. Chairman, lawful. That is my concern with this misnamed legislation. This legislation hurts the vulnerable and victims. b1430 This legislation is not dealing with the crux of the issue. These are settlements engaging in agencies. These are not appropriated dollars. These are judgments within the context of the court. What is happening is that, out of the settlement, the agency is attempting to help people to help victims. Let me give you an example as it relates to HUD counseling. Just a few days ago, we saw mention of the ongoing concerns involving foreclosures. Many people may think that that is a thing of the past, but it is not. It is clearly something that is important to many people. Working with HUD counseling organizations, they are providing resources to help individuals get out of the pit of a foreclosure. It is well known that if individuals get counseling, they are nearly three times more likely to obtain a moneysaving mortgage modification. If an individual family all over this Nation was to get that, they would be more likely to receive a payment reduction of approximately $61 a month greater, on average, than noncounseled homeowners. They would be nearly twice as likely to get their mortgage back on track without a modification. Maybe, Mr. Chairman, a family of four, six, eight, or nine might not get kicked out of their house because of HUD counseling resources that have been given through a settlement, not forced through a settlement, not oppressed and overbearing, but through a settlement, through a legal justified settlement. What would our friends want us to do? To ignore these people. Counseling would bring about, if necessary, an ability to complete short sales faster than homeowners who don’t work with housing counselors and about 60 percent less likely to re default after curing a serious delinquency. That is the kind of agency that is being called some kind of slush fund. This is totally skewed into the needs of our citizens, and it is opposed by individuals who work with our citizens— clean water action, individuals who work dealing with consumers, the National Council of La Raza, employment lawyers, the National Fair Housing Alliance, and the National Urban League. These are organizations that can document that they help people in their worst needs. Who is helping to assist in the Baton Rouge floods after FEMA? It will probably be a lot of nonprofits dealing with housing counseling. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. SIMPSON ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. So what I argue today is that we are within the confines of the law. It is a minute portion. It is not the billions of dollars that have been represented. It is certainly not a slush fund. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD an article from the Houston Chronicle, dated Sunday, September 4, 2016. It involves shooting victims. These are the survivors of the Aurora, Colorado, shooting. And guess what. The theater prevailed. They didn’t have to pay a dime. They didn’t have to have any check as to whether or not their doors could have been more secure. They could have had security, but it said the shooting survivors owe $700,000 to the theater. Do you want to hear who one of the victims was? Let me just share with you a victim who just couldn’t bring herself to accept. I feel sorry. Her suffering had been profound. Her child was killed in the shooting. She was left paralyzed, and the baby she was carrying had been lost. Do you know what she got? Zero, zero, zero. I just wish the Justice Department could have shared a resource with her or a group or the class action lawsuit that was thrown out of court causing them to have to pay $700,000 to the theater. This bill does not deal with those in need. Vote against this bill. 
(The following article appeared on September 4, 2016 in the Houston Chronicle:) [From the Los Angeles Times] SHOOTING SURVIVORS OWE$700K TOTHEATER  (By Nigel Duara) DENVER .—They had survived brain damage, paralysis and the deaths of their children. For four years, they met in secret as a group. Now, they were finally prepared to settle with the Aurora, Colo., movie theater that became the site of one of the deadliest massacres in U.S. history. On a conference call, the federal judge overseeing the case told the plaintiffs’ attorneys that he was prepared to rule in the theater chain’s favor. He urged the plaintiffs to settle with Cinemark, owner of the Century Aurora 16 multiplex where the July 20, 2012, shooting occurred. They had 24 hours. But before that deadline, the settlement would collapse and 15 survivors of the massacre would be ordered to pay the theater chain more than $700,000. The settlement conference, corroborated by the Los Angeles Times with four parties 
present at the conference, was hastily convened after a separate set of survivors suffered defeat in state court, where a jury decided that Cinemark could not have foreseen the events of that night in 2012, when James Holmes killed 12 people and injured 70 others in a 10minute rampage at a screening of ‘‘The Dark Knight Rises.’’ In the federal case, survivors agreed to split $150,000 among 41 plaintiffs. The deal came with an implied threat: If the survivors rejected the deal, moved forward with their case and lost, under Colorado law, they would be responsible for the astronomical court fees accumulated by Cinemark. Then one plaintiff rejected the deal. Her suffering had been profound: Her child was killed in the shooting, she was left paralyzed and the baby she was carrying had been lost. None of the plaintiffs would receive a dime. Although a source close to the theater chain said that there is no intention to actually seek recovery of the court costs, the theater chain has not issued any statement about its intentions. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume to respond to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), who is a valued member of the Judiciary Committee, and we do work on bipartisan issues. I will say that this issue is bipartisan as well, and she should take note of the fact that it is also bicameral. The United States Senate is, indeed, interested in this issue. The bill that we are considering in the House has also been introduced in the Senate by Senator LANKFORD from Oklahoma. Also very, very importantly, it is important to understand that when the Congress appropriates funds, it is the duty of the executive branch to carry out the appropriations made by the Congress, not to go out and change those decisions. The gentlewoman talks about housing counseling. Well, the Congress appropriates funds for housing counseling, has and will continue to do so, I am sure. When we cut back on some of those funds—it is still a lot of funds. When we cut back on some, I guess there were some people, some bureaucrats in the Justice Department who felt that that was not the right thing to do. Or maybe it was the organizations that receive these funds that couldn’t get them from the Congress, so instead they went over to the Justice Department and said: Well, when you get settlements from these big banks, make sure that you give some of those funds to us. Well, that actually subverts the direct intent of the Congress in terms of how much money to spend. The funds are owed to the Treasury of the United States and to the people who are directly the victims of wrongdoing. They should definitely be compensated. If they are compensated as a part of a settlement that any Justice Department prosecutor enters into, they should benefit from that. People who are not victims need to go through the appropriations process, come to the Congress for funding. If the Congress doesn’t give them the funding they want, they shouldn’t have other places to go in the Federal Government to get that money by simply going around the Congress and going to the Justice Department, having them take money that is supposed to go into the Treasury and then be appropriated by the Congress, and say: No, no, we will beef you back up in terms of the amount of money for housing counseling and put that money, instead, to you directly here without it going through the appropriations process in the people’s House. That is what we are trying to fix here. It is a very, very important thing that we fix and a very important principle that we protect in our Constitution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Even though the Senate may take up this illfated measure, the President has promised to veto it. So what we are doing here today is another messaging bill that distracts the American people perhaps from the more important issues of the day, such as the spreading of this public health crisis, the Zika virus, which is afflicting almost 17,000 Americans infected by mosquitos carrying the Zika virus—17,000 people—200 babies born, 1,600 infected women. This is a crisis that is going to cost the American people from a public health perspective. It is going to cost the lives of the unborn whose mothers are afflicted with this virus, giving birth to them, and they have the virus and suffer from microcephaly, a shrunken head and brain which renders them severely developmentally impacted as they make it through life and add a severe burden to the taxpayers. Instead of dealing with this issue, we took a 7week vacation and refused to come back to work to deal with the Zika virus. At the same time as we have got the Zika virus, a public health issue afflicting the Nation, we are also seeing more and more and more people dying from opioid abuse in this country. This Congress has been insufficient in dealing with this, applying the resources to deal with that issue. We have got the issue of Flint, Michigan, where lead was found in the water. This Congress has done absolutely nothing to address the financial implications of that and what we can do to help remediate it and to keep it from happening. Now we get East Chicago, Indiana, with people living atop a lead dump, basically, thousands of people impacted, and this Congress will do nothing. That is not to mention anything about the other public health problem that afflicts the Nation, and that is the ongoing gun violence issue, which this Congress will do nothing about other than to hold a hearing on this coming Friday to censure those of us who had the gall to sit in the well of this House Chamber to demand that this body take some action. What did the body do back then? It adjourned for 7 weeks. This is a spectacle that the American people are looking at. You can’t help but to see it. You can’t help but to understand it. The American people are being adversely impacted by the policies of my friends on the other side of the aisle. They have caught a bad case of the Trump syndrome, the Trump syndrome which causes people to forget about the truth, forget about reality, start seeing things the way that they want to see them, and they don’t care what impact it has on the American people. All they want to do is be able to retain their positions, although they say that they hate government, they want to be here so that they can shrink government, make it smaller, leave everything to the private sector, and leave the American people fending for themselves. We have had that happening for much too long. That is what the American people are so angry about on both sides of the aisle. That is why the mainstream portion of the other side of the aisle has completely lost control of their apparatus. We have the Trump syndrome that has taken hold, and this body is sick because it is being led by folks who have fallen victim to the Trump syndrome. Enough is enough. The American people are sick and tired of it. With respect to Congress appropriating funds, this Congress still has to pass a budget. But you are talking about dealing with what is called a slush fund, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016. They say that Congress should be the one to allocate resources; it shouldn’t come out of a settlement. Well, the fact is that there are no public dollars coming to fruition in a settlement between a big bank and the Justice Department. Those are all privately held funds that are being disgorged from the wrongdoer and placed back in the service of the very people that were harmed by the wrongdoing of the big banks. There is no legislative appropriation there because there is no public money. It is private money, but it is being redirected to those from whom it was wrongfully taken. That is what makes this legislation so hurtful to the process. I would ask my colleagues to, again, be in opposition to it. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), my chairman—or my ranking member. I say ‘‘chairman’’ in a very hopeful way. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Georgia is much appreciated in the clarity of his analysis and his commitment for us to use, if we can, the right terminology when we are approaching these subjects, because this bill would prohibit the enforcement or negotiation of any settlement agreement requiring donations to remediate harms that are not directly and proximately caused by a party’s unlawful conduct. 
My opposition to this measure, to begin with, is that the bill will prohibit the use of various types of settlement agreements that have been successfully used to remedy various harms caused by reckless corporate actors. For example, these settlement agreements have been utilized to facilitate an effective response to predatory and fraudulent mortgage lending activities that nearly caused the economic collapse of our Nation. b1445 In fact, settlement agreements with two of these culpable financial institutions—Bank of America and Citigroup—required a donation of less than 1 percent of the overall settlement amount to help affected consumers. H.R. 5063 is a dangerous measure that would undermine the ability of civil enforcement agencies to hold wrongdoers accountable and to provide complete relief to victims. A broad coalition of public interest organizations, including the Americans for Financial Reform, Public Citizen, the National Fair Housing Alliance, and the National Urban League, notes that this bill is a gift to lawbreakers that comes at the expense of families and communities that are impacted by injuries that cannot be addressed by direct restitution. The National Council of La Raza, which is the largest national Hispanic civil rights and advocacy organization in our country, similarly notes that H.R. 5063 is a far reaching and misguided solution to a nonexistent problem. I urge my colleagues to look at this bill clearly and to oppose this flawed legislation. I thank the leader of this measure on the floor today, the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I say to my friend, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), of course, the National Council of La Raza would not like this legislation because the National Council of La Raza is the largest beneficiary of what the Justice Department is doing. They are getting the money. They are one of the largest recipients. So I am not at all surprised to hear that they wouldn’t like us to stop this cozy relationship in which they go to the Justice Department and say, ‘‘Hey, we need more money,’’ and the Justice Department says, ‘‘Okay. In the next settlement we do, we will send some of that money over to you.’’ This is an abuse. It is clearly a slush fund, and it needs to be stopped. I prefer to focus on institutional concerns with mandatory donations rather than on the nature of the recipients. However, there is no ignoring the troubling May 19, 2016, testimony to the Financial Services Committee that the donation beneficiaries were ‘‘Democrat special interests.’’ These include the Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America, whose director calls himself a ‘‘bank terrorist.’’ Documents show that the groups that benefited from mandatory donation provisions actively lobbied the DOJ to include them. The bill’s opponents have proffered a series of specious arguments. The principal ones I refuted earlier. The others I will address now. We are told that required donations represent just a fraction of the overall settlement amounts. That is true, but irrelevant. In absolute terms, there is a tremendous amount of money—nearly $1 billion—flowing to activist groups at the unilateral discretion of the executive just in these financial service industry settlements and another $2 billion more for the Volkswagon settlement. In any event, the $1 billion is over twice the annual Congressional appropriation for the Legal Services Corporation and is a huge windfall to the recipient organizations. An analysis of 80 beneficiaries of the Bank of America settlement revealed that, on average, the DOJ required donations accounted for more than 10 percent of their 2015 budgets. Such largesse should not be conferred unilaterally. Critics contend that there is insufficient evidence that the DOJ structured the settlements to direct funds to activist groups. This is disingenuous. The opposition knows that the DOJ refuses to let the committee make the most troubling documents it found public. Opponents also argued that mandatory donations are plainly lawful; but the House Financial Services Committee heard from three experts that mandatory donations are an unconstitutional subversion of Congress’ spending power. That view is echoed by former President Clinton’s own head of the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel. Yet, even if these payments were not unlawful, they are definitely bad policy, which is precisely why legislation should prohibit them. Another unfounded objection is that it is unrealistic for Congress to legislate redress every time a violation occurs that causes generalized harm. In the banking settlements, the housing groups that received donations were in categories that were already specifically receiving grants from Congress. This shows that the infrastructure to direct funding to community projects is already in place. The Department of Justice could also recommend to Congress, for example, as part of the President’s budget, projects to fund that address generalized harm. Finally, as the renowned liberal legal scholar and former D.C. circuit judge, Abner Mikva, has explained, on this point, efficiency is outweighed by the principles of representative government. The Founders knew the spending power was ‘‘the most farreaching and effectual,’’ and they wanted to ‘‘ensure Congress would act as the first branch of government.’’ Accordingly, they understood Congress ‘‘would less efficiently and less coherently devise fiscal policy than would a single ‘treasurer’ or ‘fiscal czar.’ Yet they chose, for good reason, to suffer this cost and bear its risks.’’ This bipartisan legislation is a critical opportunity to marry oversight with action and to effectuate the Founders’ vision of Congress’ spending power as key to reining in the executive branch. This is a commonsense bill, the objections to which are unfounded; so I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, today, I will vote against H.R. 5063, a bill that would prohibit the federal government from entering into settlement agreements that include payments directed to appropriate third parties. This bill, if enacted, would defang federal civil enforcement agencies as they seek to address and provide restitution for illegal actions that threaten a community’s health and safety and the environment, and to prevent the recurrence of those illegal actions. The harms caused by, for instance, violations of environmental laws, predatory lending by financial institutions, and workplace exposure to toxic chemicals, harm individuals and our communities. These harms can be difficult to adequately compensate. Settlements that only require payments to those directly harmed by the wrongdoing addressed in the enforcement action fails to adequately capture the full cost of unlawful conduct. For decades, the United States government has entered into settlement agreements with defendants to pay for the direct harms they have caused. In many instances, these settlements also include payments to organizations that advance programs assisting with the recovery of a community harmed by the wrongdoing addressed in the enforcement action. The ability of the federal government to direct payments from these settlements to third parties is often the best way to hold wrongdoers accountable for the indirect harm done to the public at large. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute, recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 5063 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–724. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–724. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 843, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would exempt from the legislation settlement agreements that provide payments to third parties as general relief for violations of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Title VII prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, sex, religion, or national origin. Plaintiffs in employment discrimination cases typically seek payment and other relief for economic losses that result from unlawful employer conduct. These cases often involve multiple victims who are subjected to the same widespread discriminatory employment practice or policy that violate the Civil Rights Act. They also tend to affect the interests of persons who are not parties to the civil action or who are otherwise unlikely to receive compensation for unlawful conduct. Given the often systemic nature of discriminatory conduct, settlement agreements should be able to provide relief for nonidentifiable victims through such means as requiring payments to address generalized harm or to prevent future discriminatory acts. Examples include workplace monitoring and training programs. Nevertheless, H.R. 5063 would prohibit these types of payment remedies unless they provide restitution for actual harm directly and proximately caused by the party making the payment. At last month’s hearing on the bill, Professor David Uhlmann of the University of Michigan Law School testified that this requirement would potentially preclude all thirdparty payments and settlement agreements other than restitution to identifiable victims. The majority’s own witness, our former colleague, Daniel Lungren, who previously served as California State Attorney General, concurred. He observed that the bill prohibits the United States Government from entering into a settlement agreement that requires a defendant to donate to an organization or individual who is not a party to the litigation. I am concerned that the bill’s broad and illdefined prohibition would effectively deter civil enforcement agencies from providing general relief in discrimination cases, would discourage courts from enforcing these settlements, and would invite costly and needless litigation concerning these provisions. Accordingly, my amendment would accept payments to remediate generalized harms in settlement agreements in this important category of civil rights cases. I am indebted to and thank my colleagues: the gentleman from Georgia, who is leading this opposition to the measure—the ranking member of the Committee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law—as well as the gentleman from New York, Congressman M EEKS , for cosponsoring this amendment. I urge its support. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the amendment would exempt certain discrimination settlements from the bill’s ban on thirdparty payments, but nothing in the underlying bill prevents a victim of discrimination from obtaining relief. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016 explicitly permits remedial payments to thirdparty victims who were wrongly and proximately harmed by the defendant’s wrongdoing; nor does the bill preclude wider conduct remedies used in discrimination cases. Nothing in the bill bars the Department of Justice, for example, from requiring a defendant to implement workplace training and monitoring programs. The ban on thirdparty payments merely ensures that the defendant remains responsible for performing these tasks itself and is not forced to outsource set sums for the work to third parties that might be friendly with a given administration. I also say to the gentleman from Michigan that former Congressman Dan Lungren of California, a distinguished former colleague of ours on the House Judiciary Committee, was instrumental in helping us move this legislation forward and is a supporter of the legislation, notwithstanding the comments of the gentleman’s that might confuse people as to what his position was. He strongly supports this legislation. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b1500 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–724. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 843, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would exempt settlement agreements that strengthen the personal privacy of Americans from the 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–724. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 843, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to, again, reiterate that words do matter. The naming of this bill, unfortunately, skews and distorts a legitimate right that agencies in litigation have. In particular, I want to take note of the fact, again—I think it is always important to set the record straight—that the settlement donations have been 1.1 percent of $23.5 billion, that a governmentindependent entity has indicated 
that these settlements are lawful. The sledgehammer effect that has been taken in order to ensure that we stop victims, innocent persons from getting some relief is unbelievable. So the Jackson Lee amendment No. 3 would address the problematic concern with H.R. 5063, which would only exempt payments to third parties to provide restitution for actual harm directly and proximately caused by the party making the payment. The Jackson Lee amendment No. 3 would carve out an additional exemption to enable States to act as third party actors with the ability to remedy generalized harm for mass injuries where the actual party responsible for directly or proximately causing the harm is there. For example, the Jackson Lee amendment No. 3 would allow for States, such as Texas and other Gulf Coast States, to address the environmental harms resulting in settlement agreements to impacted parties such as those harmed by a variety of man made disasters. I urge adoption of this particular amendment because, again, it would provide an opportunity for States to remediate generalized harm of unlawful conduct beyond harms to identifiable victims. I believe, in particular, the bill here that we have would ban the following entirely legitimate, appropriate uses of SEP funds that are currently permitted by EPA: pollution prevention projects that improve plant procedures and technologies and/or operation and maintenance practices that will prevent additional pollution at its source. I ask my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3 exempts from H.R. 5063 settlement agreements that pertain to providing restitution for a State. Mr. Chair, H.R. 5063, as currently drafted, is flawed and misguided. This bill seeks to exempt only those payments to parties other than the government to provide restitution for actual harm ‘‘directly and proximately caused by the party making the payment.’’ Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3 which seeks to address the additional case exception for those instances where funds are directed to states to remediate the generalized harm of unlawful conduct beyond harms to identifiable victims. One clear example of where such an exemption is needed is concerning the Deepwater Horizon Settlement agreements directing payments to states as third parties for general remediation of harms. Under current law, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) may include Supplemental Environmental Projects (SEPs) in settlement agreements to offset the harms of unlawful conduct by requiring parties to undertake an environmentally beneficial project or activity that is not required by law, but that a defendant agrees to undertake as part of the settlement of an enforcement action. In 2012, the EPA and Justice Department resolved the civil liability of MOEX Offshore through a settlement agreement resulting from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, that included funds to several Gulf states, including Texas, where Texas was not party to the complaint, but received $3.25 million for SEPs and other responsive actions. Professor Joel Mintz of Nova Southeastern University College of Law, a former chief attorney with the EPA, noted in his written statement on H.R. 5063, that the proposed bill would prohibit these agreements. That is, many of the important benefits now provided by EPA’s SEPs program would be excluded by H.R. 5063. The bill’s definition, according to Professor Mintz, excludes ‘‘any payment by a party to provide restitution for or otherwise remedy the actual harm (including to the environment), directly and proximately caused by the alleged conduct of the party that is the basis for the settlement agreement.’’ As such, this exception is too narrowly drawn to allow for numerous beneficial uses of SEP monies. Thus, for example, the bill would appear to ban the following entirely legitimate, appropriate uses of SEP funds that are currently permitted by EPA: Pollution prevention projects that improve plant procedures and technologies, and/or operation and maintenance practices, that will prevent additional pollution at its source; Environmental restoration projects including activities that protect local ecosystems from actual or potential harm resulting from the violation; Facility assessments and audits, including investigations of local environmental quality, environmental compliance audits, and investigations into opportunities to reduce the use, production and generation of toxic materials; Programs that promote environmental compliance by promoting training or technical support to other members of the regulated community; and Projects that provide technical assistance or equipment to a responsible state or local emergency response entity for purposes of emergency planning or preparedness. Each of these types of programs provide important protections of human health and the environment in communities that have been harmed by environmental violations. However, because they are unlikely to be construed as redressing ‘‘actual (environmental) harm, directly and proximately caused’’ by the alleged violator, the bill before this committee would prohibit every one of them. The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3 would eliminate this harmful prohibition by implementing a common sense exception for these very types of cases. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would exempt settlements providing restitution to a State, but that is unnecessary. Nothing in the underlying bill prevents States that have been wronged from obtaining restitution. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016 explicitly permits remedial payments to thirdparty victims who are directly and proximately harmed by the defendant’s wrongdoing, which would include States. If there is no State that is a true victim, the defendant is not let off the hook. It still must pay. But in the absence of direct victims, the money goes to the U.S. Treasury. That is appropriate because if the State is not a direct victim, accountable Representatives in Congress, not agency bureaucrats, should decide whether the State should receive money recovered by the Federal Government. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, quite the contrary to my dear friend, this bill is unclear. It is not clear. So victims are impacted positively by environmental restoration projects, including activities to protect local ecosystems, facility assessments and audits, including investigations of local environmental quality, programs that promote environmental compliance, projects that provide technical assistance or equipment. Each of these types of programs provide important protections of human health and the environment in communities that have been harmed by environmental violations and others. It is not clear whether or not these kinds of projects or programs that the State may be able to utilize are, in fact, able to be utilized in this legislation. That is why I offer amendment No. 3. Again, I will raise the terrible headline of victims having to pay $700,000. Let’s not make victims pay by this underlying bill, H.R. 5063. Let’s support the Jackson Lee amendment that takes into consideration the victims who need to be compensated and provide a pathway for restoration. I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment No. 3. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time to say, again, that direct victims, like the one that the gentlewoman has cited, in a terrible case are not in any way affected by this legislation because they can be compensated. It is the reappropriating of funds, if you will, to people who are not in any way harmed by the underlying lawsuit that is our complaint because those dollars should be coming to the U.S. Treasury to be appropriated by the people’s elected Representatives here in the House of Representatives. For that reason, I oppose this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–724. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have amendment No. 4 at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 843, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, again, as I have indicated, there are victims that are not in the purview or even in the eyesight of this legislation that will be harmed by this legislation. The Jackson Lee amendment No. 4 would address the problematic concern with H.R. 5063, which would only provide an exemption for payments to parties, other than the government, to provide restitution for actual harm directly and proximately caused by the party making the payment. The Jackson Lee amendment would provide an exemption for cases where funds are necessary to remedy generalized harm, other than for restitution, to specific or immediately identifiable victims. In particular, Jackson Lee amendment No. 4 would allow the Federal Government to engage with third parties that help carry out settlement agreements—again, settlement agreements—dollars that are under the purview of the settlement and that are minute in distribution, indicated 1.1 percent, in furtherance of resolution of the civil action or potential civil action in specific relation to sexual harassment, violence, or discrimination in the workplace. b1515 Jackson Lee amendment No. 4 would carve out this additional exception to protect such actions and the ability to provide the mediators or other third parties to intervene on behalf of civil action litigants. It is clear that we have had a number of civil rights violations in this country. We are not yet through with overcoming discrimination in many aspects of life, particularly in workplace discrimination. For instance, in the settlement of an EEOC sexual harassment case of female laundry workers, a consent decree resolving the case provides that in addition to paying $582,000, Suffolk Laundry will adopt new procedures to prevent sexual harassment and will train its managers and staff on identifying and preventing sexual harassment and retaliation. The policies and staff training will be available in Spanish. EEOC will monitor Suffolk Laundry’s compliance with these obligations and title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 for a period of 4 years. Because of this consent decree, these women will receive due compensation for the abuse they suffered; and there is confidence, with the consent decree in place and the conditions of that consent decree, that no more employees will be victimized in the future. In another example of an EEOC sex discrimination lawsuit—and so there will be those that will help implement this settlement—the Cintas Corporation settled to pay $1.5 million. The corporation entered into a further agreement: to hire an outside expert to reevaluate the criteria used to screen, interview, and select employees and the interview guides used in employee hiring; to provide training to the individuals involved in the selection of employees, whereby such training would cover record retention and an explanation of what constitutes an unlawful employment practice under title VII; to continue to provide diversity, harassment, and antidiscrimination training annually to employees; to post a notice informing employees that Federal law prohibits discrimination; and to report to EEOC over an approximate 28month period information and materials on training programs, recruiting logs, descriptions, and explanations for any changes. I would argue the point that this helps to promote the antidiscrimination necessary to correct the pathway that some have found their way in. The Jackson Lee amendment No. 4 would create an appropriate exemption to the absolute block and prohibition that the underlying legislation provides. Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 4 exempts from H.R. 5063 settlement agreements that resolves a civil action or potential civil action in relation to sexual harassment, violence, or discrimination in the workplace. Mr. Chair, H.R. 5063 as currently drafted is flawed and misguided. This bill seeks to exempt only those payments to parties other than the government to provide restitution for actual harm ‘‘directly and proximately caused by the party making the payment.’’ A few months ago we saw that the Justice Department filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against the state of North Carolina and other parties declaring North Carolina House Bill 2’s restroom restriction unlawfully discriminatory. Attorney General Loretta Lynch stated that this complaint was about ‘‘a great deal more than just bathrooms.’’ She explained: ‘‘This is about the dignity and respect we accord our fellow citizens and the laws that we, as a people and as a country, have enacted to protect them—indeed, to protect all of us. And it’s about the founding ideals that have led this country—haltingly but inexorably—in the direction of fairness, inclusion and equality for all Americans.’’ Enforcing these rights is as important today as they were during the enactment of the Civil Rights Act over fifty years ago. H.R. 5063 would prohibit remediation of generalized harm in civil rights cases, restricting relief for nonparties to the litigation and nonidentifiable victims of discrimination. Professor David Uhlmann observed during last month’s hearing on this bill ‘‘fails to adequately address the fact that generalized harm arises in civil cases,’’ including cases involving ‘‘harm to our communities . . . that cannot be addressed by restitution.’’ In these cases, Professor Uhlmann concluded, thirdparty payments are appropriate. Yet, the Majority witness, Daniel Lungren, specifically testified on behalf of the Chamber that the bill should prohibit ‘‘the U.S. government from entering into a settlement agreement requiring a defendant to donate to an organization or individual not a party to the litigation.’’ The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 4 would remedy this flaw by creating an exception to cases where settlement funds are directed to the remediation of generalized harm other than restitution to identifiable victims. For instance, in the settlement of an EEOC sexual harassment case of female laundry workers and a consent decree resolving the case provides that: In addition to paying $582,000, Suffolk Laundry will adopt new procedures to prevent sexual harassment and will train its managers and staff on identifying and preventing sexual harassment and retaliation. The policies and staff training will be available in Spanish. EEOC will monitor Suffolk Laundry’s compliance with these obligations and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 for a period of four years. Because of this consent decree, these women will receive due compensation for the abuse they suffered and, there is confidence, with the consent decree in place and the conditions of that consent decree, that no more employees will be victimized in the future. In another example of an EEOC sex discrimination lawsuit where Cintas Corporation settled to pay $1.5 million, the corporation entered into a further agreement: To hire an outside expert to revalidate the criteria used to I screen, interview and select employees and the interview guides used in employee hiring. To provide training to the individuals involved in the selection of employees, whereby such training would cover record retention and an explanation of what constitutes an unlawful employment practice under Title VII. To continue to provide diversity, harassment and antidiscrimination training annually to employees. To post a notice informing employees that federal law prohibits discrimination, and to report to EEOC over an approximate 28month period information and materials on training programs; recruiting logs; descriptions and explanations for any changes made to the employee hiring process; its expert revalidation findings; unprivileged materials and reports from any audits made of a facility’s employee hiring or recruitment methods or practices, should an audit be done; record retention and reporting on applicant data. 
According to EEOC General Counsel, David Lopez, the injunctive relief obtained provides confidence and a strong foundation for eliminating barriers in recruiting and hiring women and will prevent the reoccurrence of this type of situation. The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 4 would have a direct impact on these very types of cases by providing an exception to cases where funds are directed to the remediation of generalized harm, as highlighted in the above agreements that falls within the category of other than direct restitution to the identifiable victims. Accordingly, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 4. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would exempt settlements resolving workplace sexual harassment, violence, or discrimination; but nothing in the underlying bill prevents victims of workplace harassment, violence, or discrimination from obtaining relief. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016 explicitly permits remedial payments to thirdparty victims who were directly and proximately harmed by the defendant’s wrongdoing. Nor does the bill preclude wider conduct remedies used in discrimination cases. Nothing in the bill debars the Department of Justice from requiring a defendant to implement workplace training and monitoring programs. The ban on thirdparty payments merely ensures that the defendant remains responsible for performing these tasks itself and is not forced to outsource set sums for the work of two third parties who might be friendly with a given administration. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I think the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary just answered, this is a political bill. If an independent entity in the settlement wants to retain an entity to help train, to help provide information, to speak Spanish, why is that prohibited? My amendment says there should be an affirmative affirmation through an exemption that this is not disallowed because specifically what they are trying to go to is blocking the particular settlement and the parties from making an informed decision as to who would best implement the settlement; and if that required funding to do so to an entity that may happen to be a civil rights group, an NAACP, an Urban League, La Raza, then it seems that my friends on the other side of the aisle want to make sure that those organizations’ storied histories in civil rights does not get a chance to help improve and to eliminate sexual harassment, workplace harassment, workplace discrimination, sexual violence, none of these things. I can’t, for the life of me, understand why the Jackson Lee amendment No. 4 would not be an acceptable affirmation that it is all right for these corporations to engage with other entities that can do the job better than them. Let’s work together to eliminate discrimination in America once and for all, and let’s work together so that we don’t read any more headlines like the Aurora, Colorado, headline victims, where they were told to pay $700,000 back to the theater. I am appalled, and I think none of us would agree with that. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment No. 4. It is right for justice and equality. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. The fact of the matter is that the principle here of making sure that when the Department of Justice goes and extracts settlement payments from defendants in lawsuits brought against them is spent to directly compensate the victims is what this legislation is all about. We want to see them compensated. We also want to make sure that if they are not harmed by this, it doesn’t matter who they are. It could be a Republican administration and their favored groups may be a whole different list of organizations that might be sitting there at the door hoping to be able to get some money from the Federal trough by simply applying to a Federal prosecutor or a Federal bureaucrat instead of going through the process that the United States Constitution requires, and that is that Article I of the Constitution says the Congress shall appropriate funds. If the funds are not to go to people directly harmed, they should come to the General Treasury; and the Congress itself, the people’s elected representatives in the people’s House, should appropriate the funds as they believe is most appropriate. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Similar legislation has been introduced in the past, including the Endangered Species Litigation Reasonableness Act, introduced by Representative HUIZENGA . As Representative H UIZENGA  accurately stated in April of 2015: ‘‘The goal of the Endangered Species Act is to enhance wildlife preservation, not line the pockets of trial attorneys with taxpayer dollars. Every taxpayer dollar spent on litigation is a dollar that could have been spent protecting the environment.’’ This amendment is endorsed by the Americans for Limited Government, the American Conservative Union, Family Farm Alliance, the Motorcycle Industry Council, National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, the Recreational OffHighway Vehicle Association, the Specialty Vehicle Institute of America, Taxpayers Protection Alliance, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the Arizona Farm Bureau. I commend the chairman and the committee for their efforts on this legislation and for recognizing that the settlement process is in desperate need of reform. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would limit the ability of the prevailing party to receive reasonable attorneys’ fees for services rendered in connection with a settlement agreement. Where citizens, through a private enforcement action, hold the government or a private party accountable, Congress has authorized payments for reasonable attorneys’ fees. Bringing meritorious claims to hold corporate wrongdoing accountable is often time consuming and expensive. In many cases, Congress has already authorized reasonable attorneys’ fees specifically to encourage these types of lawsuits to ensure a level playing field and an accessible justice system. This amendment would limit these fees to outdated rates—$125 an hour; that is ridiculous—and that will discourage citizens from bringing these important lawsuits. Accordingly, I encourage my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016 is intended to bolster Congress’ Article I institutional authority over all types of cases, not to carve out special rules for particular categories of cases. Attorneys’ fee issues are not the focus of the bill and would be better addressed by separate legislation. I commend the gentleman from Arizona for his concern about the abuse that he has cited, but this amendment could also have significant, unintended adverse consequences. First and foremost, it could hinder the ability of small businesses challenging government overreach to obtain representation. This could occur, for example, in Fifth Amendment takings cases, many of which involve the environment. Indeed, fee recoveries under the Equal Access to Justice Act, although often abused by environmental NGOs, as was cited by the gentleman from Arizona, were originally intended to go to small businesses and other small entities to help them sue against overreaching government action. The problem he cites needs to be addressed, but not here. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I would like to agree with the chairman on his analysis of the Equal Access to Justice Act. It has been abused. As I mentioned before, environmental groups with well over $100 million in annual revenues are using the law intended to protect the little guy to siphon money from the American taxpayers. That is why my amendment is so important. By closing this loophole, we can uphold the intent of the law and ensure its continued efficacy. Furthermore, line 15 of the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act contains a carveout for environmental litigation. My amendment is, therefore, both germane and critical to preventing attorneys in these environmental lawsuits from using the currently existing loophole to charge upwards of $500 per hour for their service. As my colleague Representative HUIZENGA has perviously pointed out, every dollar spent on litigation is a dollar that cannot go to protecting or restoring the environment. I also want to make clear that my amendment does nothing to prohibit groups from engaging in litigation or to prohibit repayments for their legal fees. The $125 cap already exists in current law. My amendment simply closes the loophole that environmental groups have used to exceed that cap. Once again, I would like to thank my colleagues for their efforts on this important issue. I encourage the passage of the Gosar amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b1530 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . TOM PRICE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–724. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 843, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, let me first commend Chairman GOODLATTE for his work on the underlying bill. I want to thank him and the staff of the Judiciary Committee for their support and assistance on crafting this and the following amendment. I also want to thank the chairman, staff, and members of the Rules Committee for their help as well. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, requires the head of each Federal agency to provide an annual electronic report to the Congressional Budget Office of any settlement agreements entered into by an official or agency during the previous year, consistent with the limitations of the underlying bill, H.R. 5063. This annual submission to CBO is critical to ensure the transparency of these settlements and to provide Congress an opportunity to obtain the information on these from the agencies. Further, with this information, CBO can begin building a database of these settlements, which is essential for Congress to track and to monitor the size and number of these agreements made by the Federal Government. I should point out that it also includes language to ensure that no additional funds are appropriated for this 
administrative reporting requirement to make certain that the amendment has no budgetary impact. I want to also state, finally, that this amendment includes a 7year sunset provision to comply with the House’s CutGo provision. I want to once again thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment. It would require Federal agencies to submit reports electronically to the Congressional Budget Office on settlement agreements into which they enter. The amendment’s electronic reporting requirement would help alert Congress to problem settlements, is efficient, and would aggregate information in one place, which would aid oversight. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support this valuable amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman once again. I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . TOM PRICE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–724. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–724 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. CONYERS of Michigan. Amendment No. 2 by Mr. CICILLINE of Rhode Island. Amendment No. 4 by Ms. JACKSON  LEEof Texas. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. GOSAR of Arizona. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 234, not voting 19, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Boustany Brown (FL) Calvert Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Duckworth Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted Loudermilk Nugent Palazzo Reichert Rokita Ross Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema Stivers Westmoreland b1558 Messrs. RATCLIFFE, WOODALL, FITZPATRICK, and ASHFORD changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 175, noes 236, not voting 20, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bishop (MI) Boustany Brown (FL) Calvert Clawson (FL) Cole DesJarlais Duckworth Guthrie Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted Nugent Palazzo Reichert Ross Rush Sanchez, Loretta Scott, David Sinema Wittman 
b1603 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 484, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 484, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 235, not voting 18, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Boustany Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Calvert Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Duckworth Hurt (VA) Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted Nugent Palazzo Rangel Reichert Ross Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema b1608 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I was not present for rollcall vote No. 485 On Agreeing to the Jackson Lee of Texas Amendment No. 4 to H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, on rollcall votes 481, 482, 483, 484, and 485, I was unable to vote as I was detained in my congressional district to attend the funeral of a dear friend. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall votes 481, and 482. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall votes 483, 484, and 485. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 155, noes 262, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Guthrie Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (WV) Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pitts Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tipton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Boustany Brown (FL) Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Duckworth Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted Nugent Palazzo Reichert Ross Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema 
b1612 Mr. ROTHFUS changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. SIMPSON , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 843, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. MENG. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. The purpose of my motion is simple. It says that the restrictions in the underlying bill do not apply to settlement agreements that ultimately result in lower prices for lifesaving medical devices. Mr. Speaker, Americans are hurting across this country. Far too often, there have been companies that have sought to profit off of the most vulnerable among us through monopolylike action and power. When that happens, Mr. Speaker, particularly when it comes to medical devices, it is the Federal Government’s role to ensure that consumers are protected, to ensure that all Americans have access to devices they need, particularly when it is a matter of life and death. In my opinion, we have to look no further than the actions of the maker of EpiPens, the device every parent of a child with severe allergies is aware of. When a child goes into shock, this is the device that will save his or her life. Unfortunately, EpiPen’s maker, Mylan, has chosen to systematically inflate its profits over the past several years without reinvesting those profits for further business activities such as research and development. Instead, we have seen CEO pay raised astronomically, and quarterly profits skyrocket, all off the backs of vulnerable Americans. This is wrong. It is so wrong that we have taken notice of these actions, and Congress is investigating whether or not violations of antitrust law have occurred with respect to Mylan. If we find that it has, and DOJ or another government agency agrees, let’s not hamstring the settlement that may ultimately be reached with Mylan. Clearly, we are not the jurors in this case, and we are not structuring the terms of any eventual, possible deal. But let’s not preclude the agencies seeking to protect us from reaching a deal that may solve problems for Americans in need, a deal that may actually reduce the cost of lifesaving medical devices. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this motion. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Nothing in this bill interferes with antitrust settlement. Nothing. The bill goes to Congress’ constitutional power. That is why every Member of Congress should oppose this motion to recommit. I say this because it targets legislation designed exclusively to strengthen 
Congress. Serious people on both sides of the aisle understand the importance of Congress’ spending power. A major theme of the Speaker’s A Better Way Initiative is that the spending power is one of Congress’ most effective tools in reining in executive overreach. Liberal legal scholar Abner Mikva agrees: 
To ensure that Congress would act as the first branch of government, the constitutional Framers gave the legislature virtually exclusive power to control the Nation’s purse strings. They knew that the power of the purse was the most farreaching and effectual of all governmental powers. 
This motion stems from a misunderstanding of the governing principle of this bill, which is simply this: DOJ’s authority to settle cases requires the ability to obtain redress for actual victims—actual victims. However, once direct victims have been compensated, deciding what to do with additional funds extracted from defendants becomes a policy question properly decided by elected representatives in Congress, not agency bureaucrats or prosecutors. The Framers assigned this job to Congress. It is in everyone’s interest to preserve the careful balance of our Framers’ wisely struck constitutional issues. If you believe in checks and balances, oppose the motion and support this bill. If you believe that effective congressional oversight of the executive branch is important, oppose this motion and support this bill. If you believe that Congress’ ability to rein in executive overreach will be important in future administrations, oppose this motion and support this bill. I urge my colleagues to defend Congress’ institutional interest by opposing this motion. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 234, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—16 
Boustany Brown (FL) Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Duckworth Franks (AZ) Johnson, Sam Lieu, Ted Nugent Palazzo Reichert Rokita Ross Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema 
b1627 So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 487, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 241, noes 174, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Beyer Boustany Brown (FL) Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Duckworth Johnson, Sam LaMalfa Lieu, Ted Nugent Palazzo Reichert Ross Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sinema 
b1635 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order at any time on the legislative day of September 9, 2016, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules, as though under clause 1 of rule XV, relating to the bill (S. 2040) to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREE ON S. 2012, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the following conferee on S. 2012 to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Whitfield of Kentucky: Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. There was no objection. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 660) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives to support the territorial integrity of Georgia. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: H. R ES. 660 Whereas since 1993, the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia have been reaffirmed by the international community in all United Nations Security Council resolutions on Georgia; Whereas the Government of Georgia has pursued a peaceful resolution of the conflict with Russia over Georgia’s territories of Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia; Whereas principle IV of the Helsinki Final Act of 1975 states that, ‘‘The participating States will respect the territorial integrity of each of the participating States. Accordingly, they will refrain from any action inconsistent with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations against the territorial integrity, political independence or the unity of any participating State, and in particular from any such action constituting a threat or use of force . . . and participating States will likewise refrain from making each other’s territory the object of military occupation.’’; Whereas the Charter of the United Nations states that, ‘‘All Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state.’’; Whereas the recognition by the Government of the Russian Federation of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia on August 26, 2008, was in violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia and contradicting principles of Helsinki Final Act of 1975, the Charter of the United Nations as well as the August 12, 2008, Ceasefire Agreement; Whereas the United StatesGeorgia Charter on Strategic Partnership, signed on January 9, 2009, underscores that ‘‘support for each other’s sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity and inviolability of borders constitutes the foundation of our bilateral relations.’’; Whereas according to the Government of Georgia’s ‘‘State Strategy on Occupied Territories’’, the Government of Georgia has committed itself to a policy of peaceful engagement, the protection of economic and human rights, freedom of movement, and the preservation of cultural heritage, language, and identity for the people of Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia; Whereas the August 2008 war between the Russian Federation and Georgia resulted in civilian and military casualties, the violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, and large numbers of internally displaced persons; Whereas the annual United Nations General Assembly Resolution on the ‘‘Status of Internally Displaced Persons and Refugees from Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, Georgia’’, recognizes the right of return of all internally displaced persons and refugees and their descendants, regardless of ethnicity, as well as their property rights, remains unfulfilled; Whereas the Russian Federation is building barbed wire fences and installing, so 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material for the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, and he is the author of this measure. Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chairman of the committee and the ranking member for their support on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I was in Georgia in 2008 when the Russians invaded that sovereign country and took onefifth of their nation away from them. I saw the Russian tanks on the hill, and, unfortunately, many years later, those Russian tanks are still on the hills of Georgia. Russia is a cancer in the area. It is trying to infiltrate countries in the region, trying to spread its propaganda and conquering ideas to the former Soviet Republics. Russian troops maintain a stranglehold on the occupied territories of Georgia. Russians have forced ethnic Georgians to leave and have forbidden everyone who still lives there from speaking the Georgian language or from traveling to Georgia. The illegal Russian occupation of Georgia is not a simple matter of territory—it is an attack on ideas; it is an assault on the very freedoms and liberties that are God given. Georgia is a small and young democracy despite the rough neighborhood that it lives in—surrounded by corrupt dictators, including Russia. In fact, over the past 25 years, Georgia has become the freest nation in the region. It has championed good governance, economic reform, and democracy while combating corruption and ensuring press freedom. This is no small achievement. I have met with the first Georgian Government and the second Georgian Government and have met with many of their officials. Mostly, I have met with the people of Georgia, and they are freedomloving individuals. Georgia sets up a strong contrast to the authoritarian Putin up north. Putin does not like having a beacon of freedom shining brightly from the south with his imperial aggression kingdom looking down on them. This is exactly why Putin decided to invade Georgia 8 years ago. Georgia represents the democratic potential in the region. Putin would like nothing more than to cause unrest and turmoil in Georgia, like he has done in other nations, including in Ukraine. Georgia is a strong ally of the United States. Georgia has more troops in Afghanistan who are fighting alongside our troops than any nonNATO ally, and it has made hard reforms in order to join NATO and the European Union. This resolution expresses our solidarity with Georgia. I am proud to be a cochair, along with the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), of the Georgia Caucus. This resolution condemns Russia’s illegal occupation of Georgian territory, and it sends a clear message to Putin that the United States will never recognize his control over any part of Georgia. Our friends in Georgia and the region must know that the United States will not waver in its longstanding support for its allies in the face of the Napoleon of Siberia. We must be clear about our commitment to our friends. Instead of retreating from the world stage, the United States must deepen its relationships with our allies. Georgia is a valuable ally threatened by the cold Russian winds of authoritarianism. John F. Kennedy, our President 50 years ago, 
said that we would support any friend who believes in freedom. It is time we step up and support the nation of Georgia. I urge my colleagues to support this important resolution and send a signal to our enemies and our friends all over the world that the United States means it when it says it will support its allies. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. I am glad that Mr. POEsaid, ‘‘That is just the way it is,’’ because I agree. It is just the way it is. I agree with everything he says, and I want to thank him and Mr. CONNOLLY for their work on this very timely resolution. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that Russian President Vladimir Putin is doing everything in his power to steamroll the efforts of the U.S. and our allies over many decades to build a Europe that is whole, free, and at peace; and we shouldn’t forget that the illegal occupation of Crimea and parts of eastern Ukraine isn’t the first time he has trampled on his neighbors’ territorial integrity. Last month, we marked 8 years since Russian troops moved into Georgia, where they remain to this day. Now, I believe keeping Georgia out of NATO in 2008 was a terrible mistake, and, indeed, thenPresident Medvedev cited the alliance’s failure to put out the welcome mat for Georgia as a signal that Russia needed to push across the border. b1645 Yet, even with its sovereignty fractured for eight years, Georgia will soon write another chapter in its history of freedom and democracy by holding parliamentary elections. We went to a celebration—and, I believe Mr. POEwas there—celebrating the 25th anniversary of freedom from communism by Georgia. Your heart really has to go out to the Georgian people and what they have been able to accomplish under very, very adverse circumstances. Georgia was a part of the Soviet Union for so many years. It was clear that they didn’t wish to be, but they were forced to be. Then when the Soviet Union collapsed, Georgia, of course, was an independent country and declared so, but that wasn’t good enough for Mr. Putin. So the resolution we are considering today reaffirms the commitment of the United States to our partners in Georgia. We believe that Georgia’s territorial integrity should be restored, just as with Ukraine. We do not recognize Russia’s occupation of parts of that country as legitimate, and we never will. I think we have to state that again. The Russian occupation of parts of Georgia is illegal, and Georgia should remain whole and free, and the Russians ought to get out. We view Georgia’s democracy and vibrant society as a beacon in an increasingly challenging part of the world, and we continue to believe that the door should be open to Georgia to work with us. I continue to believe that the door should remain open to Georgia for both NATO and the EU membership. I am glad to support this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, since it regained its independence back in 1991 with the collapse of the Soviet Empire at the time, Georgia has repeatedly proven that it is indeed a strong partner of the United States. Russian President Vladimir Putin is trying to sever our connection in order to reestablish Russia’s domination over Georgia. That is part of the problem here. Ever since he came to power in 2000, President Putin has pursued an aggressive policy toward Georgia that has included economic coercion, armed conflict, and occupation of the regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. This is similar to his ongoing campaign, frankly, against Ukraine where Russia has annexed Crimea outright. President Putin has these territorial ambitions in Georgia as well and is promoting separatist forces in Abkhazia and in South Ossetia with the ultimate goal of annexing those regions outright or in all but name. In fact, Russia has already formally recognized these two regions as independent countries. As part of that effort, Russia is using its enormous propaganda machine to convince the Georgian people that the U.S. and the west have abandoned them and that they have no option but to submit to Moscow and to submit to its imperial ambitions. This strategy will soon be put to the test. It is going to be put to the test in Georgia’s parliamentary elections on October 8 because Moscow is hoping that its campaign of disinformation will convince the Georgian people that they are alone and helpless and that they must give up close ties with the west or they will face greater hardship. Our broadcasts through Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty should be an important counter to this harmful propaganda. By voting overwhelmingly for this resolution, the House will send a powerful message that will be heard, not only throughout Georgia, but in the Kremlin as well, and that message is the United States will not accept Russia’s efforts to undermine Georgia’s sovereignty and their territorial integrity and that we will always remain a strong partner of this embattled democracy and of the brave Georgian people. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE so much for his indulgence in terms of time. I had the pleasure of going to Georgia over the recess with Congressman DUNCAN, and we had an incredible experience in that we saw firsthand the very thing that you are talking about with regard to the Russian occupation of nearly 20 percent of the landmass of Georgia. It is having a realworld impact in terms of a threat to that part of the region, a threat in terms of investment, and a threat in terms of further economic development to that country. What has been, I think, impressive are the market reforms that have taken place there, the way that the economy has burgeoned as a consequence of those market reforms, but, again, the way in which the Russian threat threatens all of that in terms of the growing democratic movement, the growing economy, and the change in people’s lives. So I just want to praise the gentleman from California and thank him for bringing this resolution to the floor because I think it does make a difference in terms of a signal to that part of the world wherein people that we met with and saw firsthand are seeing the consequence of the Russian occupation. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is clear that Vladimir Putin has no regard for his neighbor’s sovereignty, and I think we should be doing more to push back against Russia’s aggression. We also need to take every chance we get to make clear that his past bad behavior is not acceptable. Russia’s illegal occupation, as we have said of Georgia, has gone on for too long. He has occupied other places as well: Moldova, Crimea, and Ukraine, which is part of Crimea. If we just let him do this, there will be no end in sight. The United States has to really be strong about this. I am glad we are sending this message today that we stand with the people of Georgia. We want to see their country made whole again, and we will never accept Russia’s illegal claims. I am glad to support this measure. I urge my colleagues to do the same. Again, this is a bipartisan resolution because we all oppose aggression, and Abkhazia and South Ossetia should not be occupied. It should go back and be part of the rest of the country in a free and independent Georgia. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just close by acknowledging again and thanking Judge POE, Chairman POE, a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and author of this measure, for this resolution and for his focus to see that we collectively send a clear and powerful message to the people of Georgia and to President Vladimir Putin that the U.S. is and will remain a steadfast friend of this embattled democracy. 
I would also add that Judge P OE’s resolution comes at a crucial time because the Kremlin is trying to convince the Georgian people that we have abandoned them and that they have no choice but to submit to Moscow. I think by passing this resolution we will send our own message. We will send a powerful message of support to the people of Georgia and ensure that, when the Georgians cast their vote in next month’s parliamentary elections, they will do so confident that the American people will stand by them. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution (H. Res. 660) to support the territorial integrity of Georgia. I want to thank my good friends and colleagues Mr. POEand Mr. C ONNOLLY for intro ducing this excellent resolution, which condemns Russia’s ongoing illegal activities along the occupation line in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Mr. Speaker, Russia’s invasion and occupation of Georgian territory violates the Helsinki Final Act, as well as the core principles of several multilateral agreements, the Budapest Memorandum, and the United Nations Charter. The United States has not recognized Russia’s illegal attempt to separate Abkhazia and South Ossetia from Georgia as legitimate in any way—and this resolution sends a powerful message that in this policy the administration has the full support of Congress. I was in Georgia in August, 2008, arriving about two weeks after the Russian invasion. The human suffering generated by the invasion was immense, with over 192,000 people displaced and several hundred killed. Several of my constituents found themselves trapped behind Russian lines in South Ossetia&mdash;we were able to get them out with help from our very capable ambassador, John Tefft, now serving as our ambassador to Russia, and the assistance of another country’s diplomatic mission. The Russian occupation of Georgian territory is a festering sore that has not healed in the eight years that have elapsed since the invasion. Mr. Speaker, the resolution notes: ‘‘the Russian Federation is building barbed wire fences and installing, socalled ‘border signs’ and other artificial barriers along the occupation line and depriving the people residing within the occupied regions and in the adjacent areas of their fundamental rights and freedoms.’’ Mr. Speaker, I saw this new Iron Curtain with my own eyes in July. I was in Georgia, leading the U.S. Delegation to the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, and made a visit to what our embassy calls the occupation line with some of my congressional colleagues. We looked over Russia’s fortified line from an observation platform—and what we saw reminded me of the old Soviet Union. The Russian troops came to the checkpoint and made people wait upwards of 12 hours to cross over with foodstuffs and reach people on the other side. A Russian guard used a camera to film me and the other members who were standing on the platform. Tensions were thick. Mr. Speaker, this resolution comes at a timely moment, as Georgia prepares for its parliamentary elections in October. It reminds Georgians as they prepare to go to the polls that the U.S. supports them in their efforts to develop a sovereign, independent, and prosperous country. I thank my good friend Mr. POEfor intro ducing this resolution in support of Georgia and urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 660, expressing support for the territorial integrity of Georgia. I want to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for shepherding this measure through the House Foreign Affairs Committee. I introduced this resolution with my colleague and fellow cochair of the Congressional Caucus on Georgia, Judge TEDPOE. It serves as a clear and unequivocal statement in support of the sovereign territory of Georgia and it reiterates the longstanding policy of the United States to not recognize territorial changes effected by force, as dictated by the Stimson Doctrine—established in 1932 by then Secretary of State Henry L. Stimson. In Georgia and elsewhere in the region, Russia has committed gross violations of these principles by fomenting unrest and aiding separatist movements in the countries along its periphery. Foundational multilateral agreements reached for the purpose of maintaining a peaceful and stable international order, such as the Helsinki Final Act of 1975 and the Charter of the United Nations, have been willfully disregarded by Russia at Putin’s behest. This resolution condemns strongly the forcible and illegal occupation of the Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions in Georgia, and calls on Russia to withdraw its troops from the territories. Russian forces continue to harass civilian communities along the administrative boundary line and impede the right of return of internally displaced persons. This resolution is about restoring the territorial integrity of a sovereign state and upholding the commitments and promise of the U.S. Georgia Charter on Strategic Partnership—a framework founded on support for each other’s sovereignty, the strengthening of Georgian democracy, and the EuroAtlantic integration of Georgia. Support for this resolution would be consistent with the recent Warsaw Summit Communique issued by the NATO Heads of State and Government on July 9, 2016 in which NATO reaffirmed its support for the territorial integrity, independence, and sovereignty of Georgia. I would ask that my colleagues support this important and timely resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YODER ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res 660. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE UNITED STATESREPUBLIC OF KOREAJAPAN TRILATERAL RELATIONSHIP Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 634) recognizing the importance of the United StatesRepublic of KoreaJapan trilateral relationship to counter North Korean threats and nuclear proliferation, and to ensure regional security and human rights. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: H. R ES. 634 Whereas, on January 6, 2016, North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear test and on February 6, 2016, North Korea conducted an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile technology test, both constituting direct and egregious violations of United Nations Security Council resolutions; Whereas each of the governments of the United States, the Republic of Korea (ROK), and Japan have condemned the tests, underscoring the importance of a strong and united international response; Whereas the ROK President Park Geunhye and Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe have agreed to work with the United States both to institute strong measures in reaction to North Korean provocations, and to prevent North Korea from becoming a nuclear weapons state; Whereas the United States, ROK, and Japan have signed a framework to enhance information sharing called the ‘‘Trilateral Information Sharing Arrangement Concerning the Nuclear and Missile Threats Posed by North Korea’’; Whereas Seoul, the capital of the Republic of Korea (ROK), is 35 miles from the Demilitarized Zone, and Japan is 650 miles from North Korea, both within reach of North Korea’s weapons; Whereas North Korea already has an estimated stockpile of nuclear material that could be converted into 1321 nuclear weapons, with clear intentions to continue building its nuclear arsenal; Whereas North Korea consistently conducts destabilizing domestic military drills, including firing short range missiles into the territorial waters of its neighbors; Whereas Admiral William Gortney, Commander of the United States Northern Command has assessed on October 5, 2015, that the North Koreans ‘‘have the capability to reach the [U.S.] homeland with a nuclear weapon from a rocket’’ and U.S. Forces Korea Commander General Curtis M. Scaparrotti said on October 24, 2014, that North Koreans ‘‘have the capability to have miniaturized the device [a nuclear warhead] at this point, and they have the technology to potentially deliver what they say they have.’’; Whereas the United States’ deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system would greatly improve the ROK’s missile defense capabilities and the ability of the United StatesROKJapan cooperative efforts to deter North Korea’s threats and provocations; Whereas from June 20, 2016, through June 28, 2016, the United States Navy, the Japanese Maritime Self Defense Force, and the Republic of Korea Navy conducted their third biennial Pacific Dragon exercise, a trilateral event focusing on ballistic missile defense; Whereas the Report of the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on human rights in 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 634, recognizing the importance of the United StatesRepublic of Korea Japan trilateral relationship to counter North Korean threats and nuclear proliferation, and to ensure regional security and human rights. With North Korea’s continued bellicose rhetoric and their belligerent actions, it is critical that we stand with our Korean and Japanese allies to ensure the stability of the Asia Pacific. And this resolution expresses strong support for not only increased trilateral cooperation, but for the deployment of the missile defense system, THAAD, which will be deployed late next year. Importantly, this bill states that a strong United StatesRepublic of KoreaJapan trilateral relationship is a stabilizing force for peace and security in the region with capabilities to combat future provocations from North Korea. Today, with an ever more belligerent North Korea, this partnership has never been more crucial. As we know, only weeks ago, the Kim regime testfired a submarinelaunched ballistic missile. Although the missile traveled only 310 miles in the direction of Japan, clearly Pyongyang is one step closer to being able to target any site in the Pacific. Our governments rightly stood side by side condemning this act. Mr. Speaker, our defense cooperation with South Korea and Japan is strong, but we must remain vigilant. While there are a seemingly inexhaustible number of threats around the world, I believe Navy Admiral Harry Harris, commander of PACOM, was fundamentally correct when he identified North Korea, for now, and Kim Jongun as the greatest immediate threat to Asia, the Pacific, and the United States. I urge my colleagues to support our close alliances with South Korea and Japan and pass this important resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. Let me start by thanking the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, for offering this resolution. Mr. Speaker, this week the Kim regime in North Korea has again shown the world that it has no intention of abandoning its destabilizing and provocative pattern of behavior. The recent missile launches are a reminder that we must keep up the pressure on that rogue country. I am glad President Obama and President Park of South Korea met this week about these latest tests, and I am glad they agreed that the new U.N. sanctions against Pyongyang should be fully implemented. That meeting was a reminder that one of our best tools for dealing with North Korea is the United States JapanSouth Korea trilateral relationship. These ties allow our countries to coordinate more closely on security issues, to share intelligence more quickly and effectively, and to pack a bigger punch as we work to hold the Kim regime in North Korea accountable for its atrocious record and dangerous record and terrible record on human rights. I visited North Korea twice, Mr. Speaker, and I can tell you the people of that country deserve much, much better. In my view, we should be looking for ways to work even more closely with South Korea and Japan; and we need to keep up the pressure on China and Russia to do more to address the challenge of North Korea. China can put pressure on North Korea. China is the only one that can control what North Korea does, and yet all we get is lip service. It is not acceptable. So I am glad to support this measure. It sends a message that Congress understands the value of this trilateral relationship as a cornerstone of regional stability. I thank Chairman ROYCE , and I thank Mr. SALMON for his hard work and leadership. I reserve the balance of my time. b1700 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ). He is chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. He is also author of this measure, but I wanted to thank him particularly for his deep engagement in Asia on this and so many other issues as well. Mr. SALMON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of House Resolution 634, recognizing the importance of the United StatesRepublic of KoreaJapan trilateral relationship to counter North Korean threats and nuclear proliferation, and to ensure regional security and human rights. I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their support of this legislation as well as all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for this bipartisan effort. As we have all seen, North Korea continues its provocations, which we saw again as recently as 2 days ago, when Kim JongUn’s regime launched three more missiles during the final day of the G20 summit. Not only did this fly in the face of multiple U.N. resolutions, but was a calculated challenge to the international order. The administration’s strategy of strategic patience with North Korea clearly has not worked. What is also clear is that we must work proactively with our allies to counter North Korean threats and nuclear proliferation. The Republic of KoreaJapan relationship has improved dramatically in recent years as each partner has recognized the shared interests and values of the other, demonstrated by the deep and longstanding alliances each of them has with the United States. Our three nations working together as one against North Korea’s threats will foster improved regional security and secure fundamental human rights for the North Korean people. I have no doubt that North Korea will continue its provocations, and we must stand firm with our allies to counter its aggression. This resolution puts forth congressional intent to bolster the trilateral relationship and offers further support for regional ballistic missile defense systems. Our alliances with Korea and Japan are the cornerstones of peace and security in northeast Asia. We enjoy robust security with both countries, from the forward deployment of assets, to joint military exercises, to information and intelligence sharing. In fact, Korea recently elected to deploy, as Mr. ROYCE  just referred to, the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, 
known as THAAD, which will support existing U.S. and Japanese assets in the region in our mission to deter North Korean aggression. In light of North Korea’s ongoing nuclear tests and missile launches, it is imperative that the United States work even more closely with these allies to counter this persistent threat. I introduced this resolution to reaffirm the importance of the trilateral relationship in this tense and unstable time. It supports regional allied responses to North Korean threats and human rights abuses, and calls for expansion of information sharing and other diplomatic relationships between our three countries. This is a very important measure for the security of our homeland; that of our allies, Korea and Japan; and the international community at large. I encourage all Members to support this legislation. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I will close now if there are no speakers on the other side. If there is a speaker, then I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). He is the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the distinguished chairman for yielding and for his leadership on this issue and Ranking Member ENGEL , and especially thank Chairman SALMON for authoring this important piece of legislation. North Korea, as we know, poses an existential threat to its neighbors and requires constant vigilance and close cooperation of regional allies. The alliance between the United States, South Korea, and Japan is vital to curtail North Korea’s everworsening saber rattling and to ensure regional security and human rights. A strong relationship between the region’s leading democracies is also critically important to provide a balance to China’s increasingly uncertain diplomacy. China subsidizes North Korea’s bad behavior, enables the torture of asylum seekers by repatriating those who escape to China in direct contravention of the Refugee Convention, which they have signed and ratified, and provides Kim JongUn needed currency by employing thousands of trafficked workers. Though the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on North Korea recommended the U.N. impose targeted sanctions on the North Korean leaders responsible for massive crimes against humanity, China blocked effective U.N. actions. That is why the U.S., South Korea, and Japan must work together to identify and list those North Koreans responsible for egregious human rights abuses. Pyongyang’s enablers, abusers, and nuclear customers must be identified, and those responsible individuals for gross human rights violations ought to be held to account individually. There is growing evidence that sanctions are having some effect. We know that highlevel diplomats and military leaders are defecting, recognizing that they will be held accountable if they continue to support Kim JongUn’s barbaric regime. The trilateral relationship is also critically important to ensure regional security. North Korea’s nuclear quest and the multiple recent tests of missile technology demonstrate again that China cannot or will not control its protege. Despite China’s objections, there is need for deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system and to conduct joint military exercises to strengthen coordination and cooperation posed by the threat of the North Korean military. I support the resolution strongly and hope the House votes unanimously for it. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ), a member of the Committee on Appropriations and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman and Mr. SALMON for letting me speak in support of this resolution. I have worked very closely over the last several years with the Embassy of Japan. I was honored, for example, to host the Deputy Ambassador last month in Utah. My parents lived for 3 years as a military family in Japan, and I remember growing up, our house was filled with Japanese art and beautiful bonsai trees. I also feel a personal connection with South Korea, where one of my sons served as a missionary for 2 years. Both Japan and South Korea are not only critical allies of the United States, but they are critical to security and to peace throughout Asia. As a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, I am reminded every day that we live in a dangerous world. On top of the list of dangerous challenges is North Korea, which is a brutal, thuggish, repressive regime that unquestionably challenges international security and stability. For example, as has been mentioned here a number of times now, we learned just within the last few weeks that three new ballistic missiles had been launched toward Japan. Unfortunately, this isn’t new. Reports of similar missile launches from North Korea seem to be almost routine, and that is why this resolution is so important. Not only does it condemn North Korea’s nuclear test and missile launches, it also reaffirms the importance of a strong relationship, once again, between Japan, South Korea, and the United States. A strong relationship between our three countries is more important now than it ever has been before, as we coordinate more advanced regional ballistic missile defense systems and work to counter North Korea’s destabilizing activities. Shifting gears just a little bit, I would also like to take a moment to mention an American student, David Sneddon, who disappeared in 2004 without explanation while hiking in southwest China. He was fluent in Korean, and some respective experts have suggested that he may have been abducted by North Korea to train their intelligence operatives in English and Western culture. Recently—in fact, just last week—a news outlet in Japan reported that a North Korea defector had seen David and that he was alive, that he was teaching English in North Korea. I have sponsored a House resolution that asks the State Department to investigate the theory that David may have been abducted by the North Korean regime, and I urge the House to vote on this important resolution. That is why this resolution that we are speaking about today is so important. It is one of the foundations that is necessary in order for us to move forward on these others. So I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 634, as a strong United States, Japan, and South Korea relationship is critical to stopping North Korea expansion and operating as a criminal enterprise. I thank the chairman again for letting me speak on behalf of this resolution. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me say that greater stability and security across the Asia Pacific needs to be a top priority for the United States. Our interests in the alliances in that part of the world are only growing more and more important with each passing day. So when we see a threat like North Korea, we need to work with our partners in the region to respond. That is why our trilateral ties with South Korea and Japan are so important. This is an alliance that has underpinned and will continue to underpin security in Asia for years to come, and we are doing the right thing by voicing our strong support for it. I support this measure, and I ask all my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would just point out that as Kim JongUn continues to ratchet up his aggressive actions, we need to stand shoulder to shoulder with our Korean and Japanese allies, and part of this also means being more proactive in implementing the North Korea sanctions law that was passed earlier this year. It is unacceptable that no Chinese companies have yet been sanctioned under the new law by the administration. We are working on that, but today this resolution before us sends a very strong signal that our trilateral partnership will remain a standard for security in the Asia Pacific. I urge all Members’ support. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 634, expressing support for the U.S.Republic of KoreaJapan trilateral relationship. The United StatesRepublic of KoreaJapan trilateral relationship is strategically vital to countering the provocations emanating from North Korea, and this resolution provides guidance for what should be our shared priorities in addressing the threat posed by the paranoid regime in Pyongyang. As a cochair of the Congressional Caucus on Korea, I remain deeply concerned with the volatility and everpresent potential of conflict on the Korean Peninsula. It is a specter that looms over 75 million Koreans and, for their sake and that of the region, the U.S., the Republic of Korea, Japan, China, and other regional stakeholders must demonstrate commitment to addressing this threat. The Korean Peninsula is one of the most dangerous flashpoints on the globe. There have been recent developments in the North Korea saga that are profoundly troubling and deserve an immediate response from Congress. North Korea’s fourth nuclear weapons test and ongoing ballistic missile tests confirm that the regime in Pyongyang is committed to defying international norms and destabilizing the AsiaPacific region. This resolution, sanctions passed by Congress, the United Nations Security Council Resolution 2270, the R.O.K.’s decision to close Kaesong Industrial Complex, and the recent agreement to deploy the THAAD missile defense system to the Peninsula constitute a concerted effort to target North Korea’s illicit trade networks and protect a vital U.S. ally from the illicit nuclear program that has made North Korea a world pariah. The North Korean threat endangers the security and stability of close and valued defense treaty allies, the R.O.K. and Japan. The U.S. has met this challenge with security assurances, military resources, deepened economic ties, and an effort to marshal the opposition of the international community against a nuclear armed North Korea. We must continue to demonstrate the resolve to achieve a nuclearweaponfree Korean Peninsula. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 634, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EDUCATION FOR ALL ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4481) to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to provide assistance for developing countries to promote quality basic education and to establish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objective of the United States foreign assistance policy, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4481 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, at the outset, let me thank our colleague, NITALOWEY , the author of this measure. I very much appreciate her and her team’s good work on this bill. Also, Jessica Kelch, a staff member here on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I appreciate her efforts as well in making sure that this came to the floor. We all recognize the importance of education for economic growth. We know the impact that it has on social mobility. We know that the overall stability around the globe is partly dependent upon this, and as Congresswoman NITALOWEY would tell you, education raises the productivity of people. It empowers men, it empowers women to better care for themselves, better care for their families, and increases their civic participation. Even one extra year of schooling has been found to significantly increase a worker’s earnings and their lifespan. But despite widespread agreement about the benefits of education, the fact remains that an alarming number of children worldwide are out of school. At present, over 120 million children around the globe have never attended or have dropped out of school. More than onethird of these children come from countries suffering from war and suffering from conflict. With many recent conflicts lasting well over a decade, it is easy to see how, tragically, we now have entire generations of children who are failing to receive even the most basic education. b1715 Certainly, this is a humanitarian crisis. But there are clear implications for global stability and our national security as well. What opportunities are available to children who remain out of school or leave school unable to read, write, or perform basic arithmetic? Sadly, we know these children face a greatly increased risk of abuse at the hands of traffickers, early marriage or forced marriage, and recruitment by criminal or terrorist organizations. Nowhere is this harsh reality more clear than in Syria, where an estimated 4 million Syrian children are currently out of school. Inside Syria, these children are being shaped by violence and a lack of alternatives that place them at a high risk of exploitation and of radicalization. As refugees, they are placing tremendous pressure on the education systems of countries like Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey. That is why I rise today in support of H.R. 4481, the Education for All Act. This bill increases direction and accountability for U.S. efforts to impose access to basic education in developing and in conflicttorn countries. It requires the President to establish a strategy for, and report to Congress on, how the administration will work with other countries and donors on how to build that capacity and how to reduce duplication, how to measure progress, and how to replicate success 
in its basic education programming, especially for children affected by conflict and crisis. It also requires increased attention to some of the specific barriers to education that women and girls face. Lastly, the bill establishes a senior coordinator within the U.S. Agency for International Development to ensure accountability and oversight across all U.S. agencies that are involved in this work. So, again, I want to thank Representative LOWEY for her continued bipartisan leadership on this issue, as well as my committee’s ranking member, Mr. ENGEL , and the chair of our Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee, Mr. SMITH, for their work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation. Let me again thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for his leadership; and I want to acknowledge my good friend and neighbor from New York, NITA LOWEY , who authored this bill and has long been a champion for expanding access to education not just here in the United States, but around the world. Mr. Speaker, a recent report from the United Nations tells us that, around the world, more than 260 million young people are not in school. That is 260 million, a staggering amount. Millions more are only able to gain a substandard education. We cannot overstate the importance of getting young people off to a good start by getting them into the classroom. Every year of primary school increases an individual’s earning potential by 5 to 15 percent. More educated populations are healthier and more productive, so it is a win all the way around. Promoting access to education isn’t about helping young people reaching their potential. It is also about enhancing security and stability. For every year a young man spends in school, the likelihood of him becoming involved in violence and extremism drops by 20 percent. In places like Afghanistan and South Sudan, where roughly half of the children are not in school, we know that violent extremists and others are only too happy to provide a rotten alternative for these vulnerable young people. That is why access to basic education needs to be a foreign policy priority. This legislation calls for a 5year strategy for expanding opportunities for kids to go to school all over the world, especially where children are most vulnerable. It would put a new point person in charge of making sure that our efforts across government are coordinated and effective. It would place a special emphasis on monitoring and evaluation so we know we are getting the best bang for our buck when it comes to our investments in basic education. This is a good bill that will actually help to put children in classrooms around the world, giving them a better shot at a full and successful life. I, again, thank my friend NITA LOWEY , and I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), my friend and a wonderful colleague. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their support and their enthusiasm for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of H.R. 4481, the Education for All Act, which I introduced earlier this year with our colleague DAVID REICHERT . Today, millions of American children are settling into new classrooms and getting back in the swing of their school routines. Despite the challenges many students and schools face, it is hard for us to imagine this time of year not being occupied with the excitement of new school supplies, teachers, and school sporting events. Unfortunately, the ability to access education at all remains a luxury in too many areas around the world. In fact, in 2014, 263 million children, adolescents, and youth were not in school. Our own U.S. Agency for International Development has reported: 
The world is in the midst of a global learning crisis. 
As of 2014, an estimated 25 million children were never expected to enroll in school, and 758 million adults could not read or write a simple sentence. Women and girls represent twothirds of these staggering figures. Even daring to attend school requires taking lifethreatening risk for girls in many regions. Malala Yousafzai was shot by the Taliban in Pakistan at the age of 15 for attending school and advocating for other girls to do so. Hundreds of girls have been kidnapped by Boko Haram for seeking a basic education and still remain hostage. That is why this legislation is so critical. The promotion of international basic education must be among our chief development priorities. Not only is it in the national security interests of the United States, it is simply the right thing to do. The bill before us today prioritizes USAID’s work with foreign governments, NGOs, and multilateral organizations to help nations develop and implement quality programs, address key barriers to school attendance, and increase completion rates for the poorest and most vulnerable children worldwide. With a comprehensive strategy, the U.S. can lead the world in expanding access to millions of children who aren’t in school and improving the quality of education for millions who are. Measurable learning outcomes and updates to this strategy every 5 years, with feedback from local and international education and development partners, will ensure we build upon our successes to make progress toward universal education. Additionally, the legislation strengthens Congress’ role and enhances oversight of these efforts by creating a Senior Coordinator of United States International Basic Education Assistance tasked with improving coordination, monitoring the education strategy, and reporting to Congress on implementation. These efforts will not only teach students the three Rs, they will ultimately help protect vulnerable children from poverty, disease, hunger, and, ultimately, extremism. I have long said there is no greater force multiplier than education. An education is the fundamental tool with which girls and boys are empowered to increase their economic potential, improve their health outcomes, provide for their families, address cultural biases, and participate in their communities. Children who receive a quality education also contribute to more prosperous economies and healthier, peaceful, and democratic societies. That is why the 9/11 Commission concluded that ensuring educational opportunity is essential to defeating global terrorism. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ENGLE. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 2 minutes. Mrs. LOWEY. First introduced in 2004, the bill we consider today represents many years of hard work to elevate the importance of global education, bipartisan compromise, and the support of over 30 nonprofit and advocacy organizations, including RESULTS, the Basic Education Coalition, the Global Campaign for Education, the Global Poverty Project, the Malala Fund, and many other vital partners. So, in closing, I want to thank, again, Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member ENGEL , and their hardworking staffs for their diligent efforts to bring the Education for All Act before the House today. I urge immediate passage. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, let me say that, if children around the world cannot get a basic education, it will obviously be that much harder for them to get ahead later on in life, to contribute to their economies and communities, to help build stability and prosperity, and to deprive violent extremists of potential recruits. I think that is an important point. At a time that we are fighting extremism, children who are uneducated are much more vulnerable to be swayed by the allure of violent extremists. 
That is why we have made expanding access to education a part of our foreign policy. With this legislation, we are building on existing efforts and making sure administrations—this one and ones to come—will focus on this priority for many, many years to come. So, again, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE for always working with me hand in hand on important measures like this in a bipartisan fashion. I want to thank Congresswoman LOWEY for her hard work. She has been championing this for many, many years. I support this bill enthusiastically and urge all Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, again, want to thank NITALOWEY and E LIOT ENGEL . Today, more than 65 million men, women, and children around the globe have been displaced by conflict. This is the highest level of displacement on record—even more than during World War II. It is critical that we continue to work with other countries and partners to help address the massive education deficit that so many children now face and that our efforts be as efficient and effective as possible. The Education for All Act outlines clear priorities for this work, with an emphasis on sustainability and alignment with U.S. diplomatic development and national security interests. I urge Members to support this measure. Again, I thank my colleagues for working on a bipartisan basis on the provisions here. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4481, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DIGITAL GLOBAL ACCESS POLICY ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5537) to promote internet access in developing countries and update foreign policy toward the internet, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5537 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The purpose of this Act is to encourage the efforts of developing countries to improve mobile and fixed access to the internet in order to spur economic growth and job creation, improve health, education, and financial services, reduce poverty and gender inequality, mitigate disasters, promote democracy and good governance, strengthen cybersecurity, and update the Department of State’s structure to address cyberspace policy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. b1730 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, as the author of this measure, I want to particularly recognize the invaluable contributions of the professional staff. I mentioned Jessica Kelch, but there is another staff member here who has played an outsized role to help shape the work of this committee, and not just on the Digital GAP Act, which is before us, but Nilmini Rubin has played a critical role in energy, in trade, in development legislation that we have passed out of the committee, and so I wanted to recognize her for that contribution. I also want to focus the attention of the Members on the fact that more than 60 percent of the world’s population still lacks access to the Internet. That is 3 billion people left out of one of the largest technological transformations of our time, leaving them lagging on economic growth, lagging on health, lagging in terms of potential for education. The dearth of global Internet access negatively impacts us here at home, too. Sixty percent of the world’s population can’t buy American goods online, if you think about it. They are shut out of ecommerce. They are limited in their ability to connect with others through social media. So the Digital Global Access Policy Act calls on the administration to integrate into U.S. development efforts a ‘‘buildonce’’ policy when expanding Internet access, and this is common sense. If a U.S. development project supports the construction of a rural road, let’s invite the private sector to lay down cable before our government helps pay to pour the concrete. We are maximizing U.S. taxpayer dollar assistance; we are providing more support to the disadvantaged community; we are making it easier for business to invest if we change our policies to do this. This bill complements existing efforts to promote partnerships with the private sector to expand Internet access through the Global Connect Initiative. One of the many letters of support we received was from NetHope, which outlined why the buildonce approach in the Digital GAP Act is so important. As NetHope’s letter explained, years ago, a $100 million road construction project in Liberia failed to include the laying of fiberoptic lines as a part of the project. At the time, the cost of laying this cable would have been negligible. It would have been maybe 1 percent of the total investment. It would have been—I don’t know—probably not even a million. However, you know, if you look back, this is one example of many that we pulled out of the file where the donors chose not to include the Internet infrastructure in the project; and so, as a result, when you go to Liberia, as I have, there is poor Internet access, a fact that hampered Ebola response efforts as community health centers struggled to coordinate their efforts. If that Internet access were in place, it would have helped the U.S. and public health officials safely track the spread of Ebola. It could have reduced the disease’s spread. It could have saved lives. As NetHope explained, there is now a new project under consideration to do that same connectivity work that would have cost—would have been negligible if it had been laid at the time that the road was put in. However, since it is being considered after the fact, it will now cost tens of millions of dollars if it is done, and it will take years and years to complete. The buildonce approach is smart economics. It is smart development. We simply get more bang for our buck when we coordinate these types of infrastructure investments with the private sector. So I think the case is compelling for this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. I, first of all, want to thank our chairman, EDROYCE , from California. He has worked very, very hard on this bill for a long, long time, so I am very pleased to support this bill that he has introduced to help expand access to the Internet around the world. I know how strongly he feels about it. We all share his goal, but he was the impetus, obviously, for this bill, and this is really a good bill. Mr. Speaker, a generation ago, few could have envisioned the way the Internet would open up new gateways for information, connect people around the world, and change the global economy. Today, a classroom with broadband access gives students a window to the rest of the world, allowing them to build relationships facetoface with people thousands and thousands of miles away. A relief worker with a smartphone can relay information in an instant about where help and resources are needed to deal with a crisis. A farmer with a laptop can make sure his or her produce is fetching a fair price on the global market. A journalist in a closed society who can get online can shine a light on abuses and corruption. And while we know this tool can be used for harm, such as the way ISIS uses social media to recruit fighters and spread propaganda, we also know that, in the right hands, the Internet expands opportunity, drives growth, and makes people’s lives fuller and more productive. The ripple effects help strengthen communities and countries. But like so many resources around the world, access to the Internet often depends on where you live and what you have and if you can afford it. Living in a poor community or a rural area, or even being a woman in some places, may make it harder to take advantage of the Internet. Roughly 60 percent of the world’s population is not able to use this tool, and the growth rate of Internet access is slowing down. Threequarters of those who are offline live in just 20 countries. Think of what a difference it would make if these populations had access to a resource so many of us take for granted. This bill aims to close that gap. Chairman ROYCE ’s legislation calls on the administration to ramp up efforts around the world to expand access to the Internet. It encourages the State Department, USAID, and the Peace Corps to focus on Internet access as a diplomatic and developmental priority; and it states clearly, expanding Internet access, especially in the developing world, is an American foreign policy priority. I applaud Chairman ROYCE for doing this, and I am glad to support this measure. I want to also thank two staff persons for their hard work: Nilmini Rubin on the majority’s staff, and Janice Kaguyutan on our side. They both worked very, very hard, and I think they deserve special mention. So I urge all my colleagues to support this very important bill. I, again, commend Chairman ROYCE for working so hard on it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As I said before, the way the Internet has changed the world would have been hard to believe just a few decades ago. It would also have been hard to believe that we would be thinking of the Internet as a foreign policy priority, but we can and we should. Today, we know that the Internet has driven so much of the interconnectedness that we now see across the global landscape, so it is important that our foreign policy keep up with these changes. We want to see this tool used in a positive way by as many people as possible, while guarding against abuses or exploitation by those who mean to harm us. This bill helps us move in the right direction. Again, I am grateful to the chairman for bringing it forward. I am glad to support it. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to thank the cosponsors of the Digital GAP Act who helped me with this legislation, and the first among them is Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL , and then also C ATHY MCMORRIS  RODGERS , Representative G RACE MENG, and Chairman MCCAUL for their collaboration on this bill. The Digital GAP Act would increase Internet access with a relatively minor communications change. It would require that the United Statessupported infrastructure projects are made transparent so that the private sector can 
coordinate their investments in Internet infrastructure. This is a commonsense approach that we should implement now. The Digital GAP Act also expresses the sense of Congress that the State Department should elevate and reform its efforts to address cyberspace policy internationally. As technological policy issues multiply and as they become more complex, it is important to identify clear lines of responsibility at the State Department so that problems do not fall between the cracks of the many different offices that touch on these issues now. Cybersecurity, Internet freedom, and Internet access are now core parts of our national security agenda and need to be treated as such by the State Department. Lastly, I will simply close by again recognizing the work of Nilmini Rubin on this legislation. She has been with the committee for over 3 years. She has done outstanding work on technology and trade and other issues promoting development worldwide. Nilmini will be leaving us and will be greatly missed, but she will be continuing to do impressive and important things, improving lives overseas and improving the welfare of Americans. Thank you, Nilmini. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HILL). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5537, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AGOA ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2845) to promote access to benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2845 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just begin by thanking Congresswoman BASS for her important work on this initiative. I am proud to have been part of the African Growth and Opportunity Act coalition. I have been part of that coalition since 2000, when we wrote the original bill. I would also just recognize Tom Sheehy for his contribution on this, our professional staff member. But AGOA allows African countries that respect the rule of law and respect free market principles to export many goods to the United States on a duty free basis. The program has boosted Africa’s economic growth, and especially benefiting women. I can tell you from my trips there and seeing the results, it has strengthened the trade relationship between the United States and Africa, which is several multiples today of what it was when the bill was originally passed. When Congress reauthorized AGOA earlier this year, I successfully pressed, along with my colleague Congresswoman KAREN BASS, for a 10year extension; and this extension will provide 
U.S. and African businesses the certainty needed to build supply chains and deepen their strong trade relationships. b1745 I also championed, as well as KAREN  BASS, the inclusion of country strategies in AGOA’s reauthorization so that African countries could identify and make policy reforms to help them boost trade and take advantage of AGOA’s provisions. This bill, the AGOA Enhancement Act, includes important measures that seek, thus, to improve trade capacity building, to increase the ability of African companies to export to the United States and improve trade facilitation, to help remove the bureaucratic barriers and the needless red tape that thwarts trade. So this bill would, first, grant more flexibility to the Millennium Challenge Corporation—a U.S. development agency—to support regional efforts to bolster trade; leveraging the Internet so that companies on both sides of the Atlantic can learn about how to utilize AGOA; and foster U.S.African private sector engagement. It will put the trade hubs online, giving African businesses that are not near the existing trade hubs the information that they need to send their exports to the United States. And, lastly, this bill will increase transparency of the pledges and results made by the U.S. and African leaders at the AGOA Forum, an annual meeting of government and business leaders looking to increase U.S.Africa trade. So with these measures, we can help African countries and businesses fully utilize the benefits offered through AGOA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 2, 2016. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 2845, the AGOA Enhancement Act, and for deciding to forgo a sequential referral request on that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2845 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 6, 2016. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE , I am writing with respect to H.R. 2845, the ‘‘AGOA Enhancement Act of 2015.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on this legislation, I agree not to request a sequential referral on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing formal consideration of H.R. 2845, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2845, the AGOA Enhancement Act of 2015. This critical bill complements, supports, and empowers the reauthorized African Growth and Opportunity Act that was passed into law last June. I want to thank Ranking Member ENGEL , Chairman R OYCE , and Speaker RYANfor their leadership on this. I also believe in the last piece of legislation I heard the chairman say that Nilmini Rubin is leaving us. I am very disappointed to hear that, but I do want to really compliment her for all of her efforts not just on AGOA, but also on the piece of legislation that we just passed. She will be sorely missed. I also want to compliment Margot Sullivan, who worked many, many, many hours on AGOA that we reauthorized as well as the AGOA Enhancement Act. By way of background, AGOA is the foundation of the U.S.Africa economic platform. AGOA, a trade preference program, can help to grow and stabilize jobs in eligible participating countries throughout SubSaharan Africa and in the U.S. AGOA has definitely helped to increase African exports to the U.S., and it has also helped to raise Africa’s economic profile in this country. Further, AGOA has helped maintain and increase employment, generating approximately 350,000 direct jobs and 1 million indirect jobs in SubSaharan Africa and approximately 100,000 jobs in the U.S. With the tremendous potential of a growing middle class in several African countries, plus the growth of regional economic communities on the continent, Africa has become one of the most dynamic global marketplaces. Why? Because each of these regional economic communities encompasses a number of countries that are evolving into regional economic powerhouses with huge markets of millions of upwardly mobile populations interested in quality goods and services. This is why SubSaharan Africa is currently one of the most dynamic global marketplaces. Countries such as China, India, Turkey, and the European Union recognize that doing business with Africa is increasingly critical and good for their bottom lines. Ironically, most African countries look to the U.S. to play a leading role in trade and investment with SubSaharan Africa, yet we hear repeatedly from officials, business people, and academics from the region, that while several African countries do considerable business with other countries, they do so because these countries are seeking to do business with Africa. These same observers note candidly that U.S. products, maintenance arrangements, and capacity building opportunities are by far more superior. It is with these experiences in mind that AGOA stakeholders in the House under the leadership of Chairman ROYCE and others supported the reauthorization of AGOA last year. This is also why the passage of the AGOA Enhancement Act—which strongly complements reauthorized AGOA—is equally as important. While the reauthorization is for 10 years, this was a giant step in the right direction. AGOA cannot live up to its full potential or be implemented as effectively as it must be without complementary legislation. AGOA will benefit from this complementary legislation as it has benefited from a host of initiatives such as the administration’s signature Power Africa initiative and Feed the Future initiative, just to name a few. Arguably, AGOA cannot be fully effective without an increase in access to electricity in SubSaharan Africa. Chairman ROYCE led the effort to pass Electrify Africa and proactively called for a multiyear strategy to assist countries in SubSaharan Africa address the power deficit. Africa’s expanding cities and rural areas need access to considerable and reliable sources of electricity. Feed the Future is also central to building opportunity and development throughout the region. This innovative program helps to support critical food security in several nations by supporting family enterprises and by supporting smallholder farmers. Local farmers are able to lower risks to their farms, increasing yield and productivity and address threats posed by droughts, floods, and other natural disasters. The AGOA Enhancement Act helps to implement a more effective AGOA as it calls for the administration to establish an AGOA Web site to inform eligible AGOAparticipating countries 
about critical information and technical assistance. H.R. 2845 also encourages the administration to support regional trade development in SubSaharan Africa by facilitating transboundary trade and providing crucial capacity building skills for entrepreneurs. One of the most important aspects of H.R. 2845 was originally a separate piece of legislation that I authored and is now included that enables eligible countries with Millennium Challenge Corporation compacts in good standing to enter simultaneously into one additional compact if the country is making considerable progress toward implementing the terms of the existing compacts. The other piece of this is that compacts can be used for regional economic integration. An example of MCC projects, I was recently in Liberia, and Liberia has an energy project that totals $201 million that will provide a new hydropower turbine to an existing facility, provide training to Liberia Economic Corporation employees, and help establish an independent regulator. In summary, by the establishment of an AGOA Web site, the prioritization of capacity training, and by encouraging greater regional economic integration, H.R. 2845 helps to promote and develop a stronger economic relationship between SubSaharan Africa and the United States, creating increased jobs and a winwin for both. Once again, I thank Chairman ROYCE  for his distinguished leadership on this crucial issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I see the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL) on the floor, also one of the original authors of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, along with Chairman CHRIS SMITH and Ranking Member KAREN BASS, one of the most engaged on initiatives to put Africa on the map for U.S. trade and investment. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Right, and International Organizations Subcommittee, and I thank him for his assistance with this legislation. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership on AGOA in general. I thank KAREN BASS, who has worked doggedly for years, last year for the reauthorization. I see Mr. MCDERMOTT , who has also been so active over the years on this and critical to its passage at the beginning. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2845, the AGOA Enhancement Act. When the African Growth and Opportunity Act was enacted into law in May of 2000, it was intended to help eligible SubSaharan African countries increase economic growth by providing dutyfree, quotafree access to U.S. markets for more than 6,400 items from meats to textiles and apparel, to petroleum, to leather goods. Because there were issues that needed to be addressed to enable AGOA to be more effective as intended, Congress has finetuned this important legislation since then and made adjustments several times to facilitate African exports to the United States. H.R. 2845 is the latest noble effort to make AGOA work for more African producers primarily by enhancing the technical assistance and information provided to African producers, including the establishment of a Web site to provide this information. People need to know what is available and how they can access this important treaty and its subsidies. The bill further allows for countries with the Millennium Challenge account grants to foster regional economic integration. It also targets interAfrica trade, which is still less than 10 percent of all Africa international trade. My colleagues have explained other aspects of the bill in great detail, so I won’t be redundant. But extending AGOA as we did in the last Congress was a laudable achievement but will not have the full intended effect if African producers have limited information or abilities to effectively take advantage of international trade opportunity. This is a job creator both in Africa and in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his authorship. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I also wanted to recognize the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ). Mr. JIMMCDERMOTT was also one of the original authors of the AGOA legislation. He worked for many, many years to see it come to fruition. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I have to say that Mr. RANGEL is one of the lions in this House. I have had the honor of serving with him for the last 6 years. He knows I am upset with him because he is choosing to retire. When I came here and really wanted to work on African issues, I sought out those two gentlemen, both Mr. RANGEL and Mr. MCDERMOTT . I knew of their legacy. I knew of the work that they had done. I went to Mr. RANGEL , and I told him I wanted to get involved in the reauthorization of AGOA and would he help me. We sat on the floor over there. He called over a bunch of Members and told them what I wanted to do, and the gentleman ordered them all to help me. We worked on it and were able to get it done. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL). (Mr. RANGEL asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, as I spend my final hours in this august body, I think of all of the fond memories that I have enjoyed. I guess during these political times, one of the things that I am enjoying the most today is shattering the myth that Republicans and Democrats really can’t work with each other. Chairman ROYCE has indicated a concern for the world and the country, which shatters the myth that parties can’t work together for the good of the United States of America. Certainly my colleague from New York, ELIOT ENGEL , and the chairman have proven that in working together. Yes, when Ms. BASSfirst came to the Congress, she didn’t come as an ordinary freshman. She had earned her stripes in the legislature of California, indeed was the speaker. I was a little shocked when she was trying to get support for her legislative committees that her interests would be foster care and Africa. That is unusual, but it is an indication of a person who comes here to this body with the type of commitment that makes you proud to be a Member of Congress and more proud even to be an American. There could be some connection between foster care and Africa because if there was any continent that has been treated as a foster child, it has been the developing countries in Africa. Of course, I see an oldtimer sitting there with his white hair, JIM MCDERMOTT . I can wonder whether or not as a Peace Corps volunteer in Africa, whether among his fondest dreams, that he would be a Member of the House and creating a climate where people have dignity and pride and be able to be a part of the world rather than just being a resource for stronger countries. b1800 I can think of nobody that has brought more to the committee than Mr. WILLIAMS and Rosa Whitfield in working with Mr. Gingrich, in working with Mr. Crane, in working with Republicans, and how the leadership not only was able to get their sides but to see how the African Diplomatic Corps actually became the strongest lobbying force that we have had in the Congress as they found themselves pioneers in dealing with our great country that they loved so much and really had no understanding of why they didn’t seem to be on our agenda. With AGOA, we knew it was just the beginning, we knew it was an opportunity. We take pride in the success that it has had, but we also know how far they had to come from behind. This enhancement piece of legislation has a lot of fancy words, but it sends out words to our embassies that this is American foreign policy. You don’t just read the words. Make it work. Whether it is with the Millennium Challenge Corporation, whether it is with AID, whether it is giving information, whether it is helping them out, whether it is teaching them to learn, it is bringing them into the international trade. And what does it do? Is this a bill that just helped people in Africa escape poverty and disease? No. It helps the 
United States, and it helps the world. It helps people to be able to trade with each other, to talk with each other, to understand each other, and have compassion for each other. What a wonderful opportunity it is for the United States of America to look at a country that is struggling to enjoy the things that we believe in, to find out that now they don’t have to lobby for it. Republicans and Democrats want what is best for the United States of America, and the developing countries in Africa need us so badly. There are a lot of reasons why I regret that I have to leave the Congress and retire to go back home, but knowing that I leave behind such people who are so dedicated, that are willing to go to the other party and give up a lot of their capital to make certain that the small countries in Africa appreciate the fact that we consider them an important part not only of our trade policy, our foreign policy, but, indeed, the policy of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. BASSfor the opportunity to express myself on this most important issue. And I thank JIMMCDERMOTT , who will be leaving— I don’t know whether he is going back to Africa, but he won’t be going back as a Peace Corps volunteer, I will tell you that. I thank him for his friendship. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned before, I have had the honor of serving with Mr. MCDERMOTT for the last 6 years, knowing that he was a Peace Corps volunteer in Africa. He was the one that led the effort around conflict minerals, something many people were concerned about in the country. They even made movies about the subject and all of the havoc that was wrought in many African countries because of conflict minerals. And also my work with him on child welfare issues and his legacy on both of those issues. I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ). (Mr. MCDERMOTT asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, it is kind of awesome to become a myth in your own time. I was not a Peace Corps volunteer. I was in Africa in 1961 before the Peace Corps ever existed. When we were in Ghana in 1961, the first Peace Corps volunteers arrived, so I was there when it all started. I also want to remind you—when you know the history of something, it is kind of interesting to listen to it—this started in 1995. We put a bill in and, actually, Speaker Gingrich got it out of the House. It passed the House in 2000. We couldn’t get it through the Senate. It had to come back under Mr. Bush. Then we finally got it through the House and the Senate, and it became law. It has been an issue that everyone recognizes something needs to be done. As I look at this bill today, I read some of the language that the President is directed to provide training for business and government trade officials, provide capacity building for entrepreneurs and trade associations, and promote diversification of African products. Now, I don’t know how many bills I have seen that in. What is missing here, unfortunately, in my view—I am going to support the bill, and the ideas of it are great, but what has been missing ever since 1995 or 2000 has been a commitment of the resources to actually help the Africans figure out how to use our system. I can give you one example. There are shrimp all over the coastline. Now, why don’t shrimp from Africa come into the United States? Because they can’t pass the phytosanitary rules of our government. We won’t let food come into this country that we think will be problematic for our people. So if we are going to actually help the Africans—we tried several times to get the Department of Agriculture to base people in some of the places along the coast, Senegal and some other places, in order to give them the instructions necessary to be able to bring those products in. What I hope will happen— and CHARLIE RANGEL and I are going to leave the scene, and we did everything we could during the time we were here—for the rest of you, you have got to put some money in, put some money down on the ground. I had a project in one of the bills. Lions are a huge issue in Africa. If you want to have lions, and you want to have people go out and hunt them, well, if you kill a lion, it is only worth $800. But if you leave a lion there for tourism purposes, it is worth $50,000. So we have encouraged these countries to get the poachers to become game wardens and the women to run B&Bs out there, so we would have tourism which would bring foreign exchange into Africa to give them the ability to invest and do more. An epidemic of tuberculosis occurred in the African lions. There were only two people in all of Africa who had ever dealt with a big game animal, so we thought, let’s start a school; we will start a veterinary school. We couldn’t get the money. There are a lot of things that we could do with very small amounts of money in terms of helping them develop the capacity because the bill is filled with this capacity building. Give them the opportunity to develop capacity. But sometimes it takes a small investment on our part, and that is really what I hope will come. Maybe the bill will pass and then we can get a little bit of money into the Foreign Operations appropriations act and use it for that kind of program. I think this is a work in progress. It won’t be done when I leave and CHARLIEleaves. I remember the first meeting CHARLIE and I had with the ambassadors from all of Africa. Nobody thought that it would ever happen. So we called them all up and said: Do you want to trade or do you want aid? They said: We want trade. We said: Okay. Come in here, in the office, and sign a paper. We got them to sign a paper where they all asked the President of the United States to give them a trade act. That is the only time it has ever occurred around here that I know of. So it has been there, and it has gradually developed, but more slowly than it could have. I hope that we will pass it and the message will get to the appropriators that a little bit of money could make this go a long way. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. MCDERMOTT leaves, I will take his comments as my marching orders for what I am supposed to do in the next session, so I thank him very much. I would urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2845. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I have been to the factories across Africa, and I have seen the women employed. I have seen how AGOA is improving economies in Africa. AGOA is making a difference and could have even more impact on the continent if the measures included in this AGOA Enhancement Act are implemented. This bill improves how we offer assistance through the Millennium Challenge Corporation to increase the ability of people in Africa to trade, and helping cut the bureaucratic barriers and needless red tape that thwarts trade. This bill helps unlock the potential of AGOA so that people in Africa can strengthen their markets, and so Americans can improve trade relationships with countries in Africa. And yes, it has been slow going, slow progress. We have gotten a few more staffed positions from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, a few more ag inspectors positioned there. And JIMMCDERMOTT is right, we need to do more. We have been slow going, but we have more foreign commercial service officers now in these positions in AGOA. In 2 weeks’ time, we will have the AGOA forum. We will again be bringing these issues up. In the following session, the effort will continue, as JIM MCDERMOTT laid it out, to see this through and to try to make AGOA as effective as we possibly can. In the interim, this legislation is a big step in the right direction. I really want to thank not only Congresswoman KAREN BASS, but also my colleagues from their original efforts, CHARLIE RANGEL and J IMMCDERMOTT , and urge a unanimous vote, again, in support of the extension of AGOA. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. 
ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2845, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
b1815 FEDERAL LANDS POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, our Natural Resources Committee—and great work from the Natural Resources Committee’s staff—has been trying to get a handle on just how much land the United States—the Federal Government—has taken over. West of the Mississippi, it is absolutely extraordinary. Now, we have heard in recent months and over the last few years of incidents in which landowners, according to the media, just went off and did something crazy, overreacted—maybe had a gun—but it bears looking into what the Federal Government has been doing to the landowners, to the local governments, to the State governments in the Western United States. Our committee has been able to pull together maps that show just how much Federal Government property we have. On this, we have the Bureau of Indian Affairs showing in these burgundy, or maroon, areas. These are areas in the West that the Bureau of Indian Affairs is in charge of. When we look at the next map here, added to that of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, we have the Bureau of Land Management. Those are these areas here, the pale color, the soft orange. It is 247.3 million acres. That would be larger than Arizona, plus Iowa, plus Colorado, plus Nevada all put together that is owned by the Bureau of Land Management—those are all of these kind of light orange areas—all the way up here, into Montana. It is just extraordinary, when you look at Nevada, how much land the State of Nevada and the citizens of Nevada control and how much the Bureau of Land Management controls. Absolutely extraordinary. We run into the same thing here just north of California and getting into Oregon and over into Idaho, Colorado, Wyoming. It is just incredible. Then the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service gets some of their land in here. Then you also have the United States Forest Service. Those are these green areas. They have got a lot of California, a lot of Oregon, Washington, Idaho. You have got Montana, Wyoming, Colorado, right on down. You have got even Arizona and New Mexico. Extraordinary. That is this light green area. Then you have the national parks. Oh, by the way, the Forest Service has 197.1 million acres. Twice the size of Montana is what the U.S. Forest Service has. The U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service has 89.1 million acres. That is larger than Utah and North Carolina put together. The national parks have 84 million acres. That is larger than New Mexico and New Hampshire put together. Then there are other agencies. We add on the Department of Energy, the Department of Transportation, the TVA, the Bureau of Reclamation—extraordinary. When you look at how much land is white—meaning that belongs to State, local, or private owners—and how much is owned by the Federal Government, you begin to think, perhaps, the Soviet Union didn’t disappear and that the Soviet Union is now in the Western United States when a government controls that much of what used to be private property, much of it. We look at the next map, and we are adding on another overlay. With this one, we have the endangered species’ critical habitat. That is for 704 species of plants and animals. I know, in my district, we have two plants that grow wild, and they are all over the place. They were notified that they are now listed as threatened, and my local governments are already suffering because of the Federal land, the national forests. They get no tax money. They are not getting revenue. The Federal Government is not producing the renewable resource of timber off of them anymore. Then they get notified that they have got a couple of threatened plants with critical habitats there. The local government was saying: Wait a minute. These things are everywhere. These plants are all over the place. Look, we have got pictures. They are all over the place. You can find them anywhere. What does the Federal Government say? Yes, but we have a scientific study that says they are threatened. We don’t care if you have got pictures that show they are everywhere. That is not scientific, because we had somebody in a cubicle in a little office, who never went to those areas, and he says they are threatened, so we are going to say they are threatened. You people who live in that area and who took pictures of them everywhere must not know what you are talking about. Wilderness areas, we have got 765 wilderness areas on Federal land. That is 109 million acres in 44 States. Then we have the Clean Air Act and Class I areas also added in here. Then, on our last map here, we have added on the wetlands—110.1 million acres are subject to section 404 regulations of the Clean Water Act—and marine protected areas. There are 13 marine sanctuary areas in more than 170,000 square miles of waters. Then you have got the Outer Continental Shelf at 1.712 billion acres. We will add this additional map. We have added Wild and Scenic Rivers. There are 12,709 miles of 208 rivers— amazing—that are managed by BLM, the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, and the Forest Service. Then we have 49 heritage areas in 32 States. It is absolutely extraordinary. When you look at all of the overlays of federally owned controlled land, there is just not much left there. Now, I love the idea that our chairman, ROBBISHOP , had for a bill. How about if we don’t allow the Federal Government to get any more land—to take over any more land—west of the Mississippi until 10 percent of all of the land east of Mississippi is owned by the Federal Government? That might slow things down with the people who are east of the Mississippi starting to have to lose their private property as the Federal Government takes up more and more. I am pleased to be joined by the gentleman from California. He knows California as well as anybody in the country, certainly better, probably, than the current Governor. I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I particularly want to thank Congressman GOHMERT  for organizing this discussion on Federal lands policy and for his highlighting of the Federal Footprint Map. You can find that at naturalresources.house.gov/ federalfootprint or just Google ‘‘Federal Footprint.’’ When you do, you will have a complete picture of how much land the Federal Government owns and how much of your State and your community is affected. It may surprise you. For example, the Federal Government owns just seventenths of 1 percent of the entire State of New York. It owns just 1.1 percent of the State of Illinois. It owns just 1.8 percent of the State of Texas; but then go further west, and you will see the reason for the Western revolt. The Federal Government owns and controls 62 percent of the State of Alaska. It owns and 
controls twothirds of the State of Utah and 81 percent of the State of Nevada. In my home State of California, the Federal Government owns nearly half; 48 percent is Federal land. In one county in my district, Alpine County, the Federal Government owns 93 percent of the land. If you are not from one of the Western States, you need to understand what that means. That is all land that is completely off the local tax rolls. That is land that carries increasingly severe restrictions on public use and access, which means it is generating very little economic activity to these regions; and, often, Federal ownership means that Federal land use policies are in direct contravention to the wishes of the local communities that are entangled with it. Recently, the Natural Resources Committee held a field hearing in north Las Vegas at the request of Congressman CRESENT HARDY . Now, if you have ever flown into Las Vegas, you know how vast are the empty and unutilized lands of Nevada, stretching as far as the horizon. Yet the local leaders there all complained of how the region’s economy suffers from a great shortage of land—land for homes and shops, for businesses and infrastructure. What an irony and what a commentary about the harm that is being done by the decisions of our Federal land managers. More than a century ago, we began setting aside the most beautiful lands in the Nation for the ‘‘use, resort, and recreation’’ of the American people. That was the wording of the original Yosemite Land Grant that was signed by Abraham Lincoln in 1864; but somewhere along the way, public ‘‘use, resort, and recreation’’ became ‘‘look, but don’t touch,’’ and the Federal Government became indiscriminate and voracious in the amount of land under its direct control. As I said, my congressional district is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada. Common complaints from my constituents and from local government officials range from abusive Federal regulatory enforcement to inflated fees that have forced families to abandon cabins they have held for generations, exorbitant new fees that are closing down longestablished community events, road closures, and the arbitrary denial of grazing permits for family ranchers who go back generations on that land. A small town in my district that is trying to install a $2 million spillway gate for their reservoir was just given a $6 million estimate from the Forest Service just to relocate a hiking trail and a handful of campsites. Let me relate one quick story of what it means to be entangled in this Federal morass that came to me from the sheriff of Plumas County, which is just outside of my district. An elderly couple goes horseback riding near their home. They come across an old horseshoe. The wife picks it up, and an ambitious, young Forest Service official saw her pick it up. The next thing they knew, six armed Federal law enforcement officers descended upon their home. They tore it apart and, ultimately, prosecuted this elderly couple for removing the horseshoe, charging them criminally with stealing from the Federal Government. Ultimately, the Federal judge dismissed the charges and chastised the officials who were responsible for this travesty, but only after this couple had gone through hell. Ask yourself how your local economy would fare if the Federal Government owned 93 percent of the land in your county, forbade or greatly restricted any economic activity on it, and ignored the pleas of your local city council or county board. b1830 In my district, the Federal Government consigned our forests to a policy of benign neglect. We now have, roughly, four times more trees per acre than the land can support. In this overcrowded and stressed condition, the trees can no longer resist the drought and beetle infestation. Today, an estimated 85 percent of the pine trees in the Sierra National Forest—that is adjacent to Yosemite National Park—are dead. And I am talking about ChristmastreeinJuly dead just waiting to be consumed by catastrophic fire. The National Park Service estimates it is facing more than $12 billion of maintenance backlog, yet we keep adding to the Federal holdings that we can’t take care of now. That is why the Federal footprint map is so important to understand and why fundamental reform of our land use policy is of paramount importance. Now, the Federal Lands Subcommittee has three principal goals: to restore public access to the public lands, to restore sound management to the public lands, and to restore the Federal Government as a good neighbor to those communities most impacted by the Federal lands. But overarching all of these imperatives is the simple fact that excessive Federal land ownership in the West has become a stultifying drag on our economies and a direct impediment to our ability to take good care of our public lands. I thought Congressman GOHMERT put it best in a subcommittee hearing we held almost 2 years ago now when he compared the Federal Government’s land use policies to the old miser whose great mansion has become the town eyesore—overgrown with weeds, paint peeling, roof dilapidated, broken windows—while the old miser spends all of his time and money plotting how he can buy his neighbor’s land. There needs to be a proper balance between Federal ownership, State and local stewardship, and the productive private ownership of the lands. One look at the Federal footprint map should warn even the most casual observers that we have lost that balance and that we need to restore it. I, again, thank the gentleman from Texas for organizing this time today and for yielding time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) so much for his indepth observations. I yield to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), who knows a great deal about this situation. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas. Again, I appreciate the comments of the gentleman from California. I am sure most of you have seen this chart, but the color red designates the Federal ownership of land. So you can see some of the statistics that were quoted by the gentleman from California that, in the Eastern part of the U.S.—and it begins at New Mexico, Colorado, Wyoming, and Montana—is where the great mass of Federal lands come into play. You might ask why? These are the States that came in after Teddy Roosevelt was President. So in the early 1900s, he began the policy of holding many of the lands that were supposed to be given back to the States. He wanted the large national parks that we were many times enamored with, the large national forests. But they go beyond that. And that going beyond, that holding of land that has productive use but will not be used productively by the government, is the great source of economic problems in the West. Now, in New Mexico, which is the State here, we have many national forests in the areas covered with red. At one point, New Mexico had 123 mills that were processing timber that were cut out of our national forests. So 20 or 30 years ago, the Fish and Wildlife Service said that we have to protect the spotted owl and logging is the problem. They killed 85 percent of the timber industry nationwide. They killed those jobs nationwide. In New Mexico, of the 123 mills that we had processing timber at one point, we have closed 122 of them. So imagine these rural communities up in the mountains of a sparsely populated State, they have no economic basis now that the Forest Service has shut these mills down. By the way, about 3 years ago, they came out with a finding that logging was never the problem. So economic devastation occurred in the areas where the national forest had stopped all logging for a lie that had come from the Fish and Wildlife Service. So people in the West are understandably irritated, they are angry, and they are mad because their way of life has disappeared in these logging communities. But it goes much further beyond that. A couple of years ago, the Forest Service took a look at the grazing allotments in one of the forests and said: ‘‘Oh, we have got to eliminate you 17 ranchers.’’ We asked later if they would show us the science which said they have to get 
the people off. They showed me a picture of an orange, 5gallon can turned upsidedown in the forest and said: ‘‘Look, the grass height is not high enough.’’ I began to ridicule their orangebucket science in public. It embarrassed them tremendously. Meanwhile, we asked the scientists at New Mexico State University to come and study the grazing and the height of the grass, and they said it is probably at historic heights. So we got involved in the issue. All the ranchers were eventually reinstated into their allotments, but these are private property rights. The allotments are things that have been purchased and sometimes passed along from generation to generation. Those private property rights, constitutional rights, were removed with no reason, with no understanding of what they are doing from a Forest Service that was arrogant with its power. Again, you see the effect on our economy. New Mexico is one of the lowest economies in the U.S.’s 50 States. So to find the U.S. Government at odds with the jobs in the State in this rural area just does not make sense to most people. So you find this budding anger across the entire West because the same policies affect everyone out there. Right now, we have a situation where one family has been fighting the U.S. Forest Service for their water rights. The court said the water rights belong to them. The Forest Service responded by putting a fence around the 23 acres. And they said: ‘‘Well, it may be his water, but it is our 23 acres surrounding the water.’’ The rancher went back to the courts. The courts said, over a period of time, he does not have a right to walk his cows on their 23 acres, but he does have the right to move the water from the 23 acres to his cows. The Forest Service responded by electrifying the fence. Now, our office has been engaged for 12 years trying to get some reasonable understandings between the rancher and the Forest Service, but it, again, is this arrogance that is willing to drive one of the largest ranchers in that area out of business over something that is, to most people, not understandable. We continue to analyze the effect, again, of these big red areas in our States. And at the end of the day, the most pressure is put on the Western schools. Now, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) has done a magnificent study showing that the schools in these States are 20 percent below in funding all of the States in the rest of the country. So at the end of the day, the problem beyond the tax base, the problem beyond the jobs, the problem is in our schools that are starved for resources because we have no tax base on which to fund the schools and which to fund the local governments. So as you look at these footprints of the Federal Government ownership in the West, understand the trauma that it brings to us in our schools, in our jobs, and in our way of life. It is time for the U.S. Government to change its policies. It is time for the U.S. Government to begin to deal with the fact that people need to raise families in rural States, they need the access to good schools, and we need to be able to access the land which they are currently curtailing at an amazing rate. So that is the perspective from New Mexico on the ownership of Federal lands. Again, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for his leadership on this issue. I thank him for the time that he has yielded to us on this particular subject matter. I would, again, state that we can do better and we must do better. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). So often we hear from people here on this floor from the other side of the aisle talking about how much they care about the children, for the children, for the children. And I know, in my district, we have counties that have national forests. There is no tax base, as Mr. PEARCE points out. You can’t tax it when they are not producing the renewable resource of timber. These aren’t sequoias. These are not redwoods. These are just pine trees that grow back every 15 or 20 years or so. And the schools are hurting, the local governments are hurting, but the children suffer because of the Federal Government’s usurping the land, failing to utilize it, and leaving people high and dry. We had a hearing. I learned a lot, and I was pleased that my friend, Mr. HARDY , had requested the hearing because I learned a lot. I yield to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ). Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the great State of Texas for yielding me the time. Nowhere are the challenges of the Federal land mismanagement more evident than in Nevada, where more than 85 percent of our State is controlled by the Federal Government. Land management is an issue that affects all Nevadans, both urban and rural. That is why I was proud to have the opportunity to hold a Natural Resources Committee field hearing in my district examining the unique challenges facing southern Nevada communities. At the hearing, we heard from local agencies, a nonprofit organization, a university professor, a private sector trade association, and the Federal Government. By bringing all of these different stakeholders to the table at once, one thing became abundantly clear: the status quo Federal land management isn’t working, and we need to do something about it. If we fail to act, we will not only harm the quality of life for our constituents, but we will also be endangering the public safety. I would like to highlight a few examples that were raised at this field hearing and expose the stark reality. First, we had a chief engineer for the Clark County Regional Flood Control District testify that erroneous BLM requirements prevent the county officials from removing excess sediment and debris from detention basins after desert flash floods. It is amazing that you would have to ask the Federal Government to return to clean out debris where you have already done EISes and NEPA reports; that you can’t go remove it before the next flood comes. Anybody that knows the desert southwest knows that we don’t get much rain, but when we get it, we get it all at once. In our area, we can have 31⁄2inches of annual rainfall, but it can all come in a couple of floods. And if we don’t get those detention basins cleaned, we have the stark reality of shirking the responsibility of local governments and the county governments by protecting for the life, safety, and health of the citizens that are the taxpayers. He also stated that these aggressively lengthy and convoluted Federal processes poses a significant public safety issue in the event of future floods. Next we heard from a board member of the Opportunity Village, a community organization that serves thousands of people with intellectual disabilities. She emphasized the need of making affordable land available for important public purposes, including those carried out by qualified nonprofit organizations. According to her testimony, the fundraising dollars of charitable community organizations would be better off spent applied directly to their mission and the people they serve instead of going into the coffers of the Federal bureaucracy. Unfortunately, these charities are forced to expend their limited dollars to acquire the land from the Federal Government. So you see that the current Federal land management is preventing communities like ours in southern Nevada from carrying out some of their most important responsibilities, like public safety and helping individuals with disabilities. Those of us on the committee, including my colleague from Texas, firmly believe that there is a better way forward to protect our public lands and natural heritage while allowing the communities to thrive. If we want to grow and diversify our economy to support a growing and diverse population in Nevada, we cannot afford to stand still. As Nevada continues to change, so, too, must our land management. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for leading this important conversation on the Federal footprint out West. b1845 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Nevada. It was quite a learning experience, and it was 
amazing to hear testimony about the Federal Government not only not being helpful when ditches needed to be cleaned out to prevent massive flooding problems, but actually being a bigger problem than the floods themselves. At this time, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ), my dear friend, who is going to be severely missed come next year. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas. Texas is a State that has very little Federal land. And the fact that he took the reins as subcommittee chairman for the Committee on Natural Resources Subcommittee on Oversight and has taken such an active interest in this issue is something for which those of us from the public lands States in the West are very grateful. Thank you very much, Mr. GOHMERT . Now, what does this mean on the ground? What we have told you tonight is roughly 640 million acres of this country, or about 30 percent—1 in 3 acres in this country—are owned by the Federal Government. So we have gotten that far. We have also told you that there are a variety of Federal agencies that own this land. The biggest one is the Bureau of Land Management, BLM, which is under the umbrella of the Department of the Interior. The BLM manages about 250 million acres, and 99.9 percent of that BLM land is in the 11 Western States and Alaska. So this is an agency that really doesn’t deal with 38 of the States. It only deals with 12. But those States are so dramatically affected by this agency, if you combine those 250 million acres, roughly, that BLM manages, that is like the States of Colorado, Arizona, Nevada, and Iowa combined. It is a huge geographic area. It is not taxed. It is off the property tax rolls. So that is why our schools and other public services in our 11 Western States and Alaska are so impacted by the presence of BLM land. We are given payments in lieu of taxes, but they are not the equivalent of getting taxes, and they are certainly not something that we can count on every year. Some years Congress gives PILT money and some years it does not, so it is not a reliable source of revenue for these States. Yet they are tremendously impacted by these lands. The science has changed so much, but our statutory scheme in managing these lands has not caught up to the better science that we have today. For example, let’s look at this picture. I hope you can see it from where you are sitting. Some of the brownish areas are land that has not been logged. The trees are clogged close together. They have small diameters. They are competing for moisture, for root space, for the nutrients in the soil. Because they are so crowded together, they become less healthy. Bark beetles and other forest killers are killing them out. So what you are seeing here in the crammed areas is unhealthy forests that have not been logged. Now, what you are seeing in these green, beautiful areas has been logged. So what has happened there? There has been selective logging. It has been done with the natural contours of the landscape. It has been done in the high ground, so you can keep some high mountain meadows that help keep snow and a source of grass growing below the tree canopy for wildlife, hopefully keeping them in the high country longer in the year. Furthermore, those trees can breathe; they are better resistant to disease; they are healthier and better resistant to fires. One of the big consequences of having overcrowded, unhealthy, unlogged forests is these massive wildfires that we have been having these last few years. That is bad public policy that was probably generated by people who were well intentioned, who thought that we were overlogging, so their viewpoint was to quit logging, when, in fact, that made matters worse. Instead of quitting logging, we should have been more selective and more careful using silviculture techniques and horticulture techniques that have been proven in the 21st century. Let’s look at grazing, which is a more common use of BLM land. What we have found—and I strongly encourage you to go listen to this TED Talk. If you have ever listened to a TED Talk, this is one of the best ones I have ever heard by a man named Allan Savory. So get on TED Talks, go to Allan Savory, and you will finally understand what I have been saying here for 8 years about 21st century grazing practices. As it happens, Allan Savory, who is probably the preeminent global expert on grazing, has his ranch in Zimbabwe, and the areas that he was working in Zimbabwe were horribly, horribly eroded. They attributed it to overgrazing. They were worried that there were too many elephants, so they did a massive killing off of thousands of elephants, only to find out that was not the cause. When they changed their grazing practices and put four times as many splithoofed animals, meaning cattle or sheep or goats, on that land and herded them, it actually made the grass healthier. Grass grew back in stronger stands of grass. They sequester more carbon, so it is good for carbon capture and sequestration, and the grass stands were healthier. Eroded draws healed up; the grasses came back. These practices were brought to the United States. Interestingly, my family purchased some land on the ranch next door to us that had a Savory grazing system on it. It had 2,600 acres that were divided into 16 smaller pastures, with the water source in the middle, and we would move our cattle among these 16 small cells; and you would put all of them in one cell for a very short period of time, maybe 10 days, and they would graze that grass down to the nubs. They would eat the grass that was more palatable, but they would also eat the noxious weeds, and then you move them. So you continue to move them among these 16 cells on 2,600 acres. As we grazed that way, we found out that healthy stands of grass, palatable grass, good buffalo grass, short grass, prairie grasses were thriving. The noxious weeds were declining. The eroded draws were healing. There was more opportunity to sequester carbon. When you concentrate cattle into those small areas, their manure becomes a tremendously valuable source of fertilizer. The grass stand is healthier. This process was proven in Africa in grazing, and it is being done successfully all over the United States. Please go to the Allan Savory TED Talk. You will understand what I am saying. What he shows on that TED Talk, I have experienced on my own land. We should be doing that on BLM land. We have BLM land that is overgrazed, and some people come here to Congress and say, well, if you would just take cattle and sheep off the public lands, it is just being overgrazed, then we can have as many wild horses as we want. The problem with that is, wild horses have a solid hoof, so when they pound the ground with their solid hoof, they are compacting the soil. When it rains, it runs off instead of seeping into the soil. If you put cattle, goats, sheep, elk, deer, moose that have split hooves on that ground, they actually knead the soil with their hoof action, and it develops an opportunity for more of that rain to seep into the ground. It is a better grazing ungulate. We have learned all this recently. This is not 21st century science. This is late 20th century and now 21st century science. The problem is our statutes were passed in the 1970s when the thought was we should concentrate power and authority and public input into Washington, and we should make these grazing policies and forestry policies out of Washington because the people in the States can’t be trusted. They will overlog, and they will overgraze to line their pockets. You know, it is just not true anymore, but our statutes are stuck in a 1970s commandandcontrol scheme. So we need to update our statutes to reflect our greater understanding of logging and grazing and how mankind can actually benefit and sustain these resources and improve these resources well into the 21st century. We owe it to our children and grandchildren. I thank Mr. GOHMERT so much. Mr. GOHMERT. I thank my friend from Wyoming. Wellmade points. When you look at Wyoming on the map and you see just how much of it is colored, meaning how much is controlled by the Federal Government, how much is owned by the Federal Government— I think about the movie where one lawyer got upset because the judge kept interrupting, and the lawyer ultimately says: Well, Judge, if you are 
going to try my case, just don’t lose it for me. I think about that with regard to the Federal Government taking over all of this land. If you are going to take over our land, Federal Government, at least just don’t ruin it, which has been going on. In fact, what we have seen with the fund that has been used by the Department of the Interior to acquire more and more land, I think we may be $9, $10 billion behind in upkeep and maintenance of our national parks. Our Federal properties as facilities are declining. Where they are not getting proper repair, it is like, as Mr. MCCLINTOCK  mentioned, all they can see is, wow, we have got money, let’s get more land and more land and more land, and they are not properly taking care of what they have. At this time, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). He knows all about the problems the Federal Government continues to create and aggravate. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate my colleague, Mr. GOHMERT , once again for yielding to me on so many of these important topics that we have worked on together during my relatively short time here. This, of course, is very key to all of us in the West, and the reality of which needs to be pressed upon all the people of the country and all of our legislative colleagues across the country, especially on the East Coast that really can’t quite fathom how farreaching this is in Western States. So it is really a pleasure to be able to join with my other Western colleagues and Mr. GOHMERT who have spoken here tonight. We need to raise the awareness of yet another new map being released by the Committee on Natural Resources. Now, the map I am illustrating here, this actually breaks it down into a smaller size. This is the First Congressional District of California, this being Oregon up top and Nevada on the side, where you have that top corner there, which is part of a State that is owned approximately 45 percent by the Federal Government—actually, not by the Federal Government. It belongs to the people. It is the public’s land. Our neighboring State, Nevada, is approximately 84 percent Federal land. We know how poorly they are managed as we watch them go up in flames each summer. The visible result is that millions of acres in the West burn each year. The amount of timber and fuel reduction is done. You see most of that is done on private lands where they can actually go out and have the incentive to take care of their assets versus the other side, with U.S. Forest Service and BLM and others that don’t seem to be able to get out of their own tracks on the issue. For example, last year, 576,000 acres of Federal land burned in California— this is the public’s land—about 1.3 percent of all Federal land in the State. Even worse, fires which began on national forest lands burned hundreds of thousands of acres of private and State land as well where, as part of the strategy, the Federal Government was even resorting to a backfiresetting strategy on private lands, as they are doing right now to let it burn its way out. This happened partly up in my district in Siskiyou County right now, thousands of acres of private land backfired. We know that the Forest Service and National Park Service alone have a deferred maintenance backlog, by their own estimate, of over $16 billion—$16 billion that would have to come from the national Treasury. Yet both agencies are continually attempting to acquire even more land. b1900 The result, of course, is that these agencies’ funds are stretched more and more thinly, making the backlog even worse. At the same time, they are also complaining that, with the increased amount of fire suppression, the costs have shifted for the Forest Service from onethird of the budget just a few years ago to, now, twothirds of their entire budget for fire suppression, making it harder for the things they should be doing, with getting out harvest permits and doing their other green work during the nonfire season. That doesn’t happen anymore. Another impact of Federal land acquisition is to deny the local governments the property tax revenue they would receive and generate and deny the rural communities the jobs and economic activity that responsible timber, ranching, farming, and mining operations would generate. Thanks to Federal land acquisition and this administration’s refusal to properly manage national forests, rural communities are heavily reliant on the secure rural schools fund, a program the Federal Government funds to help local schools, police, and local infrastructure, to the tune of about $285 million last year. Counties are also heavily reliant on the PILT fund—payment in lieu of taxes—to the tune of about $450 million last year. In both cases, local governments have less funding than if they were simply allowed to have the functioning economies that Federal regulations have destroyed. Both of these funds are something we have to fight for each budget year to make sure they stay in place, because people seem to forget these are backfills for what has been taken away from rural communities and rural economies. These rural economies don’t want handouts. They want to have the opportunity to be selfsufficient, while not having to come begging for PILT funds or the secure rural schools fund. This means jobs for these economies, for these local areas, versus high unemployment and the social ills that come from an economy that has now disappeared, the social ills that affect families and affect homes, that affect local government and what you have now with the issues of people who are now basically in depression. More domestic violence happens because they don’t have a job anymore. However, the Federal footprint isn’t limited solely to federally owned land. The map identifies not just land owned by the Federal Government, but also areas with restrictions on human activities due to Federal regulations. As you can see, between national forests and other Federal public lands and areas under critical habitat, wetland, or other restrictions, economic activity is restricted in the vast majority of my district. These colors in green and orange are pretty much dominated by Federal land ownership or, supposedly, stewardship. The areas in white are where the offers are still for people in private areas to carry out economic activity. You can see from the color of that map that there are not a whole lot of options left. Indeed, by the time they establish wildlife corridors and more and more of these things that are in the plans, you can see our options are going to be just about zero. This means that local voices, once again, are ignored. Communities have little recourse when Federal agencies arbitrarily decide to close roads, limit economic activities like hunting, fishing, hiking, what have you, and expand their reach through regulations and habitat designations. Rural Sierra Nevada communities have long been told by environmentalists that they must shift to a tourism economy now that Federal and State restrictions have nearly killed the timber and mining industries in those areas. But what happens when the same environmental agenda, extended in the form of critical habitat and other designations, even damages the fledgling tourist economy that they want to promote for these communities? The Fish and Wildlife Service recently bent to the demands of extremist groups and listed the Sierra Nevada yellowlegged frog and the Yosemite toad under the Endangered Species Act, affecting much of this area on the east side in my district and extending down into Mr. MCCLINTOCK ’s district south of mine there. During this process, my colleagues heard from many people in the several public meetings that Mr. MCCLINTOCK  and I had on this very subject a couple of years ago. We wanted the public to be able to be part of this process to ensure that the Service heard the concerns of our constituents directly. The Service’s initial habitat maps were riddled with obvious errors, like the inclusion of parking lots and other areas which contained zero amphibian habitat; and over 20,000 public comments were submitted, which were overwhelmingly opposed to the designation of this socalled critical habitat. However, when the final designations were released just a few days ago, they 
differed little from the initial maps. Nearly 2 million acres of Sierra Nevada, all down the east side of California—about half within my district, the other half pretty much all within Mr. MCCLINTOCK ’s district—were designated as critical habitat. Again, throughout this process, the Fish and Wildlife Service claimed there would be no negative impacts to Sierra communities. We learned that claim to be false almost immediately. For years, a race called the Lost Sierra Endurance Run, a 50kilometer, has been held on existing trails and roads throughout the town of Graeagle in Plumas County, California. Run by a local small local nonprofit, the race generates thousands of dollars for trail maintenance and has a significant economic impact on a little town know as Graeagle, with local hotels, restaurants, and shops benefiting from the visitors the race draws to the area, as well as people being able to enjoy the outdoors and see what their public lands are all about. However, last year, before the critical habitat designation was even complete, the nonprofit was told they would need to pay to conduct a study on the impacts of the race on the yellowlegged frog—an impact study. Federal agencies were concerned that runners using existing trails might negatively impact the frogs. The study the Federal agencies demanded was costly enough to more than wipe out any proceeds from the race, and the organizers were forced to cancel it. Not only would runners not be visiting the area, but now, trail conditions will deteriorate without the funding the race generated. Yes, the funding that the race generated was there to help keep the habit and the trails maintained. This is the second year that the race has not occurred, and it is likely that it, with the visitors it brought to the area, is gone permanently. What is next? Limits on walking through the area within a critical habitat? Colleagues, it may sound absurd, but Federal agencies have already expressed concern that running within this designation could harm frogs. Imagine all the other activities—using offroad vehicles, hunting, fishing, camping, bird watching, hiking—that agencies likely view as dangerous to frogs. As we watch the West burn this time of year, we observe the failure of Federal ownership and nonmanagement of the public’s lands. Compare private timberlands versus the public. Private is fireresistant and healthy, by and large, where they are able to manage their own lands. You can fly over it and see the checkerboard pattern of public versus private. Before a fire, you see it being managed. After a fire, you see the private lands, where they go back out there and get the lands recovered and replanted again. Public land sits there with a bunch of snags, dead timber, brush growing up, and becomes the next tinderbox in 5 or 7 years. Indeed, the damage from these massive fires we have these days, these catastrophic fires, isn’t just to the trees. It is to the habitat, to the wildlife—the very habitat they are fighting against us on. When you have these devastating fires, the next winter, what do you get? Ash and silt all washing down into the creeks, streams, rivers, and lakes, making it bad for the fish. You don’t have the habitat there for owls or anything else that used to be there when the forest was still standing. Somehow, there are a handful of extremists that think this is somehow good. Oh, we need these burned lands. California is full, at this point, with about 66 million dead trees, by the U.S. Forest Service’s own estimates. This isn’t just an isolated tree here and there. Now you can see entire groves that are just waiting for the next lightning strike or the next spark, and it is going to be bigtime problems for those areas to try and put them out. The Forest Service even goes so far as to resist the opportunity for doing land swaps with land that has already been managed, thinned, properly left by private concerns. Where they can then move on to take some trails into public ownership, that would be beneficial for the public as well as private entities being able to manage the formerly public land. They resist these kind of swaps because they want to buy more, acquire more, with money we don’t have. Each new national monument, wilderness, critical habitat designation, or study area limits the tools to promote healthy forests. With the desire and even mandate for new renewable electricity—especially the mandates in California—forest biomass is one of the greatest opportunity potentials we have. It is something we need to be doing yesterday, in order to generate the electricity and bring the jobs that would come from removing that extra material in a way that is good for the ecology, for the forest, and bring those jobs right in the district—not building solar cells in China or wind machines in Europe, but jobs right in our own backyard; thinning these forests, using the material and putting it into a power plant that can generate renewable electricity to meet the mandate of 50 percent California sees and that other States will probably start adopting. We can be putting these jobs back home, improving forest safety and fire safety, preserving the habitat, keeping the water quality up, and, yes, bringing the jobs home for those paper and wood products that we still all need. Instead, we watch them burn because they are unwilling to do what needs to be done. They are afraid to do what needs to be done. There is not enough money in the U.S. Treasury to go out and try to recover all that habitat, plant those forests back, which is what the private sector could be doing when it manages it and is allowed to make a little bit of living at a time. So we have got a lot of work to do in getting this message across on the way the West is dominated by poor management at the Federal level. I hope those people listening tonight will take this to heart and give us the backing we need to accomplish better policy goals and make it so that our Western lands, our Western economies, our Western habitats can actually be preserved with wise management, not this debacle we see happening every fire season. So, again, to my colleague, Mr. GOHMERT , I thank him so much for having this time here tonight for us to be able to spotlight this once again for our American people and for our colleagues. I appreciate it. Mr. GOHMERT. I am grateful to Mr. LAMALFA , a man that has been educated in agriculture. He knows what it is to be a farmer. He knows what it is to be a good steward of the land. At this point, we have someone else who knows something about use of the land. He is a dentist but knows about use of the land. I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. I would like to thank my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Texas, for taking the time to lead on this important conversation about the size of the U.S. Federal footprint. It is a conversation that many Americans, specifically those living east of the Mississippi River, have never had to think much about. However, in Western States like my home State of Arizona, we face unfair burdens on our communities due to the fact that over 90 percent of all Federal land is located in the West. In Arizona, only 18 percent of the land remaining in the State is privately held. Where land is locked up by the Federal Government, the government controls all aspects of use, development, and access. Local school districts and businesses suffer, having no private land base to grow or tax to support infrastructure. Imagine the impact on corn if only 18 percent of the land in Iowa was privately held, or cotton production in Mississippi or oranges grown in Florida. The agriculture that defines many Eastern States would be severely limited if they faced the same Federal footprint that Arizona and Western farmers must confront. Farmers and ranchers in the West face a tsunami of bureaucracy preventing them from doing their jobs. Additionally, energy development, including traditional and renewable energy, is almost nonexistent on Federal lands. I have held numerous townhall meetings and field hearings to hear from smallbusiness owners, sportsmen, farmers, ranchers, elected officials, and many other stakeholders who adamantly oppose furthering the reach and size of the Federal Government’s footprint. 
Adding insult to injury is the fact that the Federal Government management agencies like the BLM have identified hundreds of thousands of acres of Federal land for disposal that the agency admits it is not effectively and efficiently utilizing. Imagine for a moment that the BLM knows it has land that it doesn’t use and yet the Federal Government still keeps the land for itself. The BLM is not alone though. In April of this year, it was reported that the National Park Service has a nearly $12 million deferred maintenance backlog. Wow. The Forest Service Federal footprint is 192.9 million acres, and the total Federal estate exceeds more than 635 million acres. When businesses and the private sector don’t develop their leases quickly enough for the extremist environmental groups, they are labeled as ‘‘greedy.’’ Yet these same groups give the Federal Government a pass and actually encourage them to acquire more land. The Federal Government is supposed to represent we the people, not the special interest groups like the Sierra Club. In order to return Federal land that is not being used back to the State and communities who desperately need it, I am proud to have introduced a commonsense solution that ensures public lands are utilized more efficiently, while also yielding significant benefits for stakeholders. This legislation, known as the HEARD Act, establishes an orderly process for the sale, conveyance, and exchange of Federal lands not being utilized by public land management agencies that have been identified for disposal. The HEARD Act will yield significant benefits for education, sportsmen, agriculture and natural resource users, counties and States by establishing a revenuesharing mechanism that ensures a fair return for all. b1915 Now the Heard Act is modeled after the Southern Nevada Public Land Management Act. This Federal law, enacted in 1998, has a proven track record of success in Nevada. To date, more than 35,000 acres identified by the BLM for disposal have been sold, conveyed, or exchanged in Nevada, and sales have generated nearly $3 billion in revenue. The revenuesharing mechanism instituted by this law has benefited education, enhanced recreational opportunities, public access, and achieved better overall management of public lands. Imagine what we could do if we returned public lands that were up for disposal back to the public and back to the State. It is long past time that Congress takes action to responsibly shrink our 635million acre Federal footprint and empower western States to have a voice in determining our land management policies. I thank the gentleman from Texas for giving me the time to talk about this. Mr. GOHMERT. I thank the gentleman from Arizona. I yield back the balance of my time. 
STATEHOOD FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) for 30 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this time on the House floor this evening because there has been a historic development in the District of Columbia. Today, a new group called Statehood Yes announced what amounts to bipartisan support for D.C. statehood. The fact is that the Republican Party of the District of Columbia had not always—in fact, had not been officially a part of the statehood movement, which is not to say that some Republicans have not been for D.C. statehood. But today was very different. Today, a D.C. resident, George Vradenburg, a philanthropist in our city, a longterm resident, and a former AOL executive, announced that he was chairing a campaign that is part of the effort of the District of Columbia to achieve statehood. That effort is being led by the Mayor and the City Council who, earlier this year, launched what is called the Tennessee Plan. The Tennessee Plan is simply a shorthand way to get statehood. The way in which my statehood bill operates is that, yes, the House and the Senate would vote for statehood, and it would then ask the city to submit a constitution and do what is necessary to become a State. The Tennessee plan simply reverses that process. It does what Tennessee did. What Tennessee did was what the District is in the process of doing. What Tennessee did was to present a constitution to the people to be ratified. And when it had done all of the preliminaries, preliminaries that are often done after the statehood vote, they simply came to the Congress and said: Approve us for admission to the State. And, indeed, that is exactly what the Congress did 200 years ago. The District is trying to imitate that approach to statehood. In order to do so, there needs to be a vote. You are not going to get statehood if you don’t want it. So as part of the democratic process, the District would have to vote on whether or not it wants statehood. That is what the Statehood Yes campaign is trying to facilitate as part of what is required by the Tennessee plan. What this means is—much like the State of Tennessee, it was a Federal territory at the time—this bill would be submitted to the President after the House and the Senate had voted for D.C. statehood if the voters answered four questions. What are these questions? First, the voters will have to answer yes or no whether the District should become a State. Second, the District will have to answer whether voters, those of us who live in the District and vote in the District, approve of a constitution. That constitution is being adopted as I speak by the Council of the District of Columbia. Third, the voters will have to approve the proposed boundaries for the State. That is important since the Federal sector would continue to exist. That Federal sector would be the areas where The Mall and monuments and other Federal buildings are now located. The new State would be the neighborhoods of the District of Columbia. And the fourth question the voters will be asked to approve is whether they pledge to support an elected representative form of government. I was very pleased to hear Mr. Vradenburg speak today at Busboys and Poets, one of our local meeting places, about why he supports D.C. statehood and why he has taken on this effort to be the chairman. Among the things he discussed, of course, is how he intends, with the effort of Statehood Yes, to reach out to all parts of the country. The District recognizes that, in spite of this bipartisan support in the District of Columbia, statehood remains an uphill climb. What important change in our country has not been an uphill climb? We are undaunted by that prospect. We recognize that the Republican Party nationally has certainly not been supportive of D.C. statehood. At its convention this year, the Republicans did not include language supporting D.C. statehood. In fact, there was language that appeared to oppose D.C. statehood. But at that time we did not have what we apparently have today, and that is the official support of the Republican Party of the District of Columbia. That official support could not be more important. Present at the Statehood Yes announcement today was Patrick Mara, the Executive Director of the Republican Party of the District of Columbia. This bipartisanship is minimally necessary for us to move forward; just as we recognize we will have to work with Republicans here in the Congress in order to get the same rights they have. District of Columbia residents are number one per capita, first in taxes paid to support the government of the United States, and yet, the City’s budget comes here every year. It is a local budget. That is money, $4 billion, raised in the District of Columbia. I am sure my colleagues would tear their hair out, Republican and Democrat, if their local budget had to come here. The reason the District has moved to statehood is that there is no other way to achieve equality as American citizens except as a new State. 
Today’s effort came as every Member of this House is running for office. As I thought about what this first bipartisan effort, the first thought that crossed my mind was that D.C. is running for statehood. It is going to the people and saying: We can’t move forward with the effort the Congresswoman has made, or with this effort through the Tennessee Plan, a shorthand way to get statehood, but one that has been used by other States, unless D.C. wants statehood. So in D.C. that is like second nature. Why would you ask somebody if they wanted statehood? We all know the answer, but getting an official answer, an answer through a vote, is very different from answer, an answer through a vote, is very different from everyone understanding that nobody would choose to have Congress in your local business if you had a choice, particularly a Congress which has shown for a number of years now that it can’t even run itself, much less try to have anything to do with running a District of almost 700,000 American citizens. So, yes, we do need a strong vote from residents to move forward with statehood. I am not at all concerned about that vote. A poll showed that more than threequarters—that is a poll that was taken by one of our newspapers, The Washington Post—support D.C. statehood. You can be assured that the District is—those who are working as part of the Tennessee Plan for the necessary vote—are trying to get an even bigger vote than that. We haven’t had a vote for statehood now for decades. This is an entirely new effort on the part of the City. In fact, the best expression of where the residents stand on statehood came about 4 years ago when we had our first official Senate hearing on statehood. Now, I knew there would be some residents who came. What I did not anticipate is that they would come in such large numbers that, after the standing roomonly room where the hearing was being held was filled, the Senate would have to open up other rooms in order to accommodate all the residents. So they have voted. They have voted with their feet. What the District wants now and what Statehood Yes is trying its very best to get is an official recognition, an official voice from the residents of whether they want statehood or not. And the best way to get that is the way they began today, with bipartisan support, with an AOL executive who lives in the District chairing the effort to get that vote. D.C. showed up. They showed up in record numbers when the question was: Do you want to listen to the first official hearing in the Senate on D.C. voting rights—sorry—on D.C. statehood? I am glad I mentioned D.C. voting rights there because the District didn’t come to statehood easily. When Tom Davis—Representative Tom Davis, who decided several years ago to retire from the Congress—was here, he approached me about a bipartisan effort to get a vote, just a vote, in the people’s House. Tom, a Republican, had been in the Republican leadership. He was in the majority. He and I worked together on what was really an important effort. Utah had just missed getting the vote. Utah may be the most Republican State in the union, and the reason it missed getting the vote was heartbreaking. Its young people fan out every year to other countries as part of their missionary work. In past eras, those missionaries had been counted in the way they must because they have to come home after 2 years. For some reason they weren’t counted, and Utah went all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States, but did not prevail. So it was quite a bipartisan effort. I remember working not only with the Utah delegation, but with the Governor of the State and with the House and the Senate of that State, who approved that bipartisan effort to achieve a House vote for D.C. residents and a House vote for Utah. b1930 That effort succeeded in the House and the Senate at a time when the Democrats controlled both parties. What kept it from fruition is also heartbreaking, and that is that there was a rider from the National Rifle Association attached that, in essence, said, yes, you can give D.C. a Member of Congress if—if—the District eliminates all of its gun safety laws. That is an offer that had to be refused. It was a cynical offer. How can you be in the Nation’s Capital and not have strong gun safety laws? Not only do 700,000 of us live here, but the most controversial figures in the world come here. Heads of state frequent our streets and our restaurants. They come by in caravans of cars every day. So it was an offer that had to be refused. But it does show that the District has tried to find incremental ways to statehood and been rebuffed. Even as I speak, there is a new and important effort going on; and that is the District has moved, pursuant to a budget autonomy referendum, to manage its own budget without coming to the House of Representatives or the Senate. For this referendum, The District was sued. It lost in the U.S. district court and went to the court of appeals. As someone who practiced constitutional law, I can tell you I had never seen what resulted. The U.S. court of appeals eliminated—the District Court decision, and submitted the issue of the constitutionality and the legality of budget autonomy to the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. The Superior Court of the District of Columbia held that the District’s budget autonomy referendum is valid. So, the irony is that the only court decision upholds budget autonomy for the District. Understand what we mean by that. It is the same autonomy that every Member here not only cherishes, but insists upon. It is your own money. It has nothing to do with this House, which contributes nothing. The only thing the House contributes to the District of Columbia is what it contributes to everybody else. It doesn’t give us a thing. Yet if you go out in the streets of the District of Columbia, you should be envious of what we have done with our economy because what you will see is building going on everywhere. People are moving into the District, not moving out. We know how to support ourselves. We have got more than $2 billion in surplus funds. How many Members of this House can boast that? So you can see how we object to those who dare tell us how to run our city, particularly as we see this House floundering on the Zika virus, a health emergency, and we still can’t get it done. D.C. doesn’t have that kind of problem. We can govern ourself without interference by others. The District is particularly to be complimented on this longer effort to achieve D.C. statehood. It has been going on now for the better part of 6 months. Too often the city and its residents have grown angry when Congress did something to our city. There was an arrest led by the former Mayor when he was Mayor and members of the council when there was an attachment to our budget after we had gotten every single rider or attachment removed that had been undemocratically attached by this House. People were arrested. But the problem with that approach is not that civil disobedience is not to be expected when somebody takes away rights that every American citizen should have. The problem with it is you can’t wait for the Congress to do something really horrendous to you and then say that we are now in the mode to get our rights. It has to be a sustained effort. What the District is doing now as it tries to use the Tennessee Plan to get statehood is part of a sustained effort. Today I called for a yearlong plan after that because I do not suffer the illusion that a House that can’t pass a Zika virus is going to reach into its long lost democratic treasure house and give the District statehood, but I do certainly believe that it won’t happen unless you have the kind of effort that is going on now. What the District is doing in its effort to achieve statehood, using the Tennessee Plan with the bipartisan effort announced today, to me, is particularly noteworthy. When I come to the House floor, as I often do, as I am this evening, to speak about statehood, you are within your rights to say: Says who? My answer to that—when the vote comes in in November, with this question on the ballot answered by the residents of the District of Columbia, I will be able to say: Says who? Says the American citizens who live in your Nation’s Capital, 
who also happen to pay the highest taxes per capita in the United States of America; that is who. That is what I was will say. I say to my Republican friends in the District of Columbia, you have sent a worthy signal to this House that bipartisanship for D.C. statehood begins in the District of Columbia, and now it must be taken up by both parties in the House and Senate as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CLAWSON of Florida (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for September 6 and today on account of illness. 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 8, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5178. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide educational and vocational counseling for veterans on campuses of institutions of higher learning, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–727). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
292. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arkansas, relative to Interim Resolution 2015–007, encouraging the United States Congress to amend the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act of 2004, to include mammalian meat, dairy, and other products; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 293. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia, relative to House 
Concurrent Resolution 36, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 294. Also, a memorial of the Manville, Borough Council of New Jersey, relative to Resolution 2016–135, confirming support of H.R. 814 known as the ‘‘Thin Blue Line Act’’ and urging the United States House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate to enact this legislation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 140: Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. DAVIDSON , and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 213: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. D ENT, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. RIBBLE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali fornia, Mr. POEof Texas, and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 249: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 267: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 333: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 335: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 381: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 430: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 449: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 546: Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali fornia. H.R. 556: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 563: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 605: Mr. ISRAEL . H.R. 612: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 670: Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 836: Mr. HILL. H.R. 902: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 918: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 954: Mr. DOLD. H.R. 971: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1013: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1095: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. BASS, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. ENGEL , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1116: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1192: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. G RAVES  of Louisiana, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. CARTER of Texas, Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1220: Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1233: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 1258: Mr. BECERRA . H.R. 1284: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 1427: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 1453: Mr. GARAMENDI  H.R. 1532: Mr. REED. H.R. 1545: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 1559: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 1595: Mr. MURPHY of Florida and Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 1598: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 1643: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 1707: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1763: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Ms. R OS LEHTINEN . H.R. 1779: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1859: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1904: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 1905: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 1911: Mr. REED. H.R. 1966: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 2001: Mr. LOUDERMILK and Mr. R OONEY  of Florida. H.R. 2096: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 2280: Ms. LEE. H.R. 2294: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2429: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 2500: Mr. HUNTER and Mr. T IBERI . H.R. 2622: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 2628: Mr. HILL, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. T URNER, and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2641: Mr. GRAYSON . H.R. 2738: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2739: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. H ECKof Ne vada, and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 2844: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2858: Mr. CLAYand Mr. R USH. H.R. 2866: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2895: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2902: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. CARNEY , and Mr. D OLD. H.R. 2903: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 3012: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama and Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 3085: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3137: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 3180: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 3229: Mrs. ROBY, Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi, and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3235: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3255: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3397: Mr. PEARCE and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 3406: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. CAPPS , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 3410: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 3438: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. I SSA, and Mr. TROTT . H.R. 3516: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 3535: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3589: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 3613: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3706: Mr. COLE, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. ZELDIN , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 3815: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 3822: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 3861: Mr. ROSSand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 3926: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 3991: Mr. RUSH, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 4027: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4043: Mr. RANGEL and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4073: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. HIMES, and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4204: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 4298: Mr. REICHERT and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4320: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4374: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4378: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4381: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 4456: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 4481: Mr. HONDA and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4485: Mr. ROUZER and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 4514: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 4525: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4558: Mr. ISRAEL and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4559: Mr. HILLand Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 4564: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4567: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 4611: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4632: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. E MMER  of Minnesota. H.R. 4665: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 4671: Mr. LAMALFA and Mr. PITTENGER . 
H.R. 4715: Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4740: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 4773: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 4784: Mr. DOLD. H.R. 4842: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 4907: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 4919: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4927: Mr. POCAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. BEATTY , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 5015: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. K NIGHT , Mrs. BLACK , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. POMPEO . H.R. 5093: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5115: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5116: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5136: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5141: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 5167: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 5204: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 5205: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 5213: Mr. ASHFORD . H.R. 5226: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 5256: Mrs. TORRES , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. LANGEVIN , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 5272: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. WELCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 5292: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 5313: Ms. NORTON , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. MCCOLLUM , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5343: Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. H.R. 5351: Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. LATTA , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G RAVES  of Missouri, Mr. WALKER , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 5386: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 5396: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 5415: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 5418: Mr. BRAT, Mr. H ILL, Mr. F LORES , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. B RADY of Texas, and Mr. POSEY . H.R. 5433: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 5462: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 5474: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. RUSH, and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5482: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 5489: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5499: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 5506: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. HECKof Washington, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. B ARR, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M EEHAN , Mrs. BLACK , Mr. C LAY, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. CUELLAR , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5513: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5531: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 5532: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 5537: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5555: Mr. RANGEL . H.R. 5571: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. JUDYCHUof California, and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 5584: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M CSALLY , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5587: Mr. PETERS , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 5620: Mrs. ROBY, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. COLLINS of New York, and Mr. C HAFFETZ . H.R. 5630: Mr. COOPER and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5646: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 5650: Ms. DELBENEand Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 5668: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. BYRNE , and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 5683: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 5685: Mr. POMPEO and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 5691: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5708: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5730: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 5732: Mr. DOLD. H.R. 5734: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 5755: Ms. MCSALLY and Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5756: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5796: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5817: Mr. CARNEY , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. L EE, Ms. NORTON , and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 5836: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 5867: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5883: Mr. DESJARLAIS and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 5904: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5931: Mr. SALMON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. GARRETT , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. G IBSON . H.R. 5940: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.J. Res. 2: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.J. Res. 95: Mr. BARR and Mrs. B LACK BURN . H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. WITTMAN and Mr. MULVANEY . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. NUNES and Mr. R OONEYof Florida. H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Mr. SHIMKUS , and Mr. M ARINO . H. Res. 12: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H. Res. 130: Mr. COFFMAN . H. Res. 290: Mr. CONYERS . H. Res. 352: Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 590: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. R IBBLE . H. Res. 617: Mr. BOUSTANY and Mrs. WALORSKI . H. Res. 647: Mr. BARR. H. Res. 652: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 660: Mr. RUSHand Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 683: Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 686: Mr. CUMMINGS . H. Res. 766: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H. Res. 773: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. LEE, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, and Mr. S CHIFF . H. Res. 782: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H. Res. 792: Mrs. LOWEY . H. Res. 810: Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H. Res. 811: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. G IBSON . H. Res. 831: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. K LINE, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
84. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City of Miami Beach, Florida, relative to Resolution No. 2016–29483, urging the United States Food and Drug Administration to repeal its prohibition on men who have had sex with men within the past 12 months from donating blood; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 85. Also, a petition of the Borough Council of Sound Bound Brook, New Jersey, relative to Supporting the H.R. 814 known as the ‘‘Thin Blue Line Act’’ and urging the United States House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate to enact this legislation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5301 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 2016 No. 134 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 